you 're saying while many chechens help ukraine you want them to help you while you being racist to all chechen
for addicts the detox to achieve being clean is the worst imaginable feeling .
you just juxtaposed your own comment they do their jobs as politicians which is lying a lot
put him in with sirianni jayson glazer mad mel and lou holtz in next years draft spectacular .
like when everyone passes at the same time unplanned that 's the best
as everyone else says clearly hickey currently but ladhams should come good he 's still young .
more to the point though imagine being a swans fan and having two legitimate afl-level rucks on the list ?
feel like it 's been years since we 've had that luxury .
you 're beautiful and beautiful and sexy woman babe ... thank you for sharing gorgeous
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/b_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
there are a lot of phishing links pump and dumps and scams in the cryptocurrency space .
please personally review all links before clicking on them .
if you believe this post is harmful please report this post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/altcoin_news if you have any questions or concerns .
the systematic improvements to life that would truly make him obsolete would come with the responsibility of him being a powerful political actor and not just a freelance bourgeoise funding things for others .
the world is a worse place because of his discomfort but if that was n't the case he could pretty much do anything .
his full assets legal and extra-legal are stated to be worth over 100 billion dollars .
he could work for a few years to actually make systems that could fundamentally alter life in the entire continent .
but he 'd have to personally make sure the systems work and run checks and balances bureaucracy etc .
on the other hand dick grayson aka nightwing just became extremely rich due to an inheritance and has decided to make bludhaven a better place https static3.cbrimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/nightwing-alfred-pennyworth-foundation-1.jpg ? q=50 fit=crop w=740 h=581 dpr=1.5 20740w from the ground up putting systems in place to make sure everything works and putting himself in a position of public responsability .
i watched a part of a video where she says the first thing she does when she gets home is put back her hair .
she also said if you sit down on the couch right when you get home you wo n't wash your face until midnight which is so true especially with the tret where you have to wait 30 minutes before applying so i set a wash face timer on my phone !
if all worcestershire sauce that is labelled as worcestershire sauce is supposedly from this then i am definitely not over estimating it .
i just graduated from penn lps baas program and got accepted into a graduate school at penn .
you will be considered non traditional and it is hard to build connections with individuals since everything is online .
lps started as a school for working individuals in philadelphia that wanted and could afford a penn education based on whether or not they could gain acceptance academically .
does it hold the reputation as college of arts and science wharton perelman etc ?
you do join the alumni network and have a vast amount of support from the faculty and career services however penn lps online is geared towards certificates and a baas for individuals already in an occupation where a bachelors will enhance their career .
i was yelling do n't act like you think you deserved that at my screen .
freeze it for a week at home and its fine
i came here looking to see if a girl could help me see what he did wrong now i know
you do n't make money on a bear market .
report anyone breaking these rules or any harassing comments by using the report button .
if you want to support us and keep watching high quality premium bbc content and guaranteed new movies every week please check out bbcparadise.com https join.bbcparadise.com/track/ndczmtkumy4yos44mc4wljaumc4wlja for 1-day trial at 1 only ! .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bbcparadise if you have any questions or concerns .
even with fate at 1 it was around but quickly started dropping especially/even after duelist alliance .
holy shit like i forgot i was 20 for a sec .
but it appears i 'm in the same ball park though unsure as to why ?
minor acts around me instantly flare up my anxiety and the moment i 'm criticised i have to actively hold back breaking down .
if i manage i 'm just in a perpetually shit mood the rest of the day often tearing up in bed .
i also have a weird walk which i was bullied for in primary school did n't stop though .
walk on the upper end of my foot almost a tiptoe
i feel for you man if you need to talk feel free to pm timezone is gmt+2
what despair she must have been experiencing ? especially she would 've been receiving an award tomorrow .
how horrible for her daughters to have the achievement marred by her death by suicide .
no real journalism is something you need to find these days .
bpd behaviours are pretty much all abusive to the people around them and the people they try to manipulate into co-dependency .
that is the very nature of the '' disorder '' .
bpd is strongly directly related to domestic violence battering random violence and serial killing .
not to mention the extreme paranoia gaslighting insane mood swings vindictiveness pettiness etc that also come with the disorder .
sorry if the facts hurt but from my experience and those i 've talked to and the countless internet stories and testimonials from those who have been around them 95 of people with bpd are genuinely atrociously fucking terrible people that act like tornados of shit through the peoples lives around them .
even psych 's do n't like dealing with bpd patients because of the large risk of mental health harm that comes to them because bpd people genuinely fuck with them so much .
i know bpd comes from trauma that sucks does n't justify how bpd people treat others .
it 's unofficially known even among psychs as bad person disorder '' for a reason .
you have a genuinely shitty fucking personality and they 're just nice enough to call that a disorder '' instead of just saying you 're a piece of shit '' .
notice everyone was calling heard bpd '' for ages and it 's only come out now she has bpd ?
because being a fucking absurdly manipulative evil victim complex hysterical hypocritical piece of shit are pretty much all the visible symptoms of bpd to anyone familiar with it .
literally got 501 today on aamc fl 2 today .
i 'm not gon na move it yet ... .i have yet to finish a lot of section banks so i hope getting that practice will improve .
could just leave it at the fact that they were telling the truth and that he was real and was kia last month .
nobody 's slanting anything did you even read the article ?
awww omg 🥺🥺🥺😩😩😩😍😍😍 you are an angel on earth !
dunno what you 're talking about cutie you 're not looking rough ☺️
if you expanded cruz to 225 how do you think he 'd do ?
p4p means how you utilize your body to be as good as possible .
lighter divisions use more speed and precision while heavier divisions use more power .
that does n't mean one is better than the other .
the da2 is like an armchair for my hand .
i find when this happens i 'm forcing plays .
i 'm worried that i have to win the game right now instead of assessing the game state and making the best next play .
this was 10 years ago sorry for not mentioning .
iirc at the same timeline rapidkl lrt management is wayyy better because they were actually punctual with their trains compared to ktm .
that 's the reason i switched to lrt although it was a longer travel distance for me but at least the trains were n't late for 2 f-ing hours .
i 'm still far from nkg tho but i 'll update if anything happens
even in the original comics he would have been too young spider man was high school age in the early to mid 1960s .
way too young to do anything but to learn about the titanic in history class
these concrete road barriers are a part of our culture now
that gets me jazzed and i 'm on another continent .
if it turns off within 10-15 seconds after the car starts then your oil level sensor is bad .
honestly the more i think about it i 've started despising the taste of meat in recent years .
i 've realized that most of the flavor in my food comes from vegetables and seasoning .
i wish i was raised vegan would 've saved me years of pain and misery that acne caused me .
dude she 'd totally sleep with you if you gave her attention and validation
ampersand has a deal i thought i saw somewhere .
their little roastery in gunbarrel is worth a look in and a cortado at some point too
local families tend to the evaporation ponds and collect the salt to sell it .
then again you are correct under the vast majority of cases yes .
please understand the us is not the only country in the world
ufc on espn 60 makhachev vs. green — february 26 2022
judges in order michael bell adalaide byrd sal d'amato .
im going to try it if it fails ill buy it n amazon even if it costs the double
fallout 1 2 and new vegas generally imply that a good portion of modern firearms exist within fallouts world .
we know they have ar-platform rifles p90 's desert eagles ect .
the plasma defender is referred to as the glock 86 in the og games .
it 's really just bethesda that strongly dislikes putting modern firearms into their games .
no i mean what would you consider a good proof ?
moyogi style bending and ending with the apex perpendicular to the truck i 'd say you nailed it ... .or the old man did and you 're taking the credit .
the advice ive seen on the rc drug scene is that if they send you a letter and ask you if you want your shit just do n't respond/dont say yes and you 'll be golden .
but also prepare for possibility of higher scrutiny with receiving international packages to your current address going forward..
look up grey rocking good way to deal with people who feed on attention .
he only saying not every black person is that same ... for better or for worse .
there are good people and bad seeds and the key is not to generalize and throw everyone is the same box ...
is it legal baseball if aj hinch gets up there to bat and then strikes out ?
it 's possible the central column is n't needed also possible it is .
you need a builder remodeler good carpenter or good handyman .
basically i would temporarily support the beam remove the columns verify the footing is good install a treated post and trim .
fairly straight forward but probably not a large enough project for a larger operation to mess with .
hello southernguy1122 thank you for your submission but it was removed as your account does not meet the minimum account age/karma requirements to ask a question .
you are still free to comment on and answer other questions here .
do not message us asking what the threshold is !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askanamerican if you have any questions or concerns .
i dont really engage with this stuff all that much but god damn
juan bolsa the type of guy that stops at red lights in gta v
the voyager crew definitely feels like the one that it would be the most fun to hang with .
i do n't know if you 're dumb or stupid .
you 're opening yourself up to lawsuits in most countries with what you 're saying .
everything in this comment is my opinion i 'm not certified in any relevant regulatory body .
robin hobb has interrelated fantasy series like sanderson 's cosmere and it 's complete !
stephen king 's fantasy series the dark tower is worth a read but some of the books in the series are better than others .
it 's technically science-fantasy but dragonriders of pern has like 20 or so books .
you might like dune but it 's got some very dense parts and the style is n't enjoyable for everyone .
it does a lot of jumping around and you never feel fully in the know .
i like them but it seems to be very hit or miss among my friends .
the individual parts of the dracthyr just doesnt compliment each other .
it could still be skinny if it just fit better together .
seen several fixes '' where its still skinny but its put together better and thats fine .
same position as me was told to create a ticket can find link in discord support and be patient from a mod .
this is a great way to just spend some time together !
we can watch any kind of movie you like excluding a select few .
watching movies is one of my favorite pastimes so i 'll definitely be happy in this session and you 'll get some fun commentary throughout .
this is like my core group i dont always post a ton but when i do it because i 'm really feeling my self !
i also share what 's going on with me there my triumphs things i 'm looking forward to things i want to try things i want i 'll ask you your opinion on things .
for life 75 this also comes with a discount to my onlyfans 2 free pre made videos and one 15 minute sexting session !
have you ever wanted to date that alternative girl who love cult classic films plays video games is always up to some new craft and listening to every kind of music ?
well that 's me if you tell me you 're at work i 'll likely send a nude just to bug you we can talk all day about the meaning of life the universe and everything and i 'll show you my vinyl collection if you show me yours.💚🖤💚🖤
you 'll also get 20 off all my other services !
this really isnt enough time to get to know eachother as well as i 'd like but its perfect to see if we connect or get a lil break from reality !
three days 200 15 minute session and one week of my snapchat premium for free !
getting to know eachother will be easier and the chemistry can build !
one week 280 20 minute session my snap premium and a movie date with messaging !
this is where the fun really is well spend a whole week getting to know eachother our likes dislikes turn ons favorite films bands ect.. we even have an actual date ! !
this is perfect for someone who just want to have a window into my life and a shoulder to lean on .
we can talk about any thing youd like to over messaging life hobbies movies etc .
this is definitely less attention the a gfe and is 100 not sexual but this does include comparison and as much advice as i have !
this is for submissive that need a dom to keep them on a goal this works for nearly any goal weather it be working out self maintenance or some other goal you have in mind .
this is less attention then a gfe it includes daily check ins goal setting and some punishments !
if youd like to do more then a week we 'll have to discuss further !
if you wan na see what pair of socks or pantys i 'm wearing each day this is for you !
this doesnt involve any sexting flirting so on its literally just the photo of the day
socks are mailed via usps in a discrete black bubble mailer and sealed in a green air tight smell proof ziplock bags .
each pair comes with two digital photos 24 hours wear and least one work out or long walk .
extra days of wear max seven days 8 per day
a video of me cuming in them 50 this is not a customizable video
pantys are mailed via usps in a discrete black bubble mailer and sealed in a green air tight smell proof ziplock bags .
each pair comes with two digital photos 24 hours wear and one orgasm .
extra days of wear max four days 15 per day
a video of me cuming in them 50 this is not a customizable video
or just to have a little piece of me with you always !
if you like these enough i 'll buy a polaroid camera !
payments sent prior to argeement of services bought will be considered a gift
you mean like we took 2 games against toronto ?
we do n't make the schedule we can only play what we 're given
how many reddit accounts does this snapchat account have ?
i have seen a few and all different pictures for each one .
you can help all citizens without a racial means test .
same op is lucky to have such an awesome shop nearby
im more surprised that you have syrian relative that fought hezb that live in baalbek lol .
if you keep your mouth shut dont dress fancy like expensive watch gold necklace etc and dont show dollars or roll in a range you wont attract attention you should be fine .
social engineers are pushing hard on the what about me mentality .
discovery and picard are literally making bank on that .
you 're wrong about wanting performance in an suv .
well tell that to all the buyers of amg and m and porsche suvs .
the same silly thinking that more than doubled lamborghini 's sales and even ferrari is following suit .
so basically you 're paying a high price for tesla charging network ?
just because you do n't care about something does n't mean others do n't .
is the cayenne turbo s a ripoff because you can get a more luxurious gls for 2/3 the price ?
is n't it that the building of the hammer was rushed for some reason and what should have become a long handle ended up short making it difficult to wield the hammer ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adorable_girls if you have any questions or concerns .
there better be at least 6 minutes added on the time wasting is absurd
i have made it clear to my wife that my son will learn one instrument .
we require a minimum account age and karma as a spam deterrent .
messaging us to ask what they are will result in a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
he probably wo n't read your email let alone your script so i do n't think you should worry about it .
pork extrusion on a bed of whitened wheat with a dairy emulsion just a hint of cheese flavor .
served on it 's own to examine the innermost sadness of one 's soul .
my ah3 does n't get the best mpg but still get 25 city and sub 4 sec 0-60 tuned .
download link https www.reddit.watch/r/perfectlycutscreams/comments/ufqdc9 ? utm_source=automod utm_medium=perfectlycutscreams by r/downloadvideo .
another download link https redditsave.com/r/perfectlycutscreams/comments/ufqdc9/instant_a by r/savevideo also please remember to join our discord https discord.gg/3vsj8n2 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectlycutscreams if you have any questions or concerns .
a suggestion i saw on reddit while i was pregnant with my first was to get a little six-pack case of 2-oz ready-to-feed bottles .
that box comes with a nipple for the bottles there is no preparation needed and no instructions to read .
just shake add nipple and stick it in baby 's mouth .
really good for sleep-deprived parents of a newborn lol .
the little box of rtf formula bottles will get you through with a newborn until you can get to the store to choose a more long-term option without costing you an arm and a leg in start-up costs in the event that you never need to formula feed .
just check expiry dates before buying and consider buying that box of rtf bottles pretty close to the end of your pregnancy because they do n't have a long shelf life .
we did this with our first and will do it again with our second even tho we plan to combo feed eventually .
i had a version of this on my car 20 years ago .
there were situations last season where i 'm pretty sure mcdermott would 've preferred to punt but did n't trust haack not to blow it .
there was one game i forget which where he shanked like 3 straight punts for like 20-25 yards each .
mcdermott pretty much never let him on the field again after that .
cinélibre is the swiss association of independent theaters and movie clubs here 's a country-wide list of members .
you can definitely find some in lausanne or geneva .
skye is a sweetheart i will never let her go
the thrown hammer on clawbringer absolutely destroys the aegis though ...
by the fourth playthrough are you still bothering with side content ?
do you do a little bare min or all ?
join this community r/f4m1 r/kiksextingholes r/onlyfansvenz r/kiksexting0 r/sweetnudes r/kikgirlss r/kiknudes1 r/kiksexsexting join the telegram group https t.me/joinchat/zck6tmxx-wfknjex
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kiksextingg if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you so much it 's a story adventure game similar to firewatch '' but in space and inspired by interstellar '' .
you can wishlist the game/read more on my steam page link https store.steampowered.com/app/1933840/moon_mystery 😊
after a while of him hugging and crying he was able to pull himself back together and then he looked sad
she probably does have some kind of medial record stating this .
psychology has a super shady past and as a largely cash business you pay for what you get .
in windows is a very real thing meant for the xanny popping soccer moms looking to get high .
i 'd wager a did diagnoses would be a 2-3 grand cash ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
they are hearing that medical school loans might not be included in any student loan relief .
i know now that its because they have the most valuable debt to turn into derivatives like slabs
there are so many people talking about student loan forgiveness but they are all one-dimensionally talking about how the government wants to screw the students .
inside this subreddit is the only place i have ever seen people mention about the derivatives tied to student loans and how big that industry has gotten and the effect upon the entire economy of making those debt worthless .
people outside of here are so ignorant of it when you bring it up they think you are stealing the limelight from the plight of the students and go right back to talking about how horrible the government is and how poor the students are .
i honestly do n't know how to get the point across if they are n't willing to hear it .
it 's reassuring to have a hedge against the incoming crash like we do but infuriating all the same that word is unable to get out .
why do people think bcs is slower paced then bb ?
imo bcs has far better pacing and you actually care about every character far more .
from my own experience teaching high school and university students which of course is not necessarily representative of all young people .
mostly on the 'left ' i would say or else completely apathetic towards organised politics .
'' they are all the same '' is a fairly common opinion when students are asked about politicians and political parties !
there are young people on the right of course as well including some on the radical right ... i have a couple of students who are supporters of 'forza nuova ' here which is a neo-fascist party .
the biggest issues are both social and economic.cost of living availability of jobs here in sicily it is a very bad situation cost of housing etc.plus the climate crisis .
i 'd say most young people are much more liberal socially than their parents..on things like lgbt rights abortion rights etc .
i think it 's more like a good friends/close master and servant situation kinda like what batman and alfred have if that makes sense .
bercoulli knew administrator for 300 years and was her first integrity knight so i think they were just really close and she was the only dead person he was close with bc we never see any hint of a relationship between him and eldrie so he saw her ghost he died .
also if i remember the scene it was n't really romantic and more two old acquaintances catching up bercoulli thanking and forgiving her for the life she forced on him and then them riding off together it was n't overtly romantic .
idk how to mark as nsfw on mobile browser i have an iphone 6
out of all his videos petscop is definitely one of them .
hair cutting and shaving as part of a dom-sub kink dynamic .
you say it 's a fact but there is no evidence .
the other woman may have just been something the man made up so that he would n't look like a creep .
the sawant trash want and make your neighborhood unlivable and unpoliceable so the rents will fall .
the end state in their trotskyite utopian view in the south bronx circa 1981
i 'm so glad you have a good idea of what to say .
it 's so hard to get people to actually understand what you go through and how you manage it and it 's really hard to try to find someone who takes you seriously .
did n't state anything for you to ask so you actually dont need to ask for someone to ask you .
di ba nagppaahinga lang naman bago lumabas for the program ?
not trying to invalidate yung mga farmers na mahaba nilakad ah pero yung mga dumadagsa sa rally buong araw naiinitan .
lol biglang may pake sa mga farmers na inaagawan ng lupa ng idol nila .
everyone i freaking know okay 80 of my nurse friends and my sisters everyone 30s to 50s has sex more than once a week .
my parents finally gave it up due to health issues after they were older than 75 .
telling someone you love them is an extremely big step that at least for me usually take 5~6 months .
and considering them my partner boyfriend/girlfriend is almost a necessary first step before that .
dann warst du noch nie in einem flemings da ist die dusche neben dem bett und das habe ich schon paar mal gehabt für business travel d
ive had slideshow like trips before and have also had trips that lasted for quite a long time without ever redosing .
what 's so stupid is the average u.s. citizen and the average russian citizen do not have any issues with each other .
it 's the governments that do n't get along .
what do you think is the definition of a continent ?
just read a little bit about it and you will be able to figure out why the person mentioned isthmus of panama .
u/rafsunsheikh please ensure the title contains the subreddit name in brackets at the beginning of the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn if you have any questions or concerns .
the clerk of the course is pretty efficient she runs a tight ship
never even beat a woman look at the tape and stop following what people say .
you guys believe one thing and stick to it even if there 's footage that refute your claims .
i 'm not excusing what he did but you guys use that as an excuse to discredit him as a fighter .
loma and fury have been way more disrespectful in a fight than shakur has but those two gets so much praise but when shakur does it after dominating a champion he gets criticised .
loma was even saying some of the most outlandish things after his loss to teo but it 's funny how people have forgotten about that .
they 're still definitely going to kill him if they ca n't find a way to stop him from exploding in time
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 2000 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
2000 combined post comment karma award karma does not count .
we do n't care if the app says you have 1900 .
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it or try https www.reddit.com/r/karma/wiki/index/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
we did n't reach our 15 upvote goal but do n't worry because we got more than 5 upvotes imma release a sequel rn .
that could help it wo n't be instant but try and focus on sound instead the visual aspect of the minds eye .
sam harris waking up app is helpful and they have a free subscription option .
i wish you the best and believe you can find beauty in other areas of life dm me if you like✌️
why do i want to put that amazing annihilation movie sound the weird wooohooowooooo over this video ...
i feel like it matches the same weird awesome vibe
it looks like the pizza does n't fit the box until after .
if they are n't selling that slice they 're losing a bunch of money .
japs got two nukes due to their lunacy how many are we gon na get ?
it wouldve happened anyway hurts recruited him and we wouldve got him cheaper .
if it were true it would be a graceful way to russia to exit this war .
even then they would have to leave ukraine or be driven out .
hi there i can make your request come true !
just rinse with warm water and get sterile saline spray asap
she was pawing something on the tree after waking from a nap .
she seemed quite content right before eating a bunch of fruit ☺️
there are plenty of 30 year olds staying home playing video games and cosplaying and making a living doing it .
p2pool.io is just a website showing p2pool stats it is not the pool itself .
it is peer to peer just like solo mining .
honestly wondering some people like putting salt on watermelon slices right ?
does having the olives touching them in the first image have the same effect ?
i own the same pope costume as the guy on the right .
yeah who sends out invitations before asking the bridesmaids if they will be a part of it ?
when does the mordekaiser figurine will be available anew ?
please note civil discussion is welcome trolls and personal abuse are not https www.reddit.com/r/vegan/wiki/rules .
please keep the discussions below respectful and remember the human !
check out 3 movies https 3movies.org/reddit and watch three thought-provoking movies that shed light on uncomfortable realities .
3 movies also includes other videos books challenges and resources for you get started !
visit nutritionfacts.org https nutritionfacts.org for health and nutrition support happycow.net https happycow.net to explore nearby vegan-friendly restaurants and visit veganbootcamp.org https veganbootcamp.org/reddit for a free 30 day vegan challenge !
join activist hub https activisthub.org to find and join local vegan groups add friends create or share posts and chat with other activists !
you can also use activist hub to track your local and online activism in order to see how many people you inspired to watch dominion take a challenge or even go vegan !
find local groups using the animal rights map https animalrightsmap.org !
get funding for your animal rights activism apply here https veganhacktivists.org/grants !
last but not least join our discord server https discord.gg/2jmjrsj !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vegan if you have any questions or concerns .
you appear to have submitted a common or unoriginal thought .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
the original inhabitants of the americas were so thoroughly wiped out by the migration of the tribes we have today that their dna does n't even appear in genetic analyses .
do n't know weather to love em or hate em lmao
i left overwatch for years and i 'm only now coming back because dps has been nerfed to the ground in ow1 .
ow2 looks like they may finally be getting the attention they deserve and tanks sent to the fucking ground where they belong .
play something else if you want a realistic shooter .
please refer to it as its proper name the jack me off 12
reminder phr4r is not a discussion forum please message the op instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
the 3 last ones were broken and ca n't even start one stage in this one ...
kittens around 3-6 months old lose baby teeth and grow in adult teeth .
lol no idea how it could have been taken in a bad way .
germany literally had those borders only for 43 years .
there never was a real united 'germany ' as it is depicted there before .
yeah the villain from needful things did n't have mind control to the extent that percival does e.g. i doubt he could 've convinced a normally gentle man to bash a stranger 's head in with a hammer for no reason or an entire gang of people to eat their own guns but the little pushes percival gives people without resorting to the full mind control or the way he turns people against each other are pure needful things .
find the binary for the game and execute it with the terminal
i did n't knew i wanted a christmas special with rebecca sugar 's music so much we never got that in su but she really is perfect for the job
line up at the border to russia and pound every inch artillery can possibly reach .
then maybe some srbns to fuck some shit up as well
the pm as with many of his ilk are unable to understand that they 're so polarized as to be about as smart as i was at 10 years old .
i apparently commented about how lucky we were to have been born in the only english-speaking country with no accent .
the pm is actually in favour of entitlement for a range of people and organizations he can relate to .
he ca n't understand that what he sees as being clearly reasonable measures are actually forms of entitlement thinking that fit into the kind of accent he finds comfortable .
as for a ubi i 've never liked it .
the dole is obviously insufficient and the ubi proposals i 've seen here and abroard would be roughly similar to a proper dole payment .
but there is a basic requirement of our bodies and minds to be doing useful salient additive things that further our chances of surviving and/or thriving .
the baby boomers did n't have enough kids to give us the luxury of carrying as much dead weight .
the hard heads on either side of the political trench lines have prevented useful public discussion on the topic .
the right-leaning hard heads talk about mutual obligation while the left-leaning ones point to the rampant abuse and loss of dignity read mental physical health it has resulted in .
a proper dole/ubi must involve us doing productive things as literally public servants .
for example we should have an ongoing emu parade across the country to actually remove all feral animals .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
so you also have to wait on the bang your wife '' list too ?
how do you pay '' your way up that list ?
no we dont ... . time to get up i ca n't feel my legs 🚽
tudor black bay pro spend the rest on hookers blow
have you heard how people who never go to school speak ?
absolutely beautiful db5 but for 4mill i 'm putting real guns and a better smoke screen with the ejecto seats
however with a state actor reporting and education becomes more important .
i lost my virginity when i went to university which apparently is below average and i 'm not afraid to admit it and honestly am glad i chose to not do it in high school .
i hear high school relationships are just very annoying and distract not only from academics but life in general .
read saturn in the house and choose the one that resonated the most
they obviously lack so many things like diversity in most aspects but they 're journeys of self discovery .
i think that most of us just stuck with the superficial image of barbie as a doll and did what basically happened to legally blonde i highly recommend it it has its flaws of course but it brings a lot of great criticism while being a very fun movie .
its so pathetic you cant enjoy the game without constant content updates .
you are the reason the power curve is so fucked because you cry if ea doesnt release 30 sbcs a day .
what a nice man i bet he would never associate himself with neo nazis .
even with a group of trusting players the real issue of pvp is that it unbalances shared gameplay .
i 'm normal dnd being downed or killed increases the tension .
if the whole party approaches tpk it strengthens the urgency to escape or win .
a well balanced tpk allows the players to bond .
pvp is just murderhobo-lite where some players will get ejected from having agency very early in combat and left sitting around controlling irrelevant elements if they 're given anything to do at all .
does n't bond the players does n't drive the party story forward in a way for which there are n't multitude of different better paths .
i prefer placing characters in a forced pvp situation and letting them fight persuade or kludge themselves out of having to fight each other .
same starting tension without the potential social interaction implications and makes for a far more interesting story .
the tension of being forced to fight each other matched with the relief of somehow escaping that fate even if they have to fight their captors is narratively more satisfying than dragging players through combat the system itself is n't designed for .
take him to vegas one day early do vegas with him take him to a show etc .
next day get married have a fancy lunch or whatever and then put him on a plane to his mother and have adult time .
..made sucking dick the only source of food for the rest of your life ?
doctor strange avatar 2 black panther thor love thunder plenty more movies .
sonic fantastic beasts etc are out too not the biggest ever pullers but they 're still making .
in that case try taking sometimes to learn her viable team comp .
the way she works can be very confusing at first .
an electro on field battery who make her team do more burst damage while also do more burst damage herself after everyone else in the team have used their burst .
this make her one of the trickiest character to use to full potential as she needs a properly built team to even function .
xiao hu tao ayaka who can works fine solo with just copium unleveled supports .
she is unlike other supports who can be slotted into any team and will see instant improvement .
here 's the newsletter from the beginning of april .
finally in terms of delivery news we had a few setbacks this month .
it seems the trucking shortage in usa/canada is n't fully resolved as we are still waiting on overland transit for both bullet and sakura arms .
we did get a delivery date though—they should reach asmodee by the middle of the month then reach us shortly afterward .
we hope to post shipping notices by the end of april .
the covid lockdowns in shanghai also affected the loading of empyreal onto ocean freight .
we are waiting a little longer to understand the full ramifications of this delay but we 'll let you know as soon as we know .
also one of the team members in the discord mentioned there will be an update soon .
as an italian it has to be carlton second .
chose freo because we had the italian colours in our flag original and my nonni telling me about their business in fremantle living in fremantle and their boat docking in freo .
love to see all the love we are getting as a second team
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
i am going to ask my re about both .
we still have a ways to go before next transfer doing another retrieval round now and then two months depot lupron before transfer .
trying to gather all the info the can in the meantime !
can i contact you to optimize this things pls i do n't know about these things
you wildly deviated from absolutely all genre precedent and expectation with what appears to be zero communication .
your players reacted in what we would be the completely appropriate response in 99 of media that portrays goblins .
that 's like wondering why they did n't use the big red barrels with x 's and skulls on them to put out the fire .
yeah that might be a water barrel in your setting but every other time your players have seen it it explodes .
only one ten fold and one double steel is usable per weapon and do not stack .
meaning you can not ten fold steel over a double steel .
you have to apply one to one upgrade and one to another .
anything else would simply waste in and the upgrade .
but doing iron double steel 10 fold steel would result in no effect for the 10 fold steel .
why do n't you forward or print out your post and hand it to him ?
men are n't mind readers and more than likely be open to changing things up so you can finish first .
race for the galaxy spirit island through the ages slay the spire xcom/2 civ 6 star realms shards of infinity door kickers action squad ... .
no i think they said that person would get heart and prion diseases because that 's the sort of shit that happens when you 're okay with eating the rotting corpse of an animal that lived in its own filth and ate trash .
maybe making animals live like this so that we can eat them and get heart and brain diseases is bad actually .
but i guess it 's only animal abuse when you do it it to a heckin good doggo
i would install a long track for room divider curtains .
they are super long and are excellent for creating separation in a space .
in your case i would create a continuous solid wall '' using a room divider .
you could keep the curtains drawn back most times ... . since that 's a traffic area and you 're always getting in or out of one of those doors .
but ... . when you want to sit down to enjoy a nice dinner or simply when you need some calmness ... . you now have the choice to close the curtains ... . thereby hiding the doors ... . and your space looks less busy .
buy the drapes in same shade as the wall or the white trim .
if you 're not wanting to install anything '' ... . then go to amazon ... and find an awesome multi panel room divider .
with that you can fold it store it away ... take it out when you want .
good effect on the photo it turned out really nice !
this reminds me of darkseid in the harley quinn show when 's he likes darkseid is ... ... leaving and just dips thru a boom tube
i am experiencing the same but been about 18hrs of waiting
right that guys comment has been regurgitated for years on here lol
is everyone in this sub ok with this kind of post ?
if the consensus is that this is more of an i-5 corridor sub i 'll see myself out .
calcification on the costal cartilage cholecystectomy clips and a lumbar fusion hint toward an older patient .
is there another trusted adult y'all can have babysit ?
this is a tough situation all around because it 's not gon na end while she 's allowed so much access to lo but then she 's making los diagnosis worse .
also if you are able to cut jnmil out she seems the type to sue for gpr 's and being around lo so much she 'd most likely win visitation so i 'd check on those laws and start documenting in case she does .
i would n't say they 're too small ... ..
in fact at home your entire body should be uncovered .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i found a similar book writings and utterances of 'abdu'l-bahá '' only 1,386 pages !
girls want all of this while wearing a georgian era dress .
it can be difficult to get details from people about the world building and arch of a series .
make the entire thing out of glazed terracotta and the arrow one at that
completely harmless and actually highly beneficial because they eat potentially harmful mold and other microorganisms
i 'm actually working at our lab 's hiv/hep bench at the moment .
i 'll admit i also had some anxiety about working with the specimens but as long as you 're diligent with ppe and are n't carelessly splashing things around all you can really do is try to not stress about it constantly .
i 've seen a good amount of uhhh carelessness around the lab big reference lab.. but i 'm always strict with safety protocols since i 'm very aware of the dangers of my bench .
it 's been almost 2 years since i 've been here but i still get hyper-focused and get anxiety sweats when i have to run the confirmation tests for the positive hivs .
so to me it 's totally normal to be anxious about it .
i 'm more concerned by some of my coworkers that seem to not care about touching their face with gloves still on or not wearing face shields .
personally creeper/hosts are the most versatile with more potential with right control same goes with 2 broodbrothers .
broodbrothers is such a good prestige because they can easily hand most brutal with primal leaders and with no armies .
sc2 gameplay is fine for pvp though there have been some bad eras of the game when it came to balance .
but the campaign ca n't hold a candle to the original bw .
they do n't need a plan because there will always be someone to accept their shitty jobs
as a virginian who moved to colorado for two years and is currently back in virginia .
also i was an industry employee for a year .
colorado has a great model but it 's not perfect .
flash drive with 320 kbps mp3s in my car secondarily .
i signed up to be a google guide because one spot kept reporting their park so it would get removed .
we went back and forth for a while until i finally called in a favor from a buddy who works there and he escalated it internally .
i rarely am this petty but for our parks i pull out all the stops .
i would n't let my own family other than my fdh in the room while in labor .
probs in your fiancés court to be more firm with her and if she continues being rude maybe she needs a longer time out than two weeks .
i 'll only partially bitch and gatekeep but man i wish andy greenwald would made a documentary over his nothing feels good or at least update the book
sometimes i miss being with other people who i can have adult convos with but i am glad i am with my kid !
i think sometimes i will go back to the workforce part time down the road .
favorite thing is i see all of the milestones .
solid pickup gives special teams a needed speed boost .
let 's herbert focus more on giving monty a breather during games .
has tools some coaching could transform him to be a solid wr contributer .
but i personally do n't think daniel is leaving just yet .
i do n't know 275 yellow solo gate orbs is a little op .
lenses are usually left foggy afterward as scar tissue does not play nice with the optically smooth surface needed for a good lens
do i drop whitlock to grab houser or should i hang tight for the ratio help and the potential move back to the bullpen ?
current rotation is scherzer alcantara webb ray kershaw woodruff and rogers .
personally i dont find db boring or the funneling strat boring to watch but i do think it would be more exciting and not the worst idea if db gets changed design wise a little to encourage everyone on a team to take shots .
my opinion changed a lil from being slightly more annoyed at the idea of changing db because more time has passed i guess .
changing games up to make them fresher as time goes on isnt such a bad idea !
also will encourage new strategies to form and i love watching players and teams strategize and figure out whats works
hemp is very useful but it does not have the chemical structure to heal disease like cannabis .
i just said the same thing i 've said a lot of times before to you .
you for some reason even scrolled back to reply to an older reply for the second time .
look if you 're successful you 're obviously a shrewd decision maker .
not sure how much savings you have or again what type of gambling but look that should translate to a boring profitable and steady entrepreneurial venture .
i would love to be where you are financially .
unfortunately covid has left me straight broke from being unable to work .
the point is use your savings to reinvest in yourself .
use it to go to school or seed money for a self employed business .
i get around 14k with no buffs and only her charged attack and no vap or melt .
keep using bad 5 star artfacts in the artifact strongbox for it .
i get around 34k charged vap sometimes with no bennet or other buffers .
first level her up the ln her talents to as much as you can .
on the process if you get 5 star artifacts which are bad put it in artifact strongbox .
and i do n't suggest to ever farm crimson witch unless you do n't have anybody else to build or want to lose sanity .
who is feeding jason this bullshit info about what is or is n't safe for kaylen and baby ?
he does n't seem the type to go and do his own research ...
this makes me want to start drilling for oil just to spite them
for a sincere answer sticking to player characters it 's a tossup on any given day between lolk sanae and wbawc marisa .
member when we were supposed to use logarithmic charts so our bubble looked more normal ?
paying her wage for the time she is not there .
can you send a picture of it ? the pic of the monitor
drive it for a good while before mucking with the car then you will know if any mech mods you make are an actual improvement ?
tbh if you then find you wanted something quicker/noisier/lower/sharper looking etc then just maybe a gti would have been a better bet ?
please do n't be offended but i 'm a factory person and a boring old fart to boot so whatever you get up to have fun it 's a beauty !
i wan na fucking do that but it looks so painful when you fall on your back
i guess it 's good i fly out of fll
i assume based on the grammar she 's from maryland .
yeah just ddu the shit out of the system and install the old one .
if all you do is buy nanuk cases i can get that price range miss me buying a 300 case more than once lul
still remember the planetarium and the stone dinosaur statues were awesome .
okay so i 'd say either the arizer solo 2/air 2 for your price budget .
i have the arizer air 2 roffu and davinci iqs .
the arizer is easy to clean tastes the best and cleanest .
and the vapor production is alright better if you get yourself a water pipe adapter for a bong .
they are all portable the others are more expensive .
up until recently when diesel is through the roof .
we 've got a 2014 tdi jsw it 's been real comfortable and mostly reliable without needing much work .
though it did just throw an egr code because of a blocked heater core .
the panoramic sunroof is nice but the drains can clog and cause leaking which is an issue that shows up here often enough with all the panoramic roofs .
needed to get a couple new tires and a balance and have heard repeatedly from the couple shops i visit that they only ever see the tdi wagons for minor work like brakes and fluid changes and so far that tracks with our experiences .
i dont think that hand vs slime was an angle but yes the needling is ridiculous
i 'm genuinely concerned about the amount of people on the comments that are saying what 's wrong with what he 's doing ? or that 's what they get for walking around on their phones !
my low point after starting trt day before my injection put me around 600 .
took a coupe of weeks off before the next time i got my blood work done and my low point was 767 .
but my anecdotal experience showed about a 28 increase by not drinking .
i hate how the dude trails off at the end like he 's scared of getting his attention .
this ai n't the 80s homie he 's not gon na come down and hit the stossel special lol
its literally not possible for someone to be a peacekeeper and follow the way of the leaf .
the entire point is they will peacekeep '' with their spears lol
you just specified that people from the hood have low intelligence ... ... ...
i mean he sucks so i do n't know what he 's expecting to find out there .
your question has arrived to the mod queue and are awaiting for handling .
for any questions that require simple answers of a few sentences any summoning or empowering please post it in the faq here https www.reddit.com/r/dragoncity/comments/npfpvu/dragon_city_subreddit_faq_basic_questions
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dragoncity if you have any questions or concerns .
i had was an abnormally high level of vitamin b12 .
a top liver specialist at university of mn did multiple tests to determine a cause and her conclusion was that my body was creating vitamin b12 due to my methane sibo imo .
i was told it is nothing to worry about .
oh cool hopefully that fixes it and thanks i 'd appreciate the update actually i 've taken the back off myself and tried some troubleshooting and if by some miracle i manage to fix it i 'll definitely post a reply .
for instance today i found a method that has had some success with other samsung models with the same problem where after disconnecting the power you apply tape to specific pins on the ribbon that connects to the main board most have 2 ribbons that connect but mine only has one ?
unfortunately tho while it did stop the power cycling i did n't have any picture just sound .
here 's a video on it if you 're curious https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=e6gkutp7lt0 t=946s https youtu.be/aofacr3t6ag
im an idiot i forgot to list what system .
my roth account that i get 5 matched to .
i put in 15 every check despite struggling already because i know that i can make it right now and future me is going to be thankful that i saved up so much .
it 's ridiculously easy to set up and to manage .
everything is automated and i thought that saving for my retirement was going to be a lot worse than this .
she was a gemini and i did not know that was her birthstone !
i wear it on my neck 24/7 except when showering .
i was only lucky enough because i spent some time in japan for highschool student exchange !
i would love a t shirt or something but the resale is so expensive i ca n't justify the cost 🥺
so from whenceforth does the unequal condemnation of the soviets flow from ?
very good chance of three more senators from just replicating their last election vote in the senate .
this will give them the balance in the senate .
greens independents and minority parties have a chance of holding the balance since labor 's primary in yesterdays poll was around 38 from memory .
the other option is labor and the liberals to form a king coalition .
under this circumstance they will have no problem with ripping up new coal and gas reserves and getting it burnt .
they would have an iron fist control over both houses .
plus kenjaku seems to switch bodies at least partially for stronger cts why would it matter for yuta who can just copy everyone 's cts anyway ?
seems like he already has all the benefits of kenjakus power without the drawbacks .
yeah until someone drops a lego and you step on it ...
heart shaped box by joe hill was a lot more engaging than i expected .
a ghost story with revenge and a not so nice protagonist that evolved .
this is just what happens when you get a flip reset and spam the dodge button
cutting down the tree and decorating it is against the bible .
and what do we put on top of the decorated tree ?
kind of weird that christmas falls on the solar festivities of the pagans and that christmas culture not only goes against the bible but also imitates the sun worshippers .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm going to be the mother in the bunch and say this make sure you hydrate !
when crammed together in a crowd things can get heated literally .
also if you are close enough to the stage wear proper ear protection .
the ringing in your ears the next day really sucks not to mention any possible permanent damage if you decide to do more concerts over time .
if you 're on the floor and will be standing all night might as well wear some good shoes .
i put inserts into my boots for extra cushion .
if people start moshing which honestly i do n't see too often outside of metal concerts whether you like it or not just be extra aware of your surroundings and conscious of others .
concerts are great for getting energy out and letting loose .
i thought we picked up greg monroe to help with our rebounding issues but then we did n't play him until forced to .
pat bev goes on streaks where he 's amazing but then once he goes cold he does n't want to stop forcing it himself .
it 'll be really difficult to have him come off the bench but his inconsistent playmaking ability is partially why our first team often stagnated .
although he contributes a lot in other ways so this one 's tricky .
i 'd like to see it played around with more maybe we 'll pick up someone this offseason that shakes up the roster a bit and it 'll be more natural for beverley to come off the bench .
i thought jaden was starting part way through the season and then did n't get it back after the injury i wish they 'd have started him he was looking really good towards the end of the season .
also wish there were more plays but i wonder how often they just get changed for isos by the players .
lots to think about this summer and it 'll be interesting to revisit these thoughts by the end of the offseason when we have an updated roster !
but watch out for the cheesy wolf warriors come to free the world from the evil usa
i trained in the south and for parts of the country i feel the shift off manual labor is what is killing these kids .
i 'd see it all the time they 'd be eating farmer meals yet all they do is go to school and play video games .
of course they weight 140 lbs as a third grader you 're feeding the kids 5000 calories a day .
this is what i 'm worried about what happens when my kid does n't want to listen to what we say .
my parents would smack me around and degrade me when they thought i was misbehaving .
there 's a much better way of handling a child 's behavior and their thought processes than what my parents decided to do .
i 'm finding a much different way but i 'm always worried about my small human not being raised good enough
2nd grade was probably my best year socially until about 12th grade .
okay so the black book and the 1600.io https 1600.io books but i can only afford one book right now .
which one is the best to get if i can only get one book ?
also i am fine with any book as long as it 's entertaining .
i 've been playing it non stop since january it 's really fun to play solo or with friends .
if this works can we expect nato members to do the same ?
as an indian child growing up in the 90s the other kids would make fun of me for being indian and would call me apu .
despite not having an accent people would try to mock me by repeating what i said in an apu accent .
it 's hard being a child that is different .
apu eventually evolved into the character we know today who i know love and respect .
the simpsons is still one of my favorite tv shows and i think the big switch that happens to most men is when they stop identifying with bart and start to identify with homer .
hari kondabolu is a dick though and excluding bollywood is probably the most annoying indian guy to have any level celebrity in history .
the tea is colder then you expacted roll a constitution saving throw
my streaming problems disappeared after upgrading to a good 3.1 modem .
if you 're still on 3.0 make the switch .
i am all for people not getting vaccinated free choice and all but dont go to hospital if you get severely ill from one of those diseases .
yeah but i do n't see x23 posessed by any demonic spirit or in any way magical
do you like this data feed ? for live feeds subscribe to optionanalytics from our website www.marketsecrets.in
only the tm3p has the m340i beaten for 0-60 .
op did n't say but i 'm guessing he is looking at the m3p but i could be wrong .
i guess pricing would be closer to the awd model though .
i didnt say the m340i would be more reliable ?
you said plus reliability issues '' for the tesla so i assumed that was compared to the bmw .
i seem to have a good one in my area but still it 's more like a mainstream dealer than a luxury dealer like bmw .
i bought my qx60 5 months before my tesla .
my qx60 dealer is less than a mile from the tesla dealer .
the qx60 is in all the time for oil changes recalls and repairs on various things .
so far a fan an entire brake system recall and sticky rear hatch and 8 oil changes and services .
i ca n't think of a single thing they could do better .
they have me sorted and in a loaner in under 5 minutes every time .
so far just to install a piece of hardware that had to be installed once it was released hw3 self driving computer a minor window controller issue and a failed camera .
it 's a no frills operation but very efficient in that they already know what 's wrong with the car so there is n't much to talk about .
you can just drop your car off in the parking lot the night before if you want .
still you have to wait 2 weeks for an appointment which could be bad if it was something more serious than i have .
they throw 900 of uber credits at you and rarely have loaners .
still i 've been riding uber for free mostly even with just a few visits .
i 've had acura 's lincolns lexus infiniti bmw etc .
of all those i 'd take the tesla model but i 'm sure my tune might change if i had something urgent or if uber credits did n't work for me .
i love talking to the repair tech via the app rather than phone calls .
i like that i do n't have to explain what is wrong or show them .
she looks a bit like bernadette from big bang theory
what do you expect when anatoly the ceo of solana himself says it does n't really matte if the network goes down .
on top of the lying about their tps un-scalable design and investors laughing about how they plan to dump on retail i can see how anyone could support this chain in its current state .
he did n't have a point his post a big ‘ol ad hominem .
lol that 's just a black and white photo of becky from accounting
she was happy with your risky choice to pick her .
there 's also been a scam to get people to buy/trade in for iraqi currency for years iirc
as a 36m i would n't date someone under 25 but if the chemistry is there .
i do not care what you say about my mother .
but trust me if you actually attempt to do something to my mother even though she 's made some bad decisions in the past that we still need to work through i will personally call the police on you and i 'll be laughing as your mugshot is shown on tv .
the point of your entire existence seems to be to just tease other people .
well i believe your jokes are in bad taste and you should cease and desist digging through the dregs left at the bottom of the joke barrel you could get a splinter whose pain will be significantly increased by the significantly high amount of salt you carry in your bloodstream .
thank you and let us cease talking about each other 's parents .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
either way that 's the reason i have both apps .
too bad we do n't have a 3rd or 4th choice where i 'm at .
will tractors generally react to howitzers in the wild like they do to tanks ?
i have heard tractors have a instinctual herding instinct with tanks so just curious .
i am 29 married and i need a good little whore like you
my grandpa because i would miss him if he died in the zombie apocalypse and i really need to invite him over for dinner more
this foreigner has been violently treated in china because he refused to take covid-19 test
obviously it is the foreigner here who is unreasonably behaving violently with the public health officials whose job it is to protect a country of 1.4 billion people from a deadly virus responding relatively gently to his attacks .
by contrast us police routinely treat both citizens and foreigners who pose no danger with actual often lethal violence .
the recent police murder of patrick lyoya a 26-year-old congolese man who fled to the us as a refugee and only spoke swahili is a case in point .
as the world socialist web site wsws reports in grand rapids law enforcement releases name of officer who murdered patrick lyoya https www.wsws.org/en/articles/2022/04/27/enef-a27.html ''
lyoya was unarmed and the videos show that at no point did he verbally threaten or strike officer christopher schurr with his hands or anything else .
an independent autopsy conducted by noted forensic pathologist dr. werner spitz and released on april 19 confirmed that lyoya was killed instantly by a large-caliber bullet that was fired at the lower left of his head went up through his skull and lodged in his right temporal bone .
the autopsy by dr. spitz also showed that lyoya had no other injuries and is consistent with what is seen on the videos he was never a threat to schurr in any way .
your despicable post is both meant to discredit china 's zero covid policy which as the wsws details in the misunderstood—and misrepresented—zero covid policy in china https www.wsws.org/en/articles/2021/12/13/chin-d13.html '' has saved millions of lives and generally cultivate sinophobia .
fortunately it achieves the opposite and reveals just how barbaric the us and other western countries all police states whose let it rip '' covid policies have resulted in millions of deaths are in comparison to china .
dalot is asking a lot of questions of ddg today lol
this is a friendly reminder to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules .
memes social media hate-speech and pornography are not allowed .
screenshots of reddit submissions are expressly forbidden as are tiktok videos .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funny if you have any questions or concerns .
your pov of calling someone a liar for no good reason ?
i 've only ever liked bleu cheese on a burger and even then it 's only bearable .
steakhouse i worked in we had a regular who would order a ribeye 36 well done coated in bleu cheese .
i 'd think family guy would be more famous than providence .
also did n't fargo actually take place in minnesota ?
yo they lost that privilege when they painted butts on it .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotmoms if you have any questions or concerns .
your post has been removed for not being flaired as self promotion or being excessive self-promotion .
when self-promoting please make sure to do so reasonably and appropriately flaired .
if you think this was removed in error please contact us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/oculusquest .
literally earning money is done by helping people who need something .
if you then save the money that 's up to you .
progress is deflationary literally every improvement in everything makes everything more cost-effective to repeat in time .
we do n't stop consuming eating or paying for things when they get cheaper .
i 'd encourage you to read this book paper money collapse the folly of elastic money
it outlines a very well-supported argument that debunks your current understanding of money .
i also recommend understanding the ideas expressed in this book the price of tomorrow why deflation is the key to an abundant future
but then again people who know everything do n't need to read they can just insult others to prove their superiority .
but seriously if you want to know what you 're overlooking read both those books .
imma assuming the big spikes roun late 2021 is the oblock rico
your post was automatically removed because we want post titles to be more descriptive to make it easier for people to know if they might be able to help or not without opening each post .
side note before resubmitting if you have a recording of the actual song you can call the music recognition bot in our weekly thread https www.reddit.com/r/namethatsong/about/sticky ? num=2 this link might only work in a browser
please post with a title that fits one of these 3 options depending on your question
for identifying a song/artist/album please include at least one of these details in your title
era/year genre style artist type or name if you know music video information source name
note that the safest way to make sure your post is accepted is to include at least one of the relevant keywords with a colon lyrics source name music video etc .
if you know many of the details do n't overload the title only include the most important/unique details and put the rest inside the post .
90 's song by an alternative rock band male singer/s
ballad by a female singer sounds like it 's from the 80 's
music video where a guy is walking in the street towards the camera bittersweet symphony btw
meme video of a cat bobbing its head to a fast beat
please do n't put a url as the detail here
for identifying a genre you should use a format like
what 's the genre of the song ... by ... ?
what 's the sub-genre of this electronic background music ?
for locating an already identified song/album in a legal way you should use a format like
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/namethatsong if you have any questions or concerns .
right the purpose of legal tender '' in this regard is to prevent somebody from refusing a reasonable good-faith attempt to settle a debt .
like if you fix my roof and invoice me 5000 you ca n't take me to court just because i refuse to pay you in gold bars .
but if in advance you say i 'll fix your roof but only in exchange for gold bars '' and i agree to this we have that right .
the agreement in advance is important here and also why a business can refuse to take your money as long as they have n't already rendered the product or service .
because in near field viewing at that size and at that resolution the pixel density is low enough to where you can actually see the pixels .
the same size while viewing at the same distance it would be much harder to discern actual pixels on a display that has a much higher pixel density like 1440p over 1080p .
the same for almost all tvs at any resolution .
there is an optimal distance to where you stop seeing pixels but still have clarity .
for example for a 4k tv you can be 4 feet away for a 65 '' screen .
https www.sony.com/electronics/support/articles/00008601 it would virtually fill your view like a movie theater and would be the goal .
i would suggest applying filler primer first letting it dry then hitting it with the paint then light sand then last coat of paint for a smooth surface
the key to winning is you got ta punch the other guy like really hard .
i quit everyday after my 3 unas 2 raids and 2 chaos in every character i think i should start using the rest bonus
pick any year you like in last 100 years you could make a solid argument why things are dire yet life goes on .
do what you think is best but with evryone here going around like they are main veining the secret truth of the markets and can see where things are 'definitely ' going the old chestnut the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent
be a terrorist and kill civilians in foreign countries ! !
enlist now and you 'll get a free t-shirt that says i watched my brother in arms being burned alive while crawling out of the vehicle and the only thing that i 've got was this shirt and p¨tsd ''
i might be everyone thinks im 23 so yay for a wide dating pool
several drug programs provide services in the area to those who are unhoused and those with addiction and mental health issues .
the area is considered the center of the region 's opioid epidemic and was the site of a large homeless tent encampment that city officials removed in january .
last week after reports of five stabbings in three days the city closed off nearby atkinson street and a city-run center created to offer people food showers and referrals to social services .
lakers would give their left nut to trade westie for gobert
you 've been together for a month and already policing her food habits ?
she might not even know how to cook if she only buys premade food but you have n't been together for long enough .
if you cared you 'd invite her over for a cooked meal and maybe ask her to help you .
not make her feel bad about what she eats .
put it in front of a window for cat sunning perches .
just me and the cat spend maybe around a couple of hours each week just making sure things are sorted ?
once a month will have a hoover change the bed covers etc so maybe another 2-3 hours ?
nmum posts all the time about how accepting she is of lgbt people she loves drag queens etc .
but i came out as trans years ago and she 's still obsessed with telling me i was brainwashed by my childhood ex who according to her pretended to be gay because she could n't get a real '' boyfriend so she turned me into a pretend man instead obviously
as a fish biologist it 's unfortunately too much disbelief for me that i 'm not able to suspend i know for most people it 's probably not noticable but it really took me out of the moment .
well with 20 parts hopefully they cover more than just the poppy stuff
for when you do n't have a base jabber to use .
simple solution make one of the bosses a fremmenik exile .
in his shame he stole an ancient artifact from the clan when he left .
this artifact is a drop and can be attached to any fremmenik helm as an upgrade .
it literally can not be more ridiculous than bossy mcbossface .
this is probably the most oc post on this sub
when we include controls for member attributes in model 2 however the woman coefficient is effectively zero.
their own models do n't appear to align on misogyny if i understand this right .
and that control equation they used along with the coefficients ? i really do n't put much stock in their methodology there or in general with transcript characters .
there 's never been a time limit in our house .
if we ca n't get to it before the ants haul it away shame on us .
you can now just use one hand as is now need some thumb flexibility though
for that price i could build a fleet of them m
i use the rf 24-105 f4-7.1 i do n't have any ef camera to try a ef to rf adapter and see if that could be the issue .
it 's locked and only manager has key so really our install bay has a bathroom that is only used when the other restrooms are flooding or otherwise out of order .
it does n't benefit the install guys at all ... but bay was right next to other bathroom so at least close to them .
but also when bathrooms flooded bay got to smell it all day .
everything about it looks nice except for the zoroastrian symbol
hmm this is actually a good way to show her without it being too awkward thank you !
i 'll consider it but i 'm pretty persistent in getting one
buy one that is tall enough for them to stretch out while scratching !
you can find some that are 50ish on amazon and come up to about hip height.. your furniture will thank you later
no one is saying they 're the ah for the reaction it 's that they stayed watching or at least went back and continued making it an issue instead of sitting next to his wife .
to have seen that means they watched well after knowing they could n't handle it .
your derm should have stressed the importance of waiting and if they did you should have listened .
as a fellow tattoo enthusiast who also had two massive tattoos planned that i had to postpone due to accutane i know it 's difficult to wait to get a tattoo but taking the chance that it wo n't turn out or will scar is just silliness .
you took a gamble that this tattoo could have scarred and become unreadable and would have then been a waste of money and time .
definitely talk to the artist about doing a touch up for after you 're off accutane and have waited at least 6 months .
explain to the artist that you need to wait that long due to this medication and also be honest and let them know that this may be due to your own negligence and not letting them know you were on accutane .
many artists especially good ones who care about the quality of their work and their reputation will not tattoo you if you are on or have recently been on accutane .
i 'm sorry if this is hard to hear or feels harsh but if it 's something you want to turn out you 'll need to wait to get it touched up .
the levels between sydnee and justin are wildly different .
i can barely hear what he 's saying sometimes but do n't have any problems on mbmbam or taz .
i do n't have the whole quote in front of me but i was re-reading guards guards a few years ago and the 'grand master ' was looking at the bretheren and said ... oh heck i 'm looking up the quote it really needs to be in its entirety but incompetents with possibilities nevertheless .
let the other societies take the skilled the hopefuls the ambitious the self-confident .
he 'd take the whining resentful ones the ones with a bellyful of spite and bile the ones who knew they could make it big if only they 'd been given the chance .
give him the ones in which the floods of venom and vindictiveness were dammed up behind thin walls of ineptitude and low-grade paranoia .
they 've all sworn the oath he thought but not a man jack of 'em has even asked what a figgin is .
if that does n't sum up a certain segment of recent society i do n't know what does .
now when 2042 is live many see how good this game is and how better it could have been if the game received more content .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
if they expect women to look like this in the future i am quitting this world .
shitposts is a very important part of this sub now mainly because we are all smooth brain but also if the shitpost is funny we can assure ourselves that all the hard work will putting in the map will pay off by getting upvotes and become a big post
all they do is complain while sitting on their mansion crying about security and more money .
my bad i missed that this bit was about generalities not specific to this trial .
that 's literally one of the fucking united australia party ads lmao its perfect to use on 'em .
good shoes good technique and building yourself up to it are 3 vital things .
i thought i 've been running since i could walk i do n't need to learn it but there are things you can do small adjustments to reduce impact and drag '' .
btw 6mph is a pace of 6:13 and is quite fast .
at that point you should consider just getting it done in mx or central america if you want to of course .
your dog ought to be rewarded tremendously for peeing outside part of being house-trained obviously !
so immediately after pup has peed or pooped praise and reward them with tiny treats or a toy that they love .
do it immediately to distract them so they ca n't practice the tantrum '' .
those ignorant people really think we are really being banned from the whole internet .
this guy loves mr ea so much he probably has sores on his hands and knees .
9 1/2 or 10 depending on the shoe uk size
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jerkofftoceleb if you have any questions or concerns .
you used the item 'swiss army polearm ' and did 7 extra order damage .
one time i was ingame and the song you get when opening the map was playing then i get news that my beloved cat got driven over and killed in a bloody mess .
i can not think of anything else when hearing that song .
if your car does n't break on impact you do large crumple zones and easily crushable cars are a good thing
lol as soon as it crashes i bet i 'll finally get a platinum box.😤☹️ i 'm on like box 50 ish😤😩
what if he 's an expat living in a different country from his local club
my mother is in her mid-60 's and grew up in malden/everett/revere with a thick accent .
she started to work really hard to drop it around the time that i was born .
i know people around here with some thick accents however hers is definitely over exaggerated .
i have n't watched this in over 20 years and it was never one of my favorites but damn those turtles still look great
i can see no reason why a teacher who is responsible for innoculating a generation against awful propaganda should be paid less than a rent-seeking scrounger whose job is to keep peoples savings safe and spends their time gambling them .
i was a security guard for a while when i was younger i 'd add burglars to that list too !
well fascism is a marxism derived line of thought so it should n't be that surprising that you would have heard it from certain people who wear red armbands
when i had circle cards they fit perfectly in the ultra platinum 3 x 3 pockets !
unfortunately i do n't have any pictures of the ccs in the binder but i do have pictures of them in the sleeves https imgur.com/a/ki0onub ultra pro sleeves that fit the pockets perfectly .
if your post uses an everyone demographic please remember to ensure that your survey really is for anyone and everyone .
certain questions or lack of answers may restrict who can answer like asking for a specific state restricting answers to the us or your gender options being only male or female .
additionally please keep the comments about the survey posted whether talking about content of the survey giving constructive criticism or talking about concerns for the survey in general .
please remember to be civil among other things and do not post your survey in the comments of this post .
users sharing their surveys in an unsolicited fashion who are not authorized by mods and not op to advertise their surveys in the comments of others ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
glad to hear you 're taking the right steps in cutting them off !
fuck them for everything they did to you ... your biggest priority in life is to look after yourself .
my aunt uncle and cousins were all narcissistic knobs and cutting them out of my life entirely was amazing !
you might wonder if you made the right choice but the more time you spend away from their endless bullshit the more you realise just how good a decision it was .
whatttt i do this tooo how is this creepy omg
it 's a wave but i think you know that .
anybody who thinks that it 's too much trouble to be courteous and wave/smile at a neighbor is a douche .
portland still a mess but more 🌳 dispensaries than liquor stores ✌️
'' but i do n't want to ramble on too much ''
plus her signature '' cake that not one of her friends has ever had before ?
my point was about the choice to offer 45 min and 30min lessons in addition to the compulsory 60min lesson .
therefore op does not need to feel bad about booking 45min lessons .
some teachers do n't offer these shorter sessions and only offer 60 min lessons .
maybe op can be all the more assured then that his teacher may possibly prefer the 45min lessons if like you say it 's compulsory to offer 60min .
and look where port went post trade got good quality youngsters and got to 2 prelims
i thought about that but i feel they would n't have the throwing power to lob the larger bottles any considerable distance nor with any accuracy plus they go down a lot easier when sniped .
could potentially supply them with multiple bottles but the larger and stronger fans may just muscle in on their supply .
this would cause people trying to get as many children and elderly into their side as possible as both cannon fodder and for the extra ammunition .
my first thought was legs '' but then obviously cars and public transport also factor in to the equation .
i can send it to you in a dm if you want
you mean it pressures you into answering a question honestly .
next time just say that instead of copy/pasting some copout
aus rationaler sicht sollte man immer so wenig exposure wie möglich zum eigenen ag haben .
es kann sogar sinnvoll sein die eigene branche bewusst aus dem depot auszuschließen .
das scheitert dann meistens an der praktischen umsetzung und ist den aufwand auch eher nicht wert .
trotzdem sollte es dabei das ziel sein die ag-aktien so schnell wie möglich wieder loszuwerden .
angenommen du müsstest die aktien zwei jahre halten dann würdest du mit deinem 15 rabatt bei einer dicount-rate von ca .
ob sich das rechnet und es dir das risiko wert ist kann man pauschal nicht sagen .
no it 's not and here 's a list of the reasons why ...
did n't lenin literally invade and annex ukraine in 1919 lol ?
this is literally the equivalent of brutally beating the shit out of someone and sending them to the hospital afterwards lmao .
dann zieren sich auch die wenigsten zumindest in den touristen gegenden .
deren englisch ist dann mangels übung meistens auch nicht das beste aber es funktioniert meistens irgendwie .
another one dealing with the horrors of soviet deportation would be chronicles of melanie https www.imdb.com/title/tt5541426 .
i 'd much rather be unhooked without bt than go on the second stage/die on the hook .
also as a killer main i never hit the person off hook unless they run straight into my face .
submissions must be direct links to images on a whitelisted host .
if you are having trouble posting please contact mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/suctiondildos if you have any questions or concerns .
because this propaganda is in my feed i know the floor for this bear market is n't in .
truely feel spoilt having towie in the u.k. where they say filmed monday and it aired wednesday then filmed wednesday thursday and that air sunday .
got to see reactions from fans and act on shady tweets cast members bitching in scenes got confronted .
yeh thousands of them buried under the surface of a planet fully staffed with each one having the capability of destroying planets but for some reason they ca n't fly straight up unless they have a separate tower telling them which way up is .
ones an excellent game and one that spurred an entire genre of game .
the other is an unbalanced mess that was only successful because blizzard capitalized off of people cosplaying .
never mind people projecting personalitys on character with no real storys but hey you dipwads love gimmicks .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions seeking a correct or definite answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 5 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_5 rhetorical and loaded questions in which you are asserting an opinion bias or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion are not allowed on askreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
why was a swiss person even discussing thanksgiving in europe were all very confused why its such a big deal
whether you like it or not this falls at her feet .
i hesitate to direct anyone outside of winker reddit but this is addictive to me .
what a fucking moron who gives a fuck about bodily autonomy take a fucking test against your will you nazi
your engine does n't go kaboom '' just because there 's a recall .
but that's.. that 's definitely what you wrote right ?
i 'm double checking and yep you expect us to address your complaint when we have literally no idea what you 're talking about .
also if your vehicle got to 129k you are and i ca n't stress this enough leagues ahead of mitsubishi .
i doubt that since you 're driving a 2017 vehicle .
i assume you mean 129 thousand miles or kilometers .
just curious did you flag this post as nsfw because you wrote fking '' or is it because you think this is edgier and better than the rest of the posts here ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thick if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not a safe space because men come here to gaslight and just say more redpill shit and play the victim ! !
oh i guess women just like men with muscles i guess i got ta be the bad guy to get women why do n't women like me i guess i got ta have money to get women ... then they act like they do n't understand where they 're still seeming red pill-ish ... .
but really are being argumentative and defensive when we explain it no matter how many people/women explain it they just repeat the same wrong shit over and over ...
staking probably wo n't make you rich unless you have a ton already invested but it 's better than nothing .
also if your coin goes up then the fact you were staking becomes more lucrative
a small amount of titanium dioxide in m340 causes the glaze to turn blue/pastel instead which actually looks great .
i got to hiit 5 days a week since having my 3 year old .
i eat super clean my whole body is very toned my body fat is less than it was before kids i work my butt off in the gym and in the kitchen .
i 'm happy with my body because i know i 'm stronger than i 've ever been .
that being said i still have my mommy pooch .
it 's definitely shrunk way down but that loose skin that i have i think is just part of my body after kids .
that said kids do pretty well at the beach .
plop them in the sand with some sand buckets and rakes and they tend to entertain themselves .
i 've also had sleepovers with a friend 's kids to give her a break as they drive themselves up a wall .
mas prio po nila ang waitlisted kysa sa recon .
ang waitlisted po kc pasado na un lng po nid lng mag antay ng slot .
once na magkaroon ng available slot iaaccept na nila ung mga nasa waiting list .
so if you are a waitlisted there 's no nid to send a recon letter kc po pra sa mga hndi po pumasa lng un .
esh you for not telling him both of you for never talking about kids before getting engaged
now guns are designed to kill and they are dangerous .
but motorcycles allow our freedom to come and go at a cheap price .
the same way guns allow protection at a cheap price .
if i am late with my bike will be there in one minute .
again with a gun i can protect my family inside my home .
if i had to wait for the police we might be dead or physically abused by then considering that i had the time to call the police at all .
traffic kills more than guns in the us and we still allow it because it is a vital part of our right to come and go .
not sure that 's possible or an easy install if it is .
had it randomly running through mine yesterday morning while cleaning the garage !
ooof ever had to pee so bad you get a headache but forgot to pee ?
i see these stickers on gas pumps all the time
this feels uncomfortably accurate as the us slowly slips into an authoritarian theocracy .
religion is regarded by the common people as true by the wise as false and by rulers as useful . ''
it 's ok to breathe solely out of your mouth and leave knuckle marks in the sand as you 're walking on the beach .
guild dark realm ... join and enjoy the stay ! ! ! ! !
currently top 70 guild 29/30 should be higher once we are filled
apply and enjoy spending time with a good group of folks .
and get a great experience out of this game ! ! ! ! !
we have two guilds in a common chat so its always fun and active and we do n't poach .
semi competitive hit gw daily .looking for semi-competitive players who enjoys hanging out and building internally.must log-in guild and contribute to guild daily.enjoy your time with us ! !
we are a close team consisted of good and relax people who play competitively but avoid putting pressure on players.must have at least one decent team for gvg guild set up.account level 120 or higher preferred .
i called the school and they also said the same thing !
i would love to rp with you i love the second one lol i would love for my small dick son to watch his mom get fucked hard by u
well something else to consider is can the world government send enough people to hold all those pirates two emperors over 1000 's of pirates with permanent zoan smile powers king queen the all stars i mean even though they have been beaten now by the time the government can send enough people there they might be able to fight again not top gear but enough to be a problem for the government there is also the fact king has been hunted by the government for a long time i hope they do n't get him at least also there are those beast pirates that owe their lives to chopper and who where turned into allies by the little girls powers so maybe they will be another part of the strawhats fleet i do n't know but maybe though orochi i hope just dies .
in all seriousness much like with crt and do n't say gay there is n't a lot of nuanced discussion about what actually constitutes murder .
is there any statistical power behind any of these decisions ?
democrats are almost too busy being right '' to see we have to make having the facts on our side fucking count .
what 's the logic behind 212121 '' for greece and 221225 '' for thailand ?
it 's making downtown almost livable which is a borderline miracle .
its magtech i got for 23 for 500 at my lgs so its even better lol
100 garaunteed until 1325 and then you can supplement with event books until 1340 .
you 'll gain a ton of card pack from south vern and most importantly ... weekly oreha gold .
i 'm sure your boyfriend is sweet and means no harm but his behaviour is embarrassing for everyone he need to stop 😬
even if they only bought 8 that is a lot of homes .
if it 's a spam account or it 's not op please send a message to the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgonewild18 and tell us !
hey u/fairysvirgo keep in mind that r/gonewild18 it 's for self posters only your account it 's not verified yet .
you might post but you will receive this message and a not verified flag .
follow the verification process https www.reddit.com/r/gonewild18/wiki/verification to avoid this message in the future ! !
take a look and subscribe to the next amazing subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild18 if you have any questions or concerns .
also it sounds like the husband works full time and also does childcare and has agreed to hire help even though the whole point of having a stay at home parent is to not need hired help ... so what exactly is he doing wrong ?
it seems like lw is burnt out and is bitter her husband has n't picked up on that ... but also has n't communicated it to him ?
i like to think of him as a knowledge domain cleric with a multiclass into goolock with pact of the blade .
mostly because you can reflavor the channel divinity to learn temporary proficiencies as switching to the personality that knows how to use the tool in question .
goolock meanwhile can use telepathy and pull weapons out of nowhere with his suit being armor of shadows .
you literally did u deleted ur comment so i could n't see it 😭
you are gon na regret it for a long time if you go to this science meeting .
hand them the book insignificant events in the life of a cactus.
i think it 's a bit of all the above .
i do want the girl to like me without the status .
i also have some shame associated with it partly because with certain people it makes them uncomfortable and they react in an insecure way i end up feeling guilty that i am better than them in this one specific area .
if i ask what school you went to and then i tell you i went to harvard .
i should probably give less fucks but also i need to try to calibrate my conversations a bit more based on the situation .
i think they made a bunch of stories on what he could be but not definitively place him as one
everyone in elementary school said not to go into the woods because diaper man was back there .
a kid even claimed he saw diaper man and we thought he was full of shit .
many years later upon a visit back home i met up with some old friends and we decided to go have a smoke in the woods .
we first noticed there were adult diapers tossed into the woods about 5 to 10 feet off the trail .
a full grown adult man in an adult diaper .
this time as a fit adult on a run i chased after him .
he is a mentally handicapped man who lives in a half way home in the adjacent neighborhood .
i guess he has been going into the woods to get rid of his diapers for like 40 years .
man crazy how people ca n't wrap their heads around something that goes against their worldview .
for my store it would probably be me getting overly excited .
i saw a bunny once and i started jumping up and down when i got back in side it was a curbside
the story seems to run with ritsuka having some desperate hope they 'll be able to save the real world '' if they blow up the lostbelts .
you 'll have to wait for the ending of part 2 to see the resolution to this if you have n't noticed the overarching plot moves rather slowly .
for gerda it does seem to be a bit of a holding on to their humanity '' thing .
like even if she 's gon na die anyway letting a giant murder her is a tad traumatizing .
and she is going to die anyway she has like 10 years to live even without the cosmos denial .
just like there are a lot of women in support of this court decision .
if this decision does not unite everyone left of the alt-right or at least left of usa political center nothing will .
this quote from alito tells us what liberties they are going after next
we hold that roe and casey must be overruled .
the constitution makes no reference to abortion and no such right is implicitly protected by any constitutional provision ... .
equal rights anti-discrimination are squarely reversible with this logic .
states have shown they are not going to protect these rights without federal support .
when your turning memes into powerpoint presentations to prove your point you have failed to make an argument and make me want to choke on my own tongue .
there 's a difference between pursuing and can i see your boobs ? ? ''
is n't that the ride that one lady had sex with and would rub it 's lubricant all over herself ?
just start digging in the dirt in the mines .
i found 4 on a good luck day on floor 80 after looking for 2 years it was my last item i needed .
mine was really swollen for a few days after .
it was also sore to talk for a couple days .
it 's been years but i do remember bumping it on my teeth and that making the pain worse but it did n't last .
it healed pretty quick so might be worth trying it and seeing how it goes .
it means if a 10 year old gets raped she is going to be forced to give birth to it
nani might suit for the boy next door aspect but not for the veerudu aspect
nothing to be salty when we really did smashed them this time .
idk i 'm pretty sure chimps mostly fight by grappling and biting not so much punching .
i remeber reading apes ca n't really punch that hard besides humans .
i still think francis could catch one and choke it out .
btw i can literally tell you are typing this from a savannah woodland but do n't worry i 'm not chimpophobic .
thank you i 'm glad you find it interesting i was n't really planning to document all of this but i think it 's helping to write it in a place where others understand .
i really do like to think that after all of this exhaustion maybe i can expand my small world to be a bit bigger .
i feel like i 'm going back and forth between being exhausted and being terrified .
or both until i can barely stay awake and need to sleep .
i mean eventually i 'll have to push myself to leave the house but i 'm questioning if that 's really a good idea when i 'm constantly stressed and tired ... idk .
it 's hard to write down my thoughts lately because they 're so jumbled .
just field grade stuff but anything whole is always nice .
i also googled it and learned that fake moldavite is apparently a common thing ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
you know who is going to die because of this policy ?
your hands are covered in blood yoh sick disturbed fetishist .
a relationship is just the space in between people and how they choose to be a part of one another 's lives .
polyamory is a personal thing either a wiring to be predisposed to having multiple loves or a choice to pursue them or often both .
i 've been polyamorous for almost eight years and have had relationships with many polyamorous people .
they 've ended for various reasons emotional incompatibility dishonesty her fault moving to another state boundary crossed my fault .
i have two relationships at the moment one with a partner of 4.5 years and another of eight months .
most teachers make less than 3/4 similarly educated workers .
in 2018 teachers earned a weekly wage 33 the average earning of non-teaching college graduates .
from what i recall the gap is even worse when only looking at master 's level education where it 's something like a 40 gap in pay
i know people like to roll their eyes at nebraska fans insisting that fan support can help get the program back to prominence but in the era of nil it really ca n't be understated the importance of a school administration and fan base that places a big priority on athletics especially when only a small handful of schools in the conference seem to be taking it seriously
wow almost looks like that police officers use they badge to assault other people and get away with it .
learn about neville goddard then come back and see if you can debate any longer will ya
there is literally no scenario where you should apply to med school planning to get rejected and have to reapply .
100 of the time you are better off not applying and just waiting until you 're ready .
are you saying you 're doing early decision somewhere ?
you should only do that in very specific circumstances depending on the school your applying to .
you should do a lot of research to see if you actually qualify for and are a good candidate for ed .
you should email the schools admissions office and schedule a meeting to discuss whether you are a good fit for their ed program .
most schools have ed only for extremely specific circumstances e.g. my spouse has a job in the town of this medical school my children go to school here and i literally can not attend any medical school other than this one .
there are a few exceptions where schools use ed more broadly but you should do the above steps to figure that out before applying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitetits if you have any questions or concerns .
there was a survey on leanbeef not long ago and the results were 10 out of 10 men would wood .
spiderman is the one who stays in downtown manhattan .
hardbacks are more durable excellent for beloved novels and textbooks .
books that deal heavily in photography make terrible paperbacks .
hence my unpopular opinion '' just like i thought for an upper rank kokushibu was mad anticlimactic cause i was expecting a lot more
i hate my wrist glad i not the only one secretly judging wrist just my own .
in some places they call it a dolphin in other i think mahi mahi and i think theres other common names
assuming they do n't just die what would happen ?
well there 's your issue that 's a big assumption .
demons do n't just worship their god they are fractions of their god .
if you completely sever a demon from their god it 's like severing a finger from a person .
if you still have another drop before the end of day just correct it using that .
the individual bands do n't matter if the total matches
where the f do i plug my f'n tsaheylu in
i think the mouse pointer gets taken over by the oculus controller so make sure you 're pointing the oculus controller away from the screen when you try to use your mouse .
i 'd love to see more of your bottom in those panties .
t ... the reason she did was because she was about to have a panic attack ... ''
when you watch the videos that talk about stuff like remeber these from your childhood ''
yeah i have a hard time believing six people had a meeting and sat him down because we 're incompatible '' sounds like there 's a big elephant in the room if so .
we 've all had friends who maybe we did n't feel as close to or they 're slightly annoying but that does n't warrant such cruel treatment .
if someone was a pain to live with i could see maybe they might not want to renew the lease or whatever but they went the extra mile to say they do n't want to be friends with him at all .
now i 'm genuinely intrigued what 's going on .
i am headed to paris in june first time .
was thinking of bringing my speedy but keep reading not to bring any nice watches or they will steal it right from your hand .
love the watch and band combo by the way .
your grandma is awesome and obviously loves you very much
he 's taking all the shit so the globalists ca n't have any !
thanks bro i 'll kick somebody else 's hair so it 's power goes to yours
fyi that 's not what your request was for .
in the future be up front with what you want .
amazing how the right handed joey gallo immediately makes contact like dj against us
she also related to the last dryad of terraria .
and the most incompetent mage in the world seriously she sucks .
i read it at first as doctor with virginity .
if that 's what you mean then yeah that 's a reasonable comparison and also true .
i 'm talking about the way the grenade-ish charge moves in the beginning i dunno if you have even flown a drone with a payload before but this looks
i do appreciate your cliche and completely overused anecdote about how this is n't hollywood and then threw in how ignorant you feel
someone is when in reality you 're the ignorant one
my favorites have always been locations where the tailgating is done on the actual college campus as opposed to parking lots .
but the atmosphere of being on a ferry train trolley bus or walking path when a majority of ppl are geared up and heading to the same game is amazing .
there 's a happy medium to be found because part of the american sports ritual is having uncle mike 's famous double slapped bacon backed hickory smoked ribs '' that ca n't be replaced by a bunch of vendors .
for that level of tailgating there 's bound to be a design for a park with pavilions with prebuilt grills as well as room for the serious folks that start at 8pm the night before a 1pm kickoff .
in general this photo made me sad and i 'd personally be happy to see it get turned into a green space
once maybe twice a year i 'll use a trimmer to tame it a little .
just even it out some i prefer it hairy down there keeps air circulating better then being bare .
how did you get them to let you give it away yourself and not have a company come pick it up ?
im trying to do the same but i dont know what to say for them to let me give it away myself
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
exactly you 're not doing anyone a service by continuing to play a game you do n't enjoy .
if you 're not enjoying it take a break .
if you do n't come back that 's okay you do n't have to finish every game .
who is this and where can i find more of his work
we were all nerds for it when it was on tv .
canes have a ton of speed on the wings holy shit
will use it the next time i try to mess with my 7 .
my phone stays on my desk away from client spaces at all times .
having phones on the floor so to speak is a hipaa risk and can distract from treatment of the clients .
i think the employees need a break room and a safe place to store stuff like their cell phones so they can check them if needed .
the cellphone jail is extreme sends the wrong message for sure and it way over the top .
the place of work should have a number that can be called which should be allowed to be given out by staff in case they need to be reached .
my family knows to reach me in an absolute emergency they should call my place of work and someone will find me .
i would like to further explore how this harms employee autonomy .
i feel you there whenever my mom makes bacon i ca n't leave my room for a good few hours .
also my non oled tv has ambient mode which is what you call picture frame panel .
he says alot stuff i already knew beforehand but also points out stuff i did n't which really enhanced my understanding of eren as a character and made it pretty worthwhile outside of it being an entertaining analysis video which i am a sucker for .
nothing super revolutionary but i can imagine it being somewhat mindblowing '' for more casual viewers/readers haha .
yeah if u like to shoot crusiers and dd only
i 'm looking forward to season 2 as i heard great things about it .
i find them stressful because 9/10 times i know my existence in that social situation does not matter .
if i just faded into the background nobody would even notice .
they barely notice when i have something to say .
mind you i have a few people who i can talk to and they listen to what i say .
but if you put me in a room with a bunch of people i just want to leave because i 'm probably not gon na be included in much of anything .
how many more times will this be posted this week ?
i 've seen it three times and it 's only monday .
ca n't wait for kyle to cover this in a segment a week from now .
just spitballing here and i think you 're probably right how about making parking free for electric cars ?
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=uhckx2 message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 20 5byoutube 20music 20video 5d 20girl 20who 20is 20homeless 3f 20and 20is 20wandering 20the 20streets 20wearing 20different 20clothes 2e 20black 20and 20white 20video 27 20as 20solved 2e 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon 2e 0a 0a 0a 0amake 20sure 20the 20message 20subject 20says 20 27uhckx2 27 20before 20sending 2e 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled 2e if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
gon na be hard without the extended slots i think but i 'd say it should still be somewhat possible
been here for 27 years and have seen the traffic get to a point to where i loathe leaving the house .
i do n't even travel on the m1 often .
the traffic in the suburbs alone gets me heated most days ...
it 's a logo of a professional race driving instructor barton mawer in australia .
one human as in of or relating to the homo sapiens species and a human as in a person. two life as a biological concept as in a living organism and as a life or a person 's lifetime and experiences.
my finger is a human finger but it is not a human. a tree has life but it is not a life because it is not a person. a clump of cells regardless of its dna is not a person for the same reasons a tree is not a person because a person is not defined by the mere sum of their parts .
had to google it and tl dr it is about having the right to use or encourage birth control without punishment from the state .
crazy that after all these years they still have n't called him captain fordo like he is .
just no hit it lol if it 's during daytime you get the terraprisma
so correct me if i 'm wrong but given lisuto was seeded to get 129th and he placed 3rd i think he outplaced his seed by 12 places .
that has to be close to a record does n't it ?
edit lisuto explains how he was able to win https twitter.com/lisutoact1/status/1521434206265815041
i want to upvote you for the insightfulness on the games comment but just plain no on benching those guys .
let your opponent if h2h bury themselves on avg if they 're chasing abs .
plus vlad himself will outscore most players in half a week .
got it i think my experience of daydreaming is similar to what you have described .
you could use deoxys-speed with taunt and stealth rocks .
if you want another rain setter it also learns rain dance or you could run psycho boost and a coverage move
could you do the same for this comment sjeoejxbiwie ?
sounds like a buying opportunity to hold for the long term
very good point i should use one for her .
it is unclear whether they were invited ... pr speak for they were not invited .
the problem with being extremely smart is that the person you are speaking to who is n't extremely smart can not possibly see/comprehend what you are saying like a colour blind person can not see colour .
so when they start to act arrogant and bring you down in some way sometimes the only way is to lord over them .
i thought so but then i went and had a look at oop 's posts and they are actually formatted properly and read better than whatever mess this boru op copy pasted .
while i absolutely agree with your sentiment you probably do n't remember but obama said his very first act as president would be to codify roe v wade .
he even had all the votes necessary to do so .
and then let 's look at ruth bader ginsburg .
an octogenarian with an aggressive form of cancer who could have literally secured her seat to a progressive for a fucking literal lifetime by stepping down during obama .
she literally gambled her entire legacy on the democrats winning 3 presidential elections in a row .
you seriously and i mean genuinely have to ask the question at some point .
how do you keep giving power to the party that ca n't legislate themselves out of a wet paper bag ?
haha 😂 love visiting the states and shopping there so cheap compared to australia so many beautiful landmarks as well .
sorry about the shit leadership you guys have to endure and low wages and extremely high medical bills .
if i was american i 'd be immigrating the fuck out of there asap .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
an e.t sequel would certainly bring out of a ton of cynicism but so did toy story 4 and it still made a billion .
sequel has top five domestic finish written all over it but the real fight between that and inception 2 is the overseas gross .
you look great dude👍🏻💪🏻 you look really similar to like 3 guys i know😅
14 might not be minimum but it 's not enough to live on .
this is like the woman who stays with a guy because well he never hits you ! as if that makes the man worthy ...
well pixel point is already here and testing the waters so..
a cat is a mammal but a mammal is not necessarily a cat .
rape is sexual violence but sexual violence is not necessarily rape .
could you do the same for this comment candduy ?
this is like that one image of obama giving himself an award
it is fair for the eu to address that .
hungary 's internal court system and its independence from eu courts and the supremacy of hungarian law over eu law is an internal matter .
the extent to which hungary embraces lgbt issues is an internal cultural matter .
these are internal matters for all sovereign states not just hungary .
to address or not address them are for hungarians not the eu .
so if she could prove that no such rule exists she would have valid evidence against them ?
discrimination would be not allowing gay/trans people in the changing room at all .
that 's precisely what happened to her acquaintance unfortunately .
they did n't do anything about it back then though .
remember to credit the artist and do n't call it ur own original art
and while pw bombed in the west in japan it 's one of the most selling mg .
it would be pretty annoying though since your app states would be reset etc .
but yeah for security it would probably be good .
honestly i think he cares at least to an extent i just think he did n't realize how painful it was .
i did send him a hefty message after writing this post .
i kind of summarized what he did wrong with no uncertain terms .
i said i wo n't be reading or contacting him again .
then how can so many countries afford to do it and what you have now is n't a bloated inefficient expensive alternative that half of your population can not even afford ?
if you just stopped spending so much on being the world 's sheriff you could actually care for your own citizens but no we got ta go care for some other countries citizens because freedom and we are protecting the usa '' tell me when was the last time an outside force invaded the usa ?
förstår inte riktigt poängen så bara för att huliganerna härjar också så är det helt plötsligt okej för dom som tror på en skäggig gubbe uppe i molnen att kasta sten mot polisen samt förstöra bilar ?
skillnaden är väl att vi åtminstone får in skattepengar från fotbollsfolket via biljetter mängder av dryck på arenorna inte för att det gör det okej men just saying.. vad får vi för att dom som tror på sci-fi vandaliserar och kastar sten nu igen ?
he 'll say anything to get some attention to sell you his shitty course .
there is removal for it in war priest warlock shaman but if you start playing removal to have better match up against dh your match up against hunt quest become worse
op sent the following text as an explanation on why this is unexpected
! they have no idea what about to happen next !
is this an unexpected post with a fitting description ?
look at my source code on github https github.com/artraxon/unexbot what is this for ?
it was released from the rover and was in free fall when hit the surface .
some or probably most of that final velocity was due to mars gravity .
but it was the crash that broke it not crushing/buckling under it 's own mass from resting on the ground .
mars gravity is only 38 of earth gravity so any structure that survives the gravity here will also survive on mars .
you have to practice more to increase your iq to get my point .
no woman needs such a man in her life .
most questions now belong in the sticky ' weekly questions thread http www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/about/sticky ' pinned to the front page of the subreddit .
please read the faq https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/wiki/index and consult the wiki https clashofclans.fandom.com/wiki/clash_of_clans_wiki before posting .
when should i upgrade to the next town hall .
questions about basic mechanics of the game these and more all belong in the comments of that thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashofclans if you have any questions or concerns .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i spoiled myself on purpose thinking it was just another average horror game .
because they think it 's part of the british isles i 'm not even joking .
hi bestie just gave you a comment can can you upvote my comment
they are partly right about ingvar kamprad he staunchly defended his openly nazi friend and refused to condemn him until the end of his life https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ingvar_kamprad fascist_involvement .
a computer needs to be able to know what each instruction does and so needs to be able to translate each instruction into machine code which is a very basic binary instruction .
but human language is extremely complex and fluid while machine code is simple and defined at the most basic level all a computer is doing is writing and reading 0s and 1s .
another huge problem is that human language is heavily dependent on context .
if you have ever heard the shopping joke about going to get eggs and milk you know a basic example of this .
then not long after this great scene we have zack hitting on her only to be brutaly crushed with '' has anybody told you you 're jacket doese n't fit mr allen ?
a lot of wehraboos are nazis but only a small ammount of nazis are wehraboos .
i did see on their twitter about custom orders this friday i think i might give it a shot and i do n't mind waiting at all .
i know custom orders are pretty limited do you know if its hard to snag a spot ?
someone else also recommended a small too so i think i 'll go with that !
i do have a medium size crackers i got it off the second hand tag from this sub reddit not to long ago i have n't tried him yet but i have a feeling i would prefer something a tad smaller to start out with .
since the medium crackers was my first bad dragon toy i did n't realize how big/girth a medium was until i had him in my hands .
oh man hearing that makes me want to feel the texture for real instead just with my hands lol
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
mom is filipino and they love the stuff there .
whenever she goes back she 'll send packs home to both me and my dad .
you can find it here in the us but really only at specialty grocery stores .
ai n't the healthiest sure but i do appreciate a cup or two on a cold day .
may he have many happy cake days to come .
republicans have had a majority on the court for more than 50 years .
i was finally able to get a t force employee to add it after a long time of asking and almost third rep i asked
ultimately i would say that if you do n't really like what they are doing you can apply for cdpr and be the change you want to see .
would love to work for cdpr as a writer .
the biggest joke is that the climactic final fight in the photo happens on the statue of liberty .
another is that a tech giant shamelessly stole the innovations of a smaller competitor after the way it works was disclosed to them during coordination to integrate the google assistant into sonos products .
since google is able to undercut sonos by selling its speakers at essentially break-even pricing it was a real threat around innovations they had invested a lot of time and money into .
the way in which multiple smart speakers could be set up in stereo especially was genuinely innovative .
do n't get me wrong i 'm as annoyed as anyone that my devices have lost some functionality but google 's actions here were pretty hard to defend .
yep was expecting it from the dumbasses the minute i saw the video
i ca n't tell if this is sincere or sarcastic .
sorry i 'm not able to retrieve sauces for this post https i.imgur.com/olosbkw.png .
currently i can only work with imgur and i.redd.it links as well as direct links to image files .
i can handle imgur albums as long as they only contain a single image .
you may be able to find the sauce yourself using saucenao https saucenao.com .
i have a nickname on ig goes by musashi i used to have morphine .
my real name is mostafa aly my ig is about performing and art and fitness .
only way they can go to disney every other month .
he put their feelings first of course he just wanted to be there for his partner .
who would n't want to emotionally support the person you love most in something you 're at fault they 're going through ?
of course it was their call and it was the right one i 'm not saying he had the right to be there either
i love bahamut 's animation atmospheric how his shape appears from under the clouds .
my build does n't specialize in cqc so i tend to use ashes a lot to draw attention and summon for some bosses .
i 've gotten to the point where i can dodge beyblade 's attacks for the most part still working on the timing for the frozen pot .
ashes for her are basically a free health pool and summoning is a roll of the dice .
her getting health back on hits that land understandable .
that is the one part i 'd change if i could .
i mean im 17 with no credit history or anything i seriously doubt anybody will rent to me .
i dont make a lot monthly but i save it all .
but once im 18 im gon na take up a higher position and move to full time since im just part time right now .
i dont mind living in a car it 's kind of just like i want to get out of here lol and i 'm not really going to have a choice either way .
i 'm also in community college rn and the college im in is in an expensive area southern california and theres no way i could ever rent something around here .
also theres no student housing or off campus housing thats popular since everyone just lives at home
t-bone steak i made on saturday 'cuz it was the first time i cooked steak ever and it was bitchin '
kinda sad cause 3 of my 6 five stars are anemo .
also i did pull on venti banner but lost 50/50 and got qiqi
så vil jeg anbefale at de starter med at bevise virkningen inden de bringer det ind på hospitalerne .
hvis man er i tvivl kan man passende starte med at lave studierne på hospitalerne ligesom man gør med andre motoder man ikke er sikre på har en virkning .
you 're missing the point even if you 're right .
this post is placing the majority of the blame on voters who righteously deserve a lot of it and ignores the absolute dumpster fire that is the us electoral college and how easily the system has been rigged to artificially boost a minority party to absolute power at the federal level .
by refusing to acknowledge that as one of the if not the core issue that the left should be pushing to reform and instead focusing on voters the narrative is shifted away from meaningful generational change .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1
this includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question combine these into the question itself .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule 201 20post 20review 20request message=my 20post 20was 20removed 20rule 201 20please 20review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/uh8tld/article_5_of_the_nato_of_the_north_atlantic .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
in all honesty given the existing court no existing precedent or law is safe .
this ruling shows that they can and will overturn any existing case or law that does n't align with their political ideals .
so not only are lgbtq rights up on the chopping block so are labor rights privacy rights civil rights for anyone not a heterosexual white male take your pick .
if the right wing does n't like it it 'll get overturned with this court .
he did n't play for the first few months was poor for the next few months played decent for 2 months and hes now gone back to his mid season form
i was tired of seeing all those black ones anyway .
we 're told frequently by the designers that words in the rules have no special meaning besides their common english definitions .
we 're not told what stone '' is in the rules so we need to interpret .
a 1 such a concretion of indeterminate size or shape
b a piece of rock for a specified function such as
within that latitude of definitions we do see the inclusion of gemstone and that suggests that your wall of gemstone is plausible .
however the real answer to your question is talk to your dm .
being able to generate thousands of pounds of gemstones for the cost of a 5th level spell slot and 10 minutes of time has serious mechanical implications on the game and your dm is going to want to weigh in on that .
at my table no way am i letting you have unlimited diamonds or whatever .
spells with expensive and consumed components are for the most part spells that the dm should maintain some control over .
resurrection magic for example fundamentally changes how the game is played and the dm needs to keep final say over how that can happen .
over the past few years monsoon rain has been slowly moving towards the end of june and start of july .
my parents relatives and others who are much older than me all agree that monsoon rains used to start much earlier .
instead of fixing it live with the decision of breaking your own arm .
for a mistake you decide that they need to suffer consequences .
well guess what welcome to life dipshit we all make mistakes .
transvestite '' did n't really fit transexual '' was too big and scary and anyway i felt straight '' and there did n't seem to be any other options .
living with me i guess gives a perspective and she is very smart and she asked me actually telling me but posed as a question if maybe i was non binary trans .
she 's nudged me a bit told me her boundaries let me thrive and there we are .
i like how they started off battling warlocks and upgraded to demons .
did the underworld decide to start them off easy ?
i 've never farted or needed to fart during pilates occasionally i 've heard others farting sometimes we laugh about it other times we just pretend we did n't hear it .
if it 's not stinky i do n't feel like it 's a big deal .
i wish i could reply to you and u/draeath at once because this is applicable to what both of you were saying .
my 12700-kf has 10 cores and a total of 20 threads .
when i said earlier that the cpu utilization was low i was reading 5 .
i cracked open the deeper resource monitor and looked again .
if i scroll down a bit i see threads 8 9 10 and 11 frequently spike at or near 100 utilization but individually they 're rarely all spiking at once so that 's why my overall cpu utilization looked so low .
looks like i might have found the bottleneck after all !
if you compare the single-thread benchmarks https www.cpubenchmark.net/singlethread.html of a 7700k and 12700k it 's a 2,730 versus 4,054 a 148 difference .
when you compare my loading and saving times it 's also about 150 difference .
x4 foundations bottlenecks at the performance level of a single core even though i see heavy activity on 4 threads .
you can also turn off save game compression in the x4 foundations setting panel .
it 's virtually unchanged and i did confirm by looking at the save directory that these were plain xml files .
what i can learn from that is that if you have a fast cpu the zipping/unzipping process is so fast it 's pretty much transparent to your load/saved times .
either that or i have gnomes in my computer that like to play tricks on me .
might as well leave it on to save time uploading/downloading to the cloud .
i think the use of dried hot glue is genius
this is exactly why villafuertes are threatened nung may rumors na tatakbo ulit si vp leni sa camsur .
only verified users are allowed to post in this subreddit .
in order to verify write your username today 's date and r/cuckoldswingers with black or blue ink on a crumbled piece of paper .
once verified we will restore your post and you can start posting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cuckoldswingers if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the writers forgot all about jan tbh overall the ending seemed rushed
anyone wan na who gets turned on by getting humiliated by me doing dirty talk on their bestie or sister pls dm
i thought you were going to tell me your experience and how you got out of it .
if you are n't committing a crime i do n't know what the issue would be .
now if they are having to arrest someone and are in a relationship with them or are hitting on someone they 've got under arrest then yeah that 's a problem and i think there are rules/laws around such anyway .
bet the leader of that nation is pretty good at diplomacy or at least the place is isolated from others 😳
just moved here from canada ... holy shit have to turn around ...
i would look more into spirit absorption over ha .
it gives you decent movement speed which can help make up for the lack of movement abilities but also help with repositioning .
also you will be doing a bit of autos which it can help with .
.hack games were my first jrpg and i love them dearly .
if the og quartet gets ported remade i 'll be so happy .
so your airline will kick anyone off who coughs ?
that is going to lead to many lawsuits from people with bronchitis smokers lung asthma and so on .
unless they are showing more then one sign you ca n't discriminate just watch your company 's training video on biohazard again to see how you have to be careful when accusing someone of having a disease
yeah i used to recommend google photos as a free and easy method of secondary photo backup .
for family photos i strongly recommend at least 1 on-site backup and 1 offsite backup .
the offsite backup can be cloud storage or a drive that you keep in a safety deposit box or a relative 's house .
personally if you do n't want to use or pay for cloud storage then i think the most secure form of storage for normal people is burning your family photos to 100gb m-disc blu-rays .
https www.amazon.com/verbatim-98913-m-disc-100gb-surface/dp/b011pijpoc they have a shelf stable life of several decades .
do not store essential data on a ssd or hard drive powered off for several years and hope it will still be there when you come back .
it can launch you further and has lower energy consumption .
soak your feet in real hot water for like 20 minutes minimum
so when you ca n't prove rape legally in the 6 weeks is it just a whoopsies '' ?
do you get super permission for a late term abortion ?
i 'm glad i posted my hate for it in the fragrances sub and no one agreed
think of all the clicks and ad revenue it got .
paying someone to mock up a fake opinion would be worth it for that alone .
i 'm not saying it has to be fake but it 'd be a genuine first and i 'm not sure if it 'd be a good move for someone clerking for a justice as it really jeopardizes that career track as though a lot of people support the action you 're also motioning that you ca n't be trusted with sensitive materials and they will be discovered eventually .
like from the donzinger case it 's clear that even attorney client privilege is dead there is no such protection for journalistic sources making such efforts even harder to obscure .
feed is on the side of the vessel flows through the ingredients through the screen and back into the tank via the pump .
once the vessel is full of beer just turn on the pump and let it run as long as desired .
we turn it off as we are leaving and back on in the morning if it 's multiple days .
otherwise it 's just running in the background as we work on other things .
i will say while you can just toss the ingredients in i still prefer to bag them up .
makes cleanup way easier and adds another layer of protection against anything going into the tank somehow all for a couple bucks .
i also like to think about it in a cynical way when the noise is getting to me .
we are meat bags on top on a rock travelling through space that love to make rituals because our brains like to detect patterns and causality everywhere .
shitting in a hole in the ground is also rooted in the nation 's history and tradition so we should outlaw indoor plumbing .
idk i beat delirium like 9/10 times but mother is somewhere like 6/10 times i hate the cross pattern attack idk how in the hell you can dodge that with two characters on the nintendo switch that 's just unreal !
2. that was my sister and i took it down for a reason
i have a soft spot for monkey mons so it 's wonderful to see ambipom get some love !
i still load up my lg cart from time to time just to check on my beloved primeape .
never had the heart to start another save because of her .
the elemental monkeys and their evos are a close second for sure !
it saddens me to see how much flak they get for being poorly designed and unimpressive in battle .
i love how they look with their fun bright colors and silly gimmick !
my favorite thing to do in x/y is catch the full set for mini-games and snacktime in pokémon amie
alito did nothing to explain how abortion is different though .
if you can overturn a precedent from the 1970s because 50 years is n't recent enough who 's to say you ca n't overturn a precedent like loving v. virginia that 's only 55 years old ?
alito provides nothing more than hand waving and vibes .
obergefell and lawrence are even more recent than casey and alito specifically names them in the decision as derivative of griswold which he views as wrongly decided .
i do n't think it 's a stretch at all to say that lgbt rights and even rights like the right to seek contraception are under serious threat just waiting for the right vehicle to roll them back .
you wan na downgrade every 15th hard contract for two fucking months just because you went dry for a specific seed drop ?
it 's not about the series i have no problem with the grizzlies and ja is amazing .
the patriarchy exists and it hates men just as much as misandrists do too .
it 's about creating a world where everyone is equal meaning men do n't get hate or extra pressure for being men and women do n't get hate or extra pressure for being women .
be upfront with this but know that you will definitely hurt her feelings and she might not want to marry youat all lol
black incarceration rates had been rising all through the 80s and before .
usually this is attributed to high drug usage rates and heavy crackdowns on it .
it 's usually attributed to a calculated plan by the us government to dismantle the leaders of the civil rights era put crack into black neighborhoods to find proxy wars while avoiding congress and racist ronald reagan and later bill clinton using that as an opportunity to throw black men behind bars and use them as slave labor .
tanf has been falling in alignment with black incarceration rates .
how about you start it in the 80s when tanf was dropping while incarceration was rising ?
the history is set in stone i really do n't think i have to justify the idea that the welfare reform of the 80s and 90s and the war on drugs were part of one plan to destabilize the black community a plan you 're still on board with as a center right american .
the pre season o/u 70.5 wins was easy money but this is a .500 team for sure .
i had hope early that we 'd be closer to 90 but at this point ?
i 'm a hugger but i can tell when someone is n't receptive to being hugged most of the time .
i thought that was something everyone could sense but nope .
also there are times or people i do n't want to be hugged by either .
this would be so good it stresses me out sometimes
you 're definitely right to call this stuff out .
she definitely strikes me as privileged and can be off putting .
but i was rooting for her to win in both of her seasons and think she 's a great chef .
the outer worlds kinda like fallout 4 but in space .
cyberpunk 2077 is the best rpg style first person game but not on gamepass .
sorry your comment has been automatically removed for your title or comment containing '' dm '' '' .
this is due to your post potentially breaking one of our rules .
please read the sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/nudes/about/rules before resubmitting .
if you think the post was removed by accident please contact the moderators via modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
not sure on their pricing for a job like that but worth getting a quote for sure .
although i agree than nato should stop this does n't justify what putin did .
if he wants nato to not expand they should be nice to their neighbors .
besides the implicit reason of nato expansion putin even gave invalid reasons .
ukraine has its own culture even older than moscow or st. petersburg .
ukraine is another country that the russian empire and ussr invaded .
a wrong action can not be corrected by another wrong action .
hate the sheer amount of overshields in last standing tbh .
he literally said it was his daughter 's house .
you do n't need a degree to figure out what that meant .
what evil step mother cliché are you trying to fulfill ?
what kind of fucking peasant am i living with ?
do they not know who i am ? ! ''
itv did a series which was a rework of jekyll and hyde about jekyll 's grandson who has the same condition of turning into a violent and sadistic monster we all know the story by now .
however they showed it too early in the night so kids were watching it and it scared them lmao .
they never recovered from it so it was cancelled after one series and left it on a cliffhanger .
it was a lil bit shit i know but i really enjoyed it .
i dodge every lobby they 're in because you bet your ass they 're gon na throw the whole match just to bless totems .
far far better than shm ever were or will be
people make such a big deal out of flipping off the crowd lol just like the meltdowns when kyrie did it in game 1 of the boston series .
i did notice that the default recommendation here is the ninebot .
it honestly has made me second guess my purchase even though the performance of the g4 is on par with what i was expecting so far .
but that 's why i 'm doing my own extensive test rides with it .
i was going to use the built in lock and set the code to one i intended on using .
i locked the cable in but did n't tied it down to any pole .
i 'm glad i didnt because i have n't been able to unlock the cable since .
2 out of the 4 digits do n't click as i turn them to different numbers .
i feel maybe my code was n't set right because of it and now i ca n't unlock it .
i 'm going to reach out to support to see what they say which i guess will let me see how they do in terms of customer service .
but even with replacing it i 've lost trust in the lock and likely wo n't use it because of this and just sucks since it was one of the bigger selling points for me .
i was on a dark road and was only able to see 5-10 feet ahead because of it .
i suddenly came upon a curve which i was n't expecting and almost fell but was able to break just in time .
it 's my fault since i was going the 20 on a road i was unfamiliar with but a better light would have let me see the curve much more ahead in tjme .
i plan on putting in the light i use in my bike
favorite part is not having conversations and being alone .
honestly i think my favorite part is always the next step .
i think that is the most truthful answer i can give .
the next step is fresh new unknown and i am always grateful for it .
the gameplay of this game was so garbage that they coule actually better make it into a tell tale game again so people knew what to expect .
this is one of the worse games i played in recent years but a ok and enjoyable story .
you take his clutch shots that comes with the dumb shots before it tho he didnt come in clutch tn 🫠
facts i 've been in an open marriage for more than 10 years .
you only hear about failed open relationships when they crash .
you do n't hear about the majority that work out just fine .
and since closed relationships already fail way over 50 of the time it 's not like the odds can get much worse anyways .
if both want it and it comes from a place of love opening it up can and will strengthen a relationship
i literally have a recurring childhood dream whenever id get sick .
id dream of an orange yes the fruit enlarging suddenly and then i get a sudden rush of anxiety and it feel as it my heart dropped and it feels heavy .
so that 's only 2 of his friends not every guy he has over .
not cheating if no one finds out am i right ?
i love the fact that he tried racism then the hello ?
wow look at those np 's filling the rural primary care gap !
iommi is always heralded for his unending supply of riffs but he played great leads as well .
they basically injured our best defender in order to win .
i think brooks should be out for the season .
yeah i do but that 's going to upset the hivemind apparently
he 's been solid on defense n the second chance plays but man his shot just completely disappeared these offs
kaley cuoco 's character has zone out '' moments throughout the series and it starts off innocently enough but by the second season she 's talking to three other '' selves in them .
we died to 75 in this raid to raid wides because we have n't been topped off .
lmao go try either of those moves in a pickup game .
see how far that gets you before someone tries to fight you over it 😂
this is the most closeted homosexual of all space time and being .
the only people i see helping them poor locally are christian church 's .
what 3 unas are the fastest to do in 90 sec ? i have a fresh alt who no longer needs to do lopang due to the silver events !
it 's normally referred to as a security token offering sto i think he 's throwing shade at mets owners tweet .
i 'm saying if she is using an iud and condoms and is concerned about obtaining plan b in the event of a condom break then she seems far too anxious and should stick to abstinence .
everyone 's risk tolerance is their own choice but if you need 3 layers of protection at some point you have to look in the mirror and wonder if anything will ever be enough .
i have nothing against seeking pleasure and never would indicate to anyone that they should be more responsible .
xia ji being violently beaten by raian ntr comic starring a jealous littleinsomnic
i do n't take kindly to bein called a scab ...
i 'm ading while asc pulls their fat fucking thumbs out of their asses with my perm paperwork .
it was supposed to be a spice cooking event where you bring food to characters in the teapot to gain friendship exp .
obviously they cant do that when the teapot is still in maintenance .
hello u/swaggyboifern13 unfortunately your post was remove for the following reason
if you feel that this was a mistake and would like to request the re approval of your submission please click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dantdm subject=i 20would 20like 20to 20know 20why 20my 20submission 20was 20removed. message=here 3a 20submission 20https www.reddit.com/r/dantdm/comments/uhrmxa/craigs_search_history 20is 20my 20submission. 20i 20would 20like 20to 20know 20why 20it 20was 20removed 20and 20if 20it 20can 20be 20re 20approved .
there 's going to be lots of shrieking about this but at the end of the day people always vote on the economy .
ukranians would n't be trained on f35s even if they wanted to .
asg is the only one making them but they are arguably the best stock aeg smg going
every time i read something about us i just sad-laugh about how pathetic it is that americans always brag about being the country of freedom '' .
dr strange does n't seem to be getting bad review
i had something similar happen the urban decay mini palette was on my dash the whole week but then disappeared out of nowhere earlier today !
this was the problem i was having and did n't realize it !
i just got a new rtx3080 and it did n't want to cooperate with my 1080ti i did n't realize if they are different i have to specifically tell them both not to be used instead of just the blanket nvidia blacklist .
what i do n't understand more than lowballers are people who try to haggle me for a couple bucks off and the item is more than 10 times that amount .
it already happened probably a dozen times this past month .
i mean really do you really not have the extra 2 to 3 that you 're willing to spend extra on an item already costing 50 ?
i fondly remember the divorce rumors and talks of putting her on the banner .
there so far has been one case in which a sub caused me to die he did n't actually kill me either and that was 100 me fucking up .
every single other encounter ended either with the sub being a non-issue or straight up dead .
imo they 're very easy to track down particulary if they keep spamming pings and on more than one occasion i 've nailed them with both dropped and rolled charges when they 've been unspotted for the past 5 minutes or even the entire match .
i 'm not saying they need a buff but it 's just that they are a lot less of an issue than most make them out to be .
the only reality you can change is if someone should get a souvenir giraffe or not
you lose the direct heat burn 🔥 normally associated with a standard offset .
think campfire when you book your face from the heat with your hands .
however the baffle plate closest to the fire box does get warmer/hotter so the food needs to be rotated for longer cooks .
the rf still has hot spots the over all cooking surface is more useable .
learning curve tho it 's a nightmare on a cold or wet/rainy day .
harder for the hot air to rise creating a convection
i 've probably bought resident evil 4 seven or so times .
it will definitely have side effects ... just like lead was used to make motor sound better for decades.. abstinence is the way
upvoted please upvote the top post on my profile in return
it really depends on how good your good players and how bad your bad players are .
if you could have a good spine to the team would help .
a good cb mid and striker who can be vocal .
yes the game has moved on where these guys are crucial but it 's not really required at the average level .
if you have unskilled speedy players shove them on the wings .
could you please return it on some posts of mine ?
also love how the new sections are basically rally stage with trees instead of tyre barriers .
shoot 'em in the head and harvest their organs .
i would n't post it everywhere at least not yet .
read my other comment in this post this is the false narrative of many asians in russian army
yeah i most likely will get everyone to test there 's elderly family coming as well so it 's probably a good idea anyway !
so minimum wage is 15.20 because it 's a kinda expensive province
i would n't worry too much about it just let them get back to you .
congratulations you are the 1000th person to ask this this month !
you have won the right to use reddit 's search engine !
is there anyway to have the famed spreadsheet to somehow manage if i miss a day on a 4workout/week setup without stuffing up the reporting ?
respectfully these sorts of questions are very dependant on the person and not nessecarily anything to do with where you live in the city .
i regularly go drinking outside of the area i live in just because i prefer the bars elsewhere and it 's more equidistant to my friends .
raval has great selection of bars as does the rest of the city .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/duklock if you have any questions or concerns .
a blessing because you are unlikely to get into debt by gambling or overspending .
a curse because you ca n't enjoy yourself by spending money .
any parent who supports their cheating trash of a child are not good parents .
i know damn well than when my child is born if i ever catch him cheating he 's nothing to me anymore
is she sure god fucks with her though ... that fake vanity has to be a deadly sin ... lol
it 's the annual fund raiser for the metropolitan museum of art .
it was n't shit before anna wintor took it over and made it one of the most infamous events in history .
she never should have voted yes to their appointment .
i love how people shit on kc for being a third party fest and then go to we to drop in the same 10 of the map every time with over half the server creating a place where youre 7th partied .
this ca n't be the end of him in a warriors uniform .
when you left it idling were you on the title screen or in the game ?
a game has to be in progress the entire time .
he is a very smooth talker and not only with girls .
in school he got away with so much stuff bc he knew how to talk to teacher in a way they could never punish him .
even as a kid he could talk his way out of any trouble haha .
lucky for you for you have no idea about what is to come .
unfortunately i got spoiled about the ending of cs4 so good luck xd you see the level ?
i can tease you even though you are more far away 😂
btw how can be 150h too fast for you ?
xddd do you talk with all npc 5 times or what ?
that 's an average teens who use reddit are the exception to the rule
the best advice would be to read the quran .
get a translated copy of the quran and read it instead of reading other people 's opinions online and see how you feel .
i think they booking rooms in them buildings too its no way not 😂😂😂😂
and it should be considered an eating disorder as well since it 's literally disordered eating
e ... tahmin edemediler sanırım fakat tutukladınız diye daha fazla kişi izledi hep böyle olur elon musk'ın arabasında camları kırılmaz dedi camları kırıldı ve daha çok kişi satın aldı
are n't all the manhwas getting almost the same story line nowadays ?
instant level ups gods or deities in favour unlimited power .
some are good but mostly the quality is detoriating .
her hair come from cottage living i think but i 'm not sure !
a brand new programing language that will listen to audio input that will put everyone out of a job ?
sa oko 3m 90 low paying countries jer je organski je oko 20,000 zarada .
sad upravo krećem sa reklamama u us da vidim da li se to isplati .
objektivno igra bi mogla mnogo više da zarađuje kad bih bio agresivniji sa reklamama i primoravao igrače da kupuju stvari ali neka meni draže da je ok i fer igra .
svakako može da se optimizuje monetizacija za više revenue per user .
idk effexor feels pretty extreme compared to other anti ds i 've tried and i mean that bc when i miss a dose it 's hell on earth ''
see this is my fear ... if u have tried other meds which med seems less extreme compared with effexor ?
there is no nazism in ukraine because they have a jewish president .
u/laughingboy14 https www.reddit.com/u/laughingboy14 and u/cutsickass https www.reddit.com/u/cutsickass plebbit mvp is going to be sweet decentralised censorship resistant client ca n't wait pleb redd
im abi angestrengt jahrelang studiert und dabei scheiß jobs gemacht um dann endlich die früchte der anstrengungen in form eines hochqualifizierten berufs zu genießen und da soll ich dann putzen ?
think about putting a book or something under your monitor it looks a bit low or rise the stand
can you play am i wrong by nico and sumthing
i 'll call you misogynist for thinking women just want to get abortions for literally any other reason than health and safety .
1/50 women in the us giving birth will suffer sever complications or death .
i wish jump force was good looks good too !
my beer league came to an early end over the weekend ... good luck go avs ! !
i think your top point is exactly why old republicans are pushing for this .
millennials are having children at much lower rates meaning that the next generation will be less likely to support the industry that exists today
says a lot about bucks fans that two of their fan favorites are bobby portis and grayson allen
thats what people are asking but no one is buying .
she did you a huge solid and took herself/the trash out on her own .
if you are looking for a high refresh 1440p 16:9 ips you ca n't do better .
had them on my last rig but only had 1000kms of experience before my accident that 's on youtube .
so far had 8000kms on them and no issues .
in my personal experience but i do n't know how it is for other guys is lasting during sex different from lasting during masturbation .
when i 'm masturbating i last like 5 minutes .
but with sex especially while using a condom i can last an hour easy .
it 's more a thing of stamina than actual sexual endurance at that point .
maybe all the girls i 've been with just sucked but that 's my general experience
he 's now announced that he 's going to court to challenge this .
back into the public eye and news cycle he goes .
i ca n't believe we have someone of his quality just slot right in with the team .
normally it take a bit for players to adapt to klopp system but then again we tend to say that for squad/rotational players .
i remember vvd and salah were starters as soon as they got here
i 'm aware it 's happening elsewhere as well .
i may have phrased it pretty poorly but my main point was it 's not some weird actiblizz thing but rather just how businesses are .
and while it is n't uniquely american as you put it it 's also much more prevalent there than in many other parts of the world .
all the countries near me have unions and the like to prevent businesses from abusing pay gaps too much but like my fiancée 's sister pointed out an example from her own workplace some people they hire from the capital some they hire from the small town i live in .
wages in general differ vastly between the two locations since cost of living differs between the two locations so some people are hired at a significantly higher pay than others despite both doing the same exact work and talking about it amongst the workers might bring up drama and other issues .
but in cases like that there 's arguments that can be made for why the pay gap exists .
meanwhile in the us pay gaps can exist on the whim of the businesses because there 's little if any support for workers in many parts of the country .
i brought up us initially because activisionblizzard is us based and well that 's that .
etc etc need more info if gona get any traction
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
you have to get verified as original content poster .
you will find verification details in subreddit sidebar on your computer and in about section on your phone .
if you think it was taken down by error please contact moderators .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fjizzedtothis message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fjizzedtothis 2fcomments 2fuhu3gc 2fslide_n_between 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
you used the item 'human shield ' and did 12 extra curse damage .
weapon ammo shields backpack healing others most likely in that order or similar depending on what you 're missing .
a smart loot bin will check a player 's inventory the moment they 're opening it there would n't be a problem with two different players or teams surviving the armoury as the loot bins are n't triggered until opened .
my guess as to how your performance would affect the loot spawned would be that depending on the amount of specters killed in the armoury the amount of loot bins would change e. g. 0 kills no reward 10 kills 2 bins etc .
awarding progressively better loot as you 're grabbing from one loot bin and opening another rereading your inventory and providing higher tier equipment .
it 's ok for a good series to end as long as it ends well .
you do n't just buy at the bottom and wait .
what 's funny is you think you know better d
unfortunately my pc is just this side of a potato and obs causes bizarre framedrops when i try to record i only took a screenshot to make a point to one of my friends .
i currently have an i5-4440 and it is most certainly bottlenecking my gtx 970 supercharged these days .
is buying an i7-4790k worth it to get some more years out of my pc or am i better off replacing both my mobo and cpu ?
i totally did n't even think of that as the meaning haha
save your money and upgrade your surround sound system .
exactly a universally lauded artist the phrase musician 's musician suggests he was underground .
tom waits for example is critically acclaimed but much less commercially successful .
i do n't know what other implication musician 's musician would have other than saying he 's really good in a snobby way .
example result for an open ych in doing rn on my twitter https twitter.com/huitzilborb/status/1521643293884493824 ? s=21 t=fn-dj-okvlwlwhzdhkdtdw
in my three packs got two kumingas two pokus one lebron and one garland .
according to this logic americans should be murdering everyone in the government constantly and incessantly .
for the record this is in my truck camper .
i switched all of my solar from my promaster when i converted .
i have even more draws than i had in the van when i planned for 400ah .
i could honestly host a small festival stage dj set up all night and still have juice lol
i found these so gross even though i do n't know why .
i kept eating them thinking this should be something i loved but i hated them .
that 's worse because you do n't get a free lift back down .
i just got an update from usps mine arrives on friday california .
everyone should get it by next week tbh so dont worry !
not sure exactly what happened here but i think i started the crit animation at the same time another player hit her to end phase 1 .
i started phase 2 doing the crit animation causing malenia to not do the aeonia attack and instead start the phase on the ground with 1hp .
i think they meant wait until the 17th to cancel it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mhocmp if you have any questions or concerns .
just wan na know why the dude in the yellow one never headlight waves back to other sts lol
brought oliver as much happiness as he brought you .
hope he is resting peacefully and that your heart heals from his loss .
i 'll give my cookie extra pets in honor of oliver .
he has been with me since he was about 8 weeks old and now he is 11 years old .
think he will take a piece of me with him when his time comes .
did n't expect that kind of upset over what i said .
but i 'm well aware thanks but my comment wasnt that deep .
i get ur mad its not right none of it is .
the point is that a lot of u.s. ppl are u.s. centric are unaware of the similarities between countries and do n't learn enough about whats going on around them outside of their bubble .
anyhow it does n't make it any less hell .
there is n't a competition of who 's hell is worse its obvious and not needed to be said .
plus i do n't know you and you do n't know me .
it 's a bit strange for you to assume i have n't experienced anything hellish such as starvation in my life but uh moving on ...
edit i 'm also confused why your using yemen children 's deaths as a talking point if you really cared you 'd be doing proper activism .
if you want brownie points for bringing it up it wo n't be from me .
take a break from the internet maybe and learn some self soothing techniques .
i have charged at a few and gotten around 150kw .
i 've never got a sustained speed higher than that at the electrify canada chargers i 've tried so i prefer the petrocanada ones since the rate is less .
it seems that these companies benefit from slower speeds since the rate is by the minute .
i blocked them but was still nervous and needed a second or 18 different opinions telling me i 'm fine it was a scam and yeah i do n't like ever send those pics it was a lapse in judgement that i paid for
i have a theory that hanako killed clone tsukasa during the family suicide after finding out his brother had passed at the age of 4 and that the clone had been living with him all those years .
miles has to stop the penguins in order to finish the riddler challenges
speaker for the dead was better than ender 's game .
i have a scarlet and we 've yet to encounter any others yet .
you can look at the benefits packages of other employers .
just realize that even the employers that allow you to cover spouses are not required to subsidize the insurance premiums of spouses .
under the aca employers are required to subsidize your premiums .
that 's why they are making you attest to that .
employers are normally picking up 500 1000 ballpark a month of the cost involved in insuring someone .
it 's a perk for people who do n't have employer subsidized insurance not people who do n't like their employer subsidized insurance .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma both types there are two types of karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link karma and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i think people always make the mistake of comparing singapore as a country to another country .
you should always compare singapore city with another capital city .
76 of the conservative mps voted in favour of restrictions on abortions last year .
conservatives are n't afraid of the electoral consequences of their opinions about abortion their leaders are .
nta it 's a reasonable question to ask and you were n't being derogatory in any way .
i was actually sick that day and had been for the last week .
march 6th was the opening night of my high school production of seussical yeah i know .
a few hours before the show started i came down with a fever but after taking 2 ibuprofen i was good .
opening weekend went well but the monday after i had to go home from school early because i was that sick and so was a lot of the cast .
i still remember this one girl in the show had been sick during tech week .
i was out from that monday until friday march 13th when i came back .
my mom had made me carry around hand sanitizer because she was already concerned about covid and me being sick .
it was that day the school announced that 1 the musical 2nd weekend was postponed 2 school was going virtual for 2 weeks and 3 all athletics practices were still happening that day wow .
that was my last day of real sophomore year .
i was still sick for a week after this .
i feel like marvel was just so focused on getting a season two and they saw jake as their biggest card to play so they based the whole season around building up steven and marc and progressing their arcs then undercutting us with jake
not to be a dick but your comment is very tell me you 're a man without telling me you 're a man '' .
it may seem like a small issue to you but when your rights are being infringed upon it 's very scary .
not to catastrophize but states that want to ban abortion are n't looking to stop there so residents can expect their rights to be continuously degraded .
although the probability of needing an abortion may be low women between 13-50 years old always have a risk of getting pregnant .
even if you do everything right in preventing there is always a risk .
i would also argue that women who are trying to conceive may need the option of getting an abortion even more than those who are preventing .
ectopic pregnancies are incredibly dangerous and may not be found until the non-viable fetus has a heartbeat already .
you also do n't usually find out about any genetic issues with baby until you are 12-22 weeks along .
if you need to terminate for medical reasons you really are n't going to know about it until waaaaay after the baby has a heartbeat .
and of course none of that accounts for issues like rape incest abuse which women are basically always at risk from .
so yeah chances of needing an abortion might be low but when you need one you really need one .
luke deserves way better after how she treated him .
if a guy treated her the way she treated him we would all be saying she can do so much better .
people who say but hulu premium still has ads '' must either be huge grey 's anatomy fans or just stupid .
not really a ground cover but just a bunch of flowering plants .
my parents tore up their grass years ago and filled their yard with flowering plants and it looks way better than the grass ever did .
lmao this is what happens when you let your kids watch too much dbz now i 'm hitting metal with the instant transmission
everyone knows that letting americans into canadian hockey will just steal the spot for deserving canadians .
sata cables are n't rated for that much wattage .
my wife just not being into it due to all sorts of shit mostly religious purity culture trauma from before we were married .
meni čak to ni ne smeta radi pristojnosti nego se većinom vucaram po razgovorima s 5 različitih firmi i dok čekam povratnu informaciju jednih druga mi šalje ponudu i onda se nađem u sranju di nisam siguran jel pametnije uzet ovu ponudu pošto se ovi ne javljaju ili čekat jer su ipak malo bolji uvjeti .
doslovno samo skupiš mailove svih koji nisu dobili i pozdrav ne doviđenja '' da znam i bok
i seriously doubt this has anything to do with nato forces .
the way i see it there are really only three possibilities either it is what op said or the ukrainian military is successfully striking across the border or this is a false flag intended to drum up more support for the war and for coming atrocities .
i 'm honestly not sure which is the most likely .
back in my day your type cleaned my shoes ni***r ''
not saying that 's what happened but always good to consider all possibilities .
in atlanta we 've switched from choosing/being assigned prior to class to a sort of free-for-all sign up when we arrive .
similar to the old days of picking a card .
when asked about it we 've been told it 's a corporate decision .
will your regular 32db rated plugs protect for this ?
it can not be that hard to create a counter-weapon to this .
you can carry a lot of wattage in a backpack and satellite dishes are n't that heavy .
kohli has got out to spin yet again and do n't look at the strikerate again please .
unless you run the ac 24/7 throughout the summer you 'll never see the difference between seer 13 and 16 .
but can you current air handler furnace support 2 stage ac ?
i 'm guessing you do n't mean euphoria as in the show with zendaya ?
because if you do mean that then what does it have to do with japan ?
i have always thought it would have been great to see how it played out .
ignoring the fact that your 400 stake could go down by hundreds of dollars is also poor financial thinking fyi .
cultural appropriation '' is one of these weird things that came from america but the rest of the world can only laugh at it because it 's such a ridiculous concept .
did n't matt say in a later vid he had been going on the computer off camera trying to get some answers or find keywords to draw out the real deb and the computer kept saying there were no keywords this time .
there is a lot of info in that computer including hundreds of names of suspects as it initially told matt so he could indeed go on and try other questions .
and all the russian money and property that 's been sanctioned worldwide should be given ukraine for reparations .
fuck putin and his murderous plans for reunification of the ussr .
i know a couple folks who ordered 3 with the intent of flipping 2 ... .i 'm not that smart ...
and you 'd better give us a heads up when you 're out and driving so i can stalk you ...
i can help with that let 's fill that pussy up girl !
having a child is the worst carbon footprint you 'll ever have .
i just wear a g string with a cinching bag on the front .
this is really fucking not okay you were sexually assaulted and need to tell someone about it or just stay away ughhh
are n't there cameras or something in the chambers ?
i would think such an important place would have lots of security cameras .
if they have cameras maybe the leaker wo n't be hard to catch
i have a male family member who loves overwatch and his favorite character is mae .
he 'll say stuff like mae is bae as a joke but it 's just because he mains that character .
he 's not actually attracted or devoted to the character .
we got him some mae socks i think one year for christmas because it 's funny .
on the other hand if you 're idolizing or lusting after a character real or fictional that 's sinful .
oh ... that makes a lot more sense than small balls ...
the roe vs wade draft was written with the purpose to cause divide and unrest .
300 is n't much if you have a job and are n't living paycheck to paycheck especially for a fun game you 've invested thousands of hours into and you could rebuild everything in an hour or a few hours if you include getting the best gizmos .
the longest part would be waiting for the bonds to sell since you can only list eight at a time .
maybe i 'd only buy enough to rebuild bis in a single style and do challenging content for rare drops to rebuild the rest .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cripplingalcoholism if you have any questions or concerns .
if you want both in the same palette lethal cosmetics nightengale i think is the name which you can get stateside off camera ready cosmetics .
if you feel like dropping natasha denona 's blue/purple 28 pan palette is exactly this .
norvina vol.6 has blues and purples and might suit your needs .
politely inform the client that you will not tolerate verbal abuse and they should contact again once they have had time to basically relax .
i mean if i was a huge tool fan then being held/spooned by maynard for 10 minutes while he sings directly into my ear would be pretty awesome ... .
i do n't understand why people think they are n't .
epstein knight particularly have published a handful of books concluding that exactly .
any basic analysis of scotus 's history shows the justices absolutely have personal and political agendas that they routinely act on .
why did nobody suggest they get wanda to a universe where the boys have lost their mother and vision is there and she can fill that gap and have everything she wanted without hurting anyone ?
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/r4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/r4r is not a discussion forum except for metas .
here 's a convenient link for mobile users pm u/aridblue .
for more information see just pm them they know .
this action does not hide this post or affect its visibility or ranking in any way it is simply to prevent comments which are not appropriate .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
ops who wish to enable comments and accept low-effort responses may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i just really do think that it is going to be like when computers first came out it took a little while for people to catch on and stuff and in like 5-10 years these stocks could be worth maybe 50 to 100 a share i mean look at apple and ibm they all started off small people were n't sure of them and also with the whole blockchain technology quantum computers are going to have a huge effect on that my whole view on it is a long-term play .
and it does seem like they are all making good progress .
i 'm just bullish long-term from what i have been reading and looking into but everybody should do their own investigating and everybody 's been talking about the whole web 3 coming
edit to the butthurt christians crying about this statement i 'm sorry .
there is at least one good church out there but there 's also at least one for-profit church that should not be tax exempt .
please continue to hate on me like a good little christian 😂
first jack napier then will smith and now this guy ? !
someone in the background starts whistling the sesame street theme
this is actually true skin color was n't really an issue until we needed a justification for treating africans as sub-humans
i did this and was wholly unaware of this option and have subsequently deleted every trace of my online payments because i would forget to check paypal hehe
i could also simply complete my quarterly self-employment taxes and get some of this money back but alas .
my biggest accomplishment of 2021 was getting over 800 of charges declared as fraud when most likely i am the fraud 😭
gidip hayvanın anavatanı olan pakistan ve iraktan vahşi bir tanesini yakalıyım mı ?
let 's goooo man no better feeling then when you start to first get it🤙🏼it 'll get better with practice
che sogno ... faccia mani cazzo ... tutto ci infilerei in mezzo a quel paradiso
kundalini probably although i am not too big on defining things anymore .
went from full atheist there 's nothing beyond 3d '' guy to ... now .
oliver and coco too youre going to have a tonne of fun in this game if you put in the time to farm runes .
you should probably hurt yourself in real life in the game for this post
once you search the part and color you want you can sort the search by highest quantity instead of by price .
once you do this you 'll see who has large numbers of the pieces you 're after .
i think in general there are 400 pieces in 1 kg but you can google how many lego pieces are roughly in one lb of lego .
some sellers will have a black sales tag next to the price and if you hover over it you 'll see it means there is bulk pricing for that item .
i feel like i have lost something in myself .
i do n't crack jokes or talk as much as i used to .
i just do n't have that light hearted attitude anymore
no both gemini and uphold have a 4 device limit currently .
yeah when you work crazy hours you spend your down time at work coming up with the dream 😅
okay if i was wrong i 'm sorry i thought you could classify internment camps as concentration camps .
the definition of a concentration camp would fit a internment camp but using that term makes it seem as if i am directly comparing it to the nazis .
i 'd like a woman who is willing to turn it on when the time comes .
fb was in their freakiest hours when they wrote this !
! 😝🔥🔥🔥i 'm jel that bruno 's do n't hit like this 😒
i refuse to believe that these posts are legitimate and not just someone desperate for fake internet points
this kind of situation is why it isnt right for professors to date their students or psychologists to date their patients .
good do n't bend a knee to other 's opinions
however it is op and not just because people suck .
it does massive damage for just a couple quick taps of a button doubly so if the target has blood to lose .
it is hella cool and arcane is a really cool .
play keep away parry hyper armor high block/bleed resistance that 's about it .
people are allowed to not like fighting rob users .
i 'm going to second the tsa approved part .
some cadets at my shel did n't have an approved one and arrived at ft with a broken duffel lock .
quebec and louisiana are exceptions since they 're not in latin america and also in primarily english speaking countries .
their history and culture is definitely more related to the french though .
i 'm assuming they meant french guiana which translates to guinea and that would be a yes both french guiana and guyana are in latin america and therefore latino .
i wonder how if/how you will get penalized for that should you get unlucky and actually have someone to check it ...
i do n't wan na do a server tho i wanted to do survival
i believe this mentality stems from just misunderstanding what soft caps are and how scaling in general work
but 2nd part definitely not at the end of the day we all preform differently with each card even if they 're better '' on paper and obviously should use who we want .
i just reread the definition and i misunderstood it .
lynchers were n't prosecuted but you can lynch while still being prosecuted .
so i 'm playing on ps4 with a fanatic materialist empire and it 's been a few months without any robots being assembled could this be a bug ?
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here that_particular699 why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
omg i wish my gf was n't so prude and i would be able to watch her masturbate like this and lick it to clean later
is there a more iconic duo then conservatives and faux outrage ?
i actually do n't care about my bf that much and only measure my waist to assess my bf .
my goal is always to increase the muscularity in the mirror and the weight on the scale while keeping my waist around 29 .
this is the most puzzling comment on the whole post .
it 's too dumb to even be believable that you want an answer to it .
that is literally the only covid measure qe are still making is leaving doors open for ventilation .
i would much rather have someone come in quietly than interrupt me .
u/josephfidler op has awarded 5 delta s in this post .
all comments that earned deltas from op or other users are listed here r/deltalog/comments/uiw978/deltas_awarded_in_cmv_if_republicans_were_truly in r/deltalog .
please note that a change of view does n't necessarily mean a reversal or that the conversation has ended .
flight days are monday weds sun from what i 'm seeing .
while you have no duty to intervene and directly save someone failure to even contact emergency services would likely make it a crime .
it 's a shame that the super league clubs disbanded it
imagine going on hols and not having to worry about exchange rates being fleased at exchanges etc .
also easier to think in your currency of choice if something is a good deal or not .
i got a new license plate as well ... ..”ewwrichguy .
season 2 stats and giuseppe 's progress for the rebuild is up bro 💪 elam is becoming a problem too 😁
i do n't think any other comment is going to be better than this one .
conversations around selective service has always felt on parr with if women and men are equals then i should be able to punch a woman in the face in regards to just how stupid they are .
no it 's not a good idea mainly because it 's not fair .
i had to scour ebay and pay a kings ransom for some promo cards .
now those promo cards are just going to be included in the next release ? ! ?
those were exclusive to paxpaxcon and even though i did n't attend now that i have them no one else should .
i will go when my tbm husband wants to go .
i never understood anything about the whole temple ritual but enjoyed the quietness .
you had shit exes but one person or 2 people being shitty does n't mean no one ever will love you .
even majorly disabled people and those with illnesses that significantly impact their lives in major ways find partners amongst those 7 billion .
your condition is absolutely nothing compared to what some other people go through .
and they get by just fine so will you .
and nobody and i repeat absolutely no one is normal '' it is an entirely made-up concept .
there 's quirks and flaws in all of us that make us different or weird in some way .
as long as you learn to love yourself despite the things that you do n't think are great about yourself and you are n't a shit person there 's someone that will love you .
and if you truly want someone to love you wallowing in self pity and further convincing yourself of the false narrative that no one will love you and you 're not worthy of it will certainly not attract anyone .
unless you work to accept yourself the way you are and believe you 're worthy of love your life will only become a self-fulfilling prophecy of your false beliefs .
so in short i recommend going talking to a therapist about everything you feel and are going through .
the only thing wrong about you is the amount of self-hatred you harbor .
no bernie and his campaign staff are at fault stop making excuses to feel better about yourself
yes and you ca n't cook in your own kitchen and sell the food out of it .
you would need a commercial kitchen to do it .
in sure you could sell to just his co-workers but if you want to expand out you would need to find a kitchen to cook out of .
just tell him that white people live in three to four continents .
and does the rape have to be convicted to count '' ?
this is the question that people do n't ever fully consider .
if abortion became illegal with the exception of rape cases that would mean every woman who got an abortion would have to prove she was raped .
it 's extremely unlikely for a report of rape to even make it to court and extremely unlikely for those cases that do make it that far to actually find the perpetrator guilty .
not to mention the enormous amount of trauma that victims go through in a court room when facing their rapist .
honestly the likelihood that a rape victim would get an abortion and then end up in prison bc the court does n't believe she was raped is extremely high !
the guy who liked posts with our homes being bombed and then removing those likes .
agreed as i also have trouble picturing some scenes or descriptions .
which in turn makes books like lady trent with its appropriately placed illustrations even more amazing to experience .
please read the subs rules and check out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/medical/wiki/index as it goes more in depth about different topics as well as other informative advice/resources .
if they 're any comments under this post that violate rule 3 community safety please report them .
remember to stay on topic and not make jokes towards the op or each other .
reminder if you think what you 're experiencing is an emergency then get off reddit and call 911 or go to your local hospital ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical if you have any questions or concerns .
ha yeah i think my ruby was more like two months in the end .
the withdrawal fees were what killed it for me https plutus.it/fees
that scene when he 's talking about his wife .
all ad-libbed and matt damon 's responses were genuine .
kind of good though because it keeps instagram culture from bleeding in as much here
am i missing them somewhere in battlescribe or is it just cosmetic ?
when i was 11 i had a grown ass man literally grope my boobs and tell me are you sure you 're 11 ?
i 'm telling you now this shit starts early .
not gon na hire you to be/think you are pro-prostitution there therefor should n't be an issue with this post .
every person with downs is different so it would be upsetting to a strip joint for his first sexual experience .
loved how lady had to get out of duck 's way in the end .
anything judd apatow does is trash so it was not surprising .
email the school for deferment of studies since u have n't start .
the plan above is only if the other options has been exhausted out .
firstly what your colleague did is use git revert to undo your commit .
that adds a revert commit reversing the changes you pushed .
coming to your issue i 'm not sure what problems you 're facing with the merge .
an interactive rebase seems like the best way to solve this .
cherry pick all the commits except your wrong one and the revert .
we encourage you to link to your nightcafé post to gain some of those sweet sweet likes and let other users evolve on top of your creation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nightcafe if you have any questions or concerns .
i would say that his version of the lightning ability would be a kind of force field with an electric counter .
i do n't think injuries play any part in my struggles with consistency .
never had an injury related to running but it 's not like i 've run a lot in my life anyway .
but i 've always been wary of them hence why i always have rest days between runs .
it was what i thought i was wondering if the op was mentioning something specific that their school does .
is it such a horrible thought that someone else might make some gil ?
to have to go through this undercutting bs over the span of hours days in the case of my fish i finally yanked them off and cooked them because to hell with that is just ... i have no words .
i think the person that hired gutierrez bears some responsibility .
armeror is a serious job and they hired a tatted up 23 year old in skinny jeans that styled her hair with a tie dye kit .
i feel like it 's also important to note there is a variant where you are restricted and the drops fall exactly in the very same spot not sure if it 's chinese though with the goal to make it even more irritating rather than getting some rest '' for the spot .
that 's some black magic shit he 's a skin walker by night
the second nato enters war with russia even on foreign soil russia will go apeshit like never before .
that 's one of the things putin and his idiotic military have been doing for years trying to provoke a war with nato so they can have a 'valid ' in their eyes excuse to cut loose .
use a separate wallet/account for spending then for holding the majority of your balance .
you can fill the spending account by withdrawing from an exchange instead of by transferring between accounts so the two are impossible to link for the general public .
it all comes with time friend there 's plenty of fish in the sea who want to swim with you .
with the benefit of seeing how strong creator can play in a normal game i guess he should 've played normally .
a 6 mineral patch gold base is only a short term advantage in income .
the only long term advantage is that you 've mined out a more forward base early leaving more minerals in a safe position .
the food was all good according to all in attendence .
the inventory fall was a bug that was fixed a long time ago you could freely open your inventory while falling and that would uncap your fall speed and skip the stagger animation you get when hit the ground .
you can still inventory drop but it 's very precise tou have to walk of a ledge and open inventory right before you fall .
the pause unpause to regain control is very limited though iirc it only happens when you get a vertical screen transition so i 'm not sure if they a really fixed it since it does n't have much use
got it i was n't sure what we were considering the technological concept '' underpinning the internet .
leni and her filipino ncd supporters is for me ?
do not be mean insulting or disrespectful to any other user on this subreddit .
do not harass or annoy others in any way .
catfishing is the luring of somebody into an online friendship through a fake online persona .
you will be banned if you are homophobic transphobic racist sexist or bigoted in any way .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ask if you have any questions or concerns .
well i guess we got ta add mjd to the list since you did n't mention him in a list of guys he was better than
i 'm not easily triggered but i do get a little triggered .
the different layers makes it a lot worse so i think that 's what triggers me most
ca n't say i will ever have enough basic storm troopers .
lol yeah i heard about corgan playing a lot of wretzky 's and iha 's parts but i 'd like to think the stories are exaggerated and even if not at least they wrote them .
in the days after i realized the republican party would survive this and only if the rioters had actually killed mike pence would there have been consequences for the party .
the loop our primary skyscraper downtown area it legit clears out by like 6pm and the tons of restaurants that mostly make money from the lunch hour all close .
on the weekends if you 're west of state street its got nothin going on comparatively
an entire traffic system running under the main part of the city .
its a serious benefit i really do n't think other places aside from chicago have a need infrastructure of .
to be fair anything that is n't a quarter or a dime is practically worthless nowadays .
if you 're insisting on it being harley i can promise you 1000 that it was n't sadly .
a still shot was used as a meme by various camps of bigoted misogynists for freakout/libs/triggered/snowflakey/feminismbad type stuff .
this video shows she is pretty calm and articulate even though she has very expressive facial expressions .
if you need to ‘interpret ' what a graph claims to measure rather than its results it certainly is an infantile graph
i was older then her but i remeber my first glasses and how amazed i was by being able to see the single leaves on a tree that was moving in the wind .
no it will run the last gen version of the game not the series s/x version .
nobody is going to make the xbox app a social media app they regularly check out for content .
i did the pims online program its relatively easy and i only had to go into pittsburgh for about 3 weeks in total .
theres also several other online programs around the country and they do a good job of letting you know the requirements based on the state you live .
if you have any questions please feel free to message me i will help you all i can .
all they need to add is a luck stat which we can raise
once worked at a pizza spot a super woke read annoying guy came in and aggressively demanded to know if the cheese we used had tree bark in it .
was just trying to make a living not be homeless .
found out years later that apparently tree bark is used in shredded cheese anti caking agent .
i mean you look like shit in your p***y***jamas but who cares ?
bonus na lang pag malapit ka sa kapilya kasi madali kang ma guilt trip .
the older i get the more i ca n't stomach this stuff .
when i was younger i actively looked for vids like this .
if you want to make sure check that the item description says sold by amazon '' .
if not you can just buy on aliexpress or taobao at least you know that you 'll get fakes there .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/panties if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm glad i did n't watch on monday then if this game is better '' .
yikes it 's still a shit show from the bolts .
your submission was removed spammy titles are not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickwhitegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
the expanse had a situation just like that in the second season .
they shot their way into the evil scientist 's lab and while he was telling the heroes about how important his research was for mankind that required him to murder and infect a whole populated spaceport the jaded detective guy shot him in the head .
i did n't kill him because he was crazy .
i killed him because he was making sense . ''
i sold after earnings at 1.35 and havent looked back .
made back losses on prog through lgvn and negg .
now i can come back to it and actually get more shares now at a better price if i wanted .
i learned the hard way not to get married to any stock .
i 'm prepared for 5 but i 'm hoping we can skip 5 .
i really do n't want to kill anyone or have anyone i love get killed .
you must be addicted to something by age 30 or you get sent back to the country club for retraining .
have n't got anything at all on my profit/loss screen .
updated time looks to be more than 20 mins behind like they have lost live pricing too ...
that just sounds like he 's suspecting an affair or addiction honestly .
also i never cleaned it so that might have helped do n't judge me
father and divorcée i wish you would be my daughter since !
i wonder what size tire he has and what offset they are
i wonder given the continuing decline in religiosity https www.pewresearch.org/religion/2019/10/17/in-u-s-decline-of-christianity-continues-at-rapid-pace in the general population when will politicians stop trying to pander to that demographic ?
obviously he 's not the only one to blame the writing was abysmal .
to be a top tier trainer in europe you dont have to rack up league titles nor cups
peps last cl is like 11 years ago with a barca dreamteam that could have been coached by a fking monkey
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
your supervisor is supposed to input it into pay from the scan spreadsheet that tracks your scans .
it 's 5 seconds per scan so at most you are missing is 5 dollar per pay period
lunker city fin-s fish and wyandotte worms for vertical jigging .
casting i usually stick with the tried and true twister tail .
blue ice for clean water black for dirty water .
your submission has been removed due to your account not having at least 10 karma combined post and comment .
please note that only post and comment karma count on reddit awarder or awardee karma do not contribute to your score .
we encourage you to participate in communities of things you find interesting first in order to build up karma .
you may still pm users who post https redd.it/3l79t4 there will be no exceptions to this rule .
please do not spam modmail with requests to release your content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
as a muslim we will also pass due to the no pork '' rule we lot abide by .
stand between everyone and ask if they need a hand
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here somnum_osseus why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
so the guys i work with are all from state prisons .
if i get some time or mental energy i 'll see what i can find out for you .
so the deck just loads itself with i win bombs and four trickerys and then just casts something cheap and self counters ?
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=idkamph .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like a good pop up congrats ... congrats what did u use to study
there should be some type of air bnb or something that people in neighboring states are willing to do for those in states where there are strict abortion laws .
and it should be free of charge and judgement .
i believe in my heart there are plenty of people who 'd be willing to do this myself included .
se fosse essa a fragilidade percebida pelo ancelloti ele não teria colocado um jogador de 1.74m pra explorar.. e tem uma diferença entre jogar fechado esperando uma bola no contra-ataque como abel fez desde o início do jogo contra começar jogando totalmente aberto buscando espaço com jogadores extremamente talentosos e campeões como os do real pra depois tomarem gols e buscarem o refugo da bola na área no tudo ou nada faltando poucos minutos pra encerrar o jogo..
why the fuck is dj giving away take fouls in the bonus
a great read imo if youre ever in the mood .
ive never watched the movie is it a must watch or more of a decent movie
there 's a very real chance this dude never plays a single game for brooklyn .
the choice of user name suggests they may be male .
bro you put tk shame the one i was about to post
all i want for star wars day is an aho hat trick .
after working in a environment that required me to move hundreds of large heavy bags consistently lead to muscle gain and tone .
i get much more attention now than i ever did when i was less muscular .
woman look as much as men do sometimes more so they will notice if you take care of yourself and if you keep a more fit physique as you say .
fight against rent control or property use restrictions generally ?
could n't have been working on organizing such a vote prior of course .
i love how texas can vehemently dislike lappland and still be shipped with her by the fanbase
sorry your comment has been automatically removed for your title or comment containing '' dm me '' '' .
this is due to your post potentially breaking one of our rules .
please read the sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/nudes/about/rules before resubmitting .
if you think the post was removed by accident please contact the moderators via modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've been getting free drinks a few times a week the charged lemonades are delicious !
we would n't have seen badass apho2 mei if she took up that offer though so everything is just according to keikaku .
i too will send these out if you dm me to the limit of my resources .
an organism that lives in or on an organism of another species its host and benefits by deriving nutrients at the other 's expense
as if kavanuagh and gorsuch were n't bad enough ... ..then ... .at the very last second we get crazy eyes evangelical catholic karen thrown upon us .
may trump and all his voters rot in their own worst personal versions of the hell they believe in .
i just asked the immediate folks i raided with in person .
7 accounts 3 raids 2 total rare xl candy .
it 's a little heavy handed but i think that shyamalan was trying to channel a sort of hitchcockian suspense vibe or maybe more specifically the robert wise version of the haunting where you never really see anything .
and i think modern audiences or audiences from 14 years ago just are n't geared for that .
they need to see everything with the most incredible visual effects in the world probably because they 've forgotten how to be active participants in a film where they actually have to pay attention .
it 's definitely miscast at least for the lead role because john leguizamo 's performance is fairly passable .
zooey deschanel does absolutely nothing but play zooey deschanel which is fine because mark wahlberg plays mark wahlberg having sworn off acting after boogie nights apparently .
no shot i 'd try and listen to a leak at this point .
i 've waited 5 years i can wait 9 more days
the music the suspense the feeling of impending doom ...
the refs have actually made this game boring to watch
yoda was modeled after the guy who designed him .
they pull useable parts off and sell them as used then the steel and metal is scrapped off .
if you have n't go to a u pull it or a pick and pull .
if you love cars it 's a great way to spend a day .
and it really shows how people in poverty get by and use the scraps of the upper classes to get by .
if you want to work in the oe field you will have to come to terms that we make cars for the people who can afford to buy them .
your last point about remaking a car to be a ev so be more cheaper/green is probably not true .
imo has i do n't have any data to prove it .
the best car for the environment is the one you have or can make work for as long as possible .
it takes a lot of energy to make cars stamping metal casting metal making plastic parts move all the parts to the plants .
and this would good for a new powertrain for a vehicle .
better to just fix what is broke and break less .
strikers are confidence players and his looks completely shot in front of goal .
please check the side bar for the rules and other useful info .
they 've made at least 6 films together from what i can remember
we have to keep the lower class entertained or they might realize we took all the money . ''
i worked at geek squad in college and we usually would be routinely reject gross computers before they ever got checked in .
we had a new front desk person that had n't gotten quite gotten comfortable telling customers no .
one day he comes back to our work area out of view of customers carrying the nastiest looking and smelling computer i have ever seen .
when he set it down we saw bugs scatter there was a layer of grime/dust/cat piss extending out of the back of the case .
we immediately grabbed gloves a box and the industrial trash bags and sealed it off like it was a cursed relic .
our manager called the customer and told him to take the box and to not bring it back somehow the guy felt the need to protest since the tech did n't reject it at check in .
boss pulled rank and said our bench smelled like piss and cat shit and to come get it before we tossed it in the compactor .
that firmly ended the discussion he came and sheepishly picked up the box and never returned .
his cunt life spent a lot of energy trying to be penelope cruz
once we explained who we were and what we were doing to the meth cook boss everything was cool .
we did our job got out of there got paid and everything was all good the whole time we were there after the initial intimidating introduction from the cook boss but still nothing i 'd like to do again .
it 's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere .
please take note of the recent 2021 rule changes .
upvote this post if you feel this it is an example of an androgynous hottie downvote or report for rule 1 if you do not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/androgynoushotties if you have any questions or concerns .
my cousin was in the same prison as him mccreary usp .
hifumi was just a better makoto yet makoto is still there .
a friend of mine who has been my friend in many lifetimes is having a very negative experience this time around and we ca n't be friends this time .
i know i am going to run into them again in the near future and they are going to be just as angry and negative as they were the last time i saw them .
but maybe that is the role they need to play this time .
maybe their purpose this time made it necessary for them to be having a hard time of it to be in the right place at the right time to accomplish their goal .
i mean if you are going to help someone who is on a plane then you need to be on a plane at the right time etc .
i 'd suggest gaming communities if you are not good at keeping in touch .
with game discords now you just log on and talk while playing .
if you want to meet players near you there are usually forums or facebook page for local players if not you can start one .
mine has never leaked and i 've been using it for 10 months .
you should n't go to twitter but if you want your answer go to twitter .
6 slices weighing .7oz the total weight of turkey should be 4.3oz
i never hear about any of it except from chappelle .
you having rage boner over it does n't mean anyone else cares as much .
at the rate the refs are going the championship games are going to be all day long games
wow perfect just what i needed to hear as i 'm sitting on the plane waiting for takeoff from san diego to portland
i just do n't get why boomers think there 's some merit to doing things that can get you killed .
i mean sure it 's not good to have children 's eyes glued to their mobile devices 24/7 but jumping out of a building is definitely not an improvement neither of these are good at all .
i wish social media was monitored better maybe then she wouldnt have access to adhd medication easily either .
i would start with the battleforce a cathallar and a box of sentinels .
after that add teclis more sentinels and more wardens .
she 's living at her parents house rent free and has had a decent job the past 4 months .
husso had a shutout and the only goals have been two failed pks and two shit turnovers .
it looks like you 've posted a premise or a question .
for future reference showerthoughts are almost exclusively conclusions and should not be what if ? ''
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
is there a setting in the config to stop block spreading or you did this with other mod or plugin ?
i 'm sorry i just imagined a bunch of politician looking dudes in fancy suits just politely standing in a bedroom
one thing i want to add about mugwort as many are suggesting it as it does help if you have a uterus it can cause a loss of pregnancy .
if you are n't pregnant it actually helps with your cycle and stuff which is pretty cool .
there 's also valerian root idk if that can be a tea i have capsules of it .
there 's also some stuff on amazon that 's basically all the sleep herbs compiled and you could definitely try them but if you do it herb by herb you 'll know what works best for you .
there used to be something called lucidesc which was amazing but i had to make sure i would fall asleep right away or else i would get strong strong auditory hallucinations .
i legit felt like there was a radio in my head with an announcer and songs that were sort of familiar .
it drove me crazy until i realized why i was experiencing it .
i know for most from what i 've read herbs it 's a good idea to use them every other day as too much of it can cause headaches and mind fog although it 's nothing super severe it 's something to keep in mind .
vid concluded that it was probably never real and shit that tests were run on children without consent and it was kept secret
i saw hereditary but with like 2 other people sitting in random seats .
i enjoyed it but idk if i would do it again lol .
tinfoil supports usb loading so assuming you have a decent enough usb c cable should n't take any longer than like 5 minutes max to transfer any game
and with gert fröbe in a starring role fröbe played the title character in the movie adaptation of fleming 's james bond novel goldfinger .
i wish my route was tight like yours so i can get that amount every day .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
reddit is simple they see word trump they downvote lol
if you work in my hospital you 'd have to be knighted with the bell of a stethoscope instead .
worth getting your blood pressure monitored if this is the case !
often the reason the floor is so comforting is due to low blood pressure your brain wants to be on the same level as your heart .
the first car i drove was a 2017 sport 32k miles .
it had maintenance records on the carfax and seemed to be up to date on what it needed .
it was pretty poorly cared for though had a big dent on the front right fender and the tires on the factory nogaro wheels were balder than mr. clean .
it did come with a set of steelies with good snow tires on them .
the second car i drove was a 2017 s 42,700 miles .
carfax was clean no accidents no damage 2 owner car in kansas and az how it ended up at a dealer in pa is beyond me .
needed nothing dsg service just had been done came with 2 year 24k mile warranty that the dealer told me was 'bumper to bumper minus wear items ' .
it was exceptionally clean but did n't have the performance pack .
this one was slightly cheaper retail price but the total loan amount was like 24,600 .
i can afford that payment and have good credit but i do n't really want to finance that much if possible .
i 'd rather wait a bit and put like 4-6k down .
if my gf had n't gone with me to see this one i probably would have brought it home .
for reference i 'm 22 and currently drive a 195,000 mile mazda 3 .
insurance for me on a gti is going to be about 135/mo for very good coverage perfect driving record .
i make enough that the payments on that price of car would n't be a problem but would not be ideal .
the downside is that if i look for a more normal '' car other choice is a newer mazda 3 i 'm paying about the same general range for a similar condition car with less fun .
because is perfect for this '' he moves his hand down to your new thigts and presses it hard then he moves it upwards and lift your leg.. no underwear ? ''
not the attachments themselves but the system ca n't remember what it is called that works and i like being able to swap anything i want to fit my situation .
never played a game that felt that streamlined changing attachments .
their purpose is exactly this challenge big corporations from destabilizing the market .
would you be able to post a picture of the nesfa bindings ?
for example the top of the text block at the spine ?
at the end of the day the govt should n't have any say in anyone 's bodily autonomy .
the wwf wrestlers are all on steroids but the acting and staging of politics is it on steroids
how about something for it to fit in my cup holder without falling over .
i actually have two main questions myself if that 's okay !
these images are loaded into a machine that etches the image onto thin flexible metal print plates .
are these metal print plates etched in a way that if you took them off and looked at them you could likely only sorta make out the cards ?
and if so is it possible for an average sam me to acquire one ?
the front of the card has a severe registration issue that makes it appear to be double printed on top of every single color layer being off-center .
iirc was n't this an issue '' people were seeing relatively frequently with jumpstart packs ?
so its possible that those packs were from the clean '' scrap sheets ?
also just wanted to say your comments were really helpful !
i really enjoy learning how things i consider common/everyday things work/are made !
i would jump on and off the smt ds rb icon just to hear the hee ho !
i offer this counter tama is already in the new world and grew up in wano as opposed to luffy in the east blue .
i think after seeing other kids on famous crews law sugar baby 5 i can see her joining .
she has a strong fruit and would be able to be trained not only in combat but in so much stuff with all the experts on the sh crew .
i 'm not a heavy cart user 1g will easily last a few months so when not using i put mine back in the tube they come in .
that is what i expect from that kazuma spin-off .
since iris will probably debut in the next anime project i would n't be surprised if they release it alongside the anime .
the joke would be just being able to get one person to sign up lol
yes and then next weekend it 'll be efl in reds and so on
think of the 3 am wakeup feeling dehydrated and anxious and filled with self loathing and regret .
then a fitful sleep to the start of a hungover day .
plus it 's very easy to say fuck it and have some drinks to try to feel better and the cycle continues for me anyway .
i get that some people are pretentious abou tit but it can be infuriating to watch a whole bunch of people talk non stop about how great soemthig is when they have no idea what it actually is they 're just word vomiting the marketing back at you .
my finance 's ex wife used to brag constantly to me about her air fryer and how convenient it is .
she keeps it on the counter between both of her ovens yes she had two of them both of which have a convection setting .
grov göteborgska och det börjar men en joint det går över i hasch sen så är de inne i hela systemet
i need one of those plastic mouth openers at work .
this is a very good point that i am recognizing right now .
i 'm in day 11 of cutting out sweets and it 's true you do n't crave them when you do n't have them .
now imagine someone saying that in a 1950s commercial voice with some jingle at the end
this image makes me cum so fucking much for long time
i magically managed to flip the bleed port screw upside down in the port when it slipped off the tool upon removal .
i 've tried tweezers turning upside down and banging and it 's not coming out .
i just saw swiftie updates on twitter talking about how she tried and failed to purchase her masters back .
i have found employees generally say yes if they get nominated by someone else .
set up a job description explain what the role entails and maybe instead of one person elect two to split the duties so they do n't feel like they are alone in the role .
explain they will get training and that it 's excellent to enable change if they want anything improved within the company
there are many different medications in a couple classes that act as an anti androgen .
you would speak with a knowledgeable doctor to decide which and which method would be right for you .
trying to purchase prescription medications onljne or supplements etc that claim thr same effects is a recipe for disaster
smaller planes are still a huge percentage of short haul and regional flights .
and the much lower costs of electric air travel is expected to open up many more routes that are n't currently viable .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/huestation/comments/uj8atj/deus
and now book marks are organized by type this is actually a great update !
y'all why 's this being downvoted you ca n't attach images in reddit comments
thats what it launched with and honestly is a way cleaner install .
u/emma_model please verify use this link https www.reddit.com/r/petite/wiki/edit/getverified failure to verify when asked by one of the mod team will result in you being muted until verified .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
yup the yellow and blue pipes are what is important for unpowered setups ... and advances upgrades for filtering
as a probie you wo n't be going inside until your certified hopefully .
be able to get anything on the truck when called for without going through every compartment .
participate in your local training as often as you can .
on calls stick with your officer or while external-only the driver .
be able to do anything they might ask you to .
do n't stop taking classes after you pass firefighter 1 or your equivalent .
take more like engine truck and vehicle extrication and others .
i realized that i spelt it wrong while it was uploading it does n't let me change it .
you used the item 'bow with ribbons ' and did 4 extra bless damage .
a lot of people spend a lot of time catching pokemon in specific balls because they kind of match the color or theme of the pokemon .
idk he looked fine when i was on computer lmao but then i saw this pic on my phone and was like ... . ? ? ?
so long as you realize porn is the action movie version of sex .
be sure to take regular breaks from it and use your imagination instead .
the funny part is that when everyone screams rigged '' you can tell who yelled it this time by the votes on r/michigan .
brother you 're still purposely ignoring the point being made .
if a cop does something wrong with no consequences and every other cop does nothing after that happens are they not also the problem ?
why do the good cops '' who do n't deserve to be called bastards continue to allow the bastard cops to act the way they do without consequences .
once more if there 's one bad cop and every other cop allows or defends that cop please explain to me how those cops are good cops ?
critical dices seem to consistently and heavily favor the enemy and i would love to see some solid materials demonstrating otherwise
i have a better idea just provide us your materials showcasing us consistent and heavy favor of enemy '' .
this is more appropriate for the wreddit daily discussion thread .
click here to find the most recent wreddit daily discussion thread https go.wredd.it/daily .
if you feel this post was removed incorrectly after reading the rules of the subreddit please lodge an appeal to the moderators with a link to your post by clicking here .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsquaredcircle subject=appealing_a_removal if your post was removed in error it will be re-approved or you will be asked to repost .
recalling first-impression thoughts instantly mattified a glowy complexion did n't look cakey or heavy over pores or texture did n't collect in my fine lines
comments i applied this over a tried-and-true foundation that i 've been using for a long time vt cosmetics and worked up a sweat today .
i did n't add any setting spray as i wanted to analyze the powder 's performance on its own accord .
i applied the powder to my face with an unbranded multicolored unicorn powder brush .
wear-test results after i broke a sweat it all went downhill from there .
it could n't retain its integrity and completely broke apart .
when my face fully dried it attempted to re-form and it ended up just looking heavy and cakey all over my face .
i think this is an absolutely gorgeous looking powder right after initial application but it does n't have the durability that i search for and it does n't have that 'resistant ' formula that i need from my setting powders .
this powder will be one i reach for when i 'm doing a quick makeup look that i do n't plan on wearing for a long time .
i 'm giving this a 'c ' rating because it 's not technically a 'bad ' powder but it does n't have what i personally need in a setting powder .
recalling first-impression thoughts ultra-pigmented hard to control had to use two separate brushes to effectively blend it out
comments did i ever tell you just how pigmented this is ? !
i dipped my wet n wild angle brush in one time then tapped off the excess and was still met with an oversupply of blush on my face !
fir this wear-test i applied this blush on its own no added bronzer or highlighter to skew the results .
wear-test results after 12-hours of wear it looked pretty unscathed .
there was no patching and there was no break-apart .
if you are looking for a non-budging blush this would be a great contender !
bear in mind it 's possibly the most pigmented blush i 've ever used .
i 've also been reaching for this every single day because this color is absolutely beautiful .
over the course of several days i have finally learned a better way to apply so it looks super-gorgeous .
i have received a lot of compliments on this specific blush while wearing it !
recalling first-impression thoughts the most special shade in the palette is a total dud the color-story is n't cohesive shimmers are sheer and refuse to layer
comments after trying to formulate a second look for this wear-test it 's tough to put into words just how much i despise this palette .
it 's not impossible to use but it takes a lot of effort and i 'm not always in the mood to conjure up some creative look .
after using it again the matte formula is still decent blendable pigmented but the shimmers remain finicky .
no matter the method of application it continues refusing to work in any manner .
wear-test results after a full 12-hour day of wear the inner portion of my eyeshadow look completely balded and i was able to see through to my actual eyelid .
in my personal opinion this palette does n't have very much going for it all the aforementioned thoughts still apply and now we can add 'does n't wear well ' to that list .
recalling first-impression thoughts an average mascara wet and messy application gives a kind of clumpy look not extremely black
comments please note that i believe travel-sized and full-sized mascaras give two completely different results even if they are the exact same in title i was kind of bored with this the first time i used it but for this wear-test i actually enjoyed it .
i applied it to my bare uncurled and unprimed lashes as i wanted to gauge its solo wear .
the brush size and shape on this mascara was just absolutely pleasant .
not only was it easy to build up but it took me no time at all !
wear-test results after looking at the results from the wear-test i was genuinely surprised !
i did n't get any flaking or significant smudging at all !
i did have a slight hint of slightly dark transfer near my lower lashline but it 's really not dissuading .
after my positive experience applying it today paired with these great results i 'm pretty impressed !
aysha has a great reaction vid on twitter too !
yea but hes still spamming arrows as a turret and its frustrating as hell !
please please please jesse use abilities traps spear etc etc !
u/emma_model your submission has been successfully posted in r/petite !
please ensure that you have followed the rules and thank you for posting .
moderators have the final say in whether or not an image or comment is acceptable for this subreddit .
if you do n't agree with any of those rules please do n't post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
i would add miricleman and the incal to that shelf all of berserk akira the boys weapon x gallery edition .
actually all of the marvel gallery editions have been amazing they are oversized and really show off the art .
32-year-old daniel pastor 's mother reported him missing sunday after he left his home in the 300 block of northwest friar street in st. lucie county florida .
he was last seen wearing a blue nike shirt blue jeans and a blue baseball hat and was on a skateboard .
his body was found less than 3 miles east wednesday may 4 2022 in a small canal between a cvs and a home at northeast solida circle and northeast floresta drive .
the .1 of germs survived your ruthless attack and are building a colony to retaliate !
open a stock account or if your employer offers a 401k put in as much as they will match .
get a credit card that gives you cash back .
before you know it you will wake up and be 40 .
you do not have all the time in the world and if you want to be able to retire early and enjoy life start planning now .
if you do not sell your content we would strongly encourage you to verify or at very least ask for the nofans flair .
we now have a special flair for posters who share with us and do not sell their content .
if you would like to stand out a little more please read the verification guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/braless/wiki/verificationguidelines and we 'll get you verified .
also please consider visiting our discord server https discord.gg/2aavervr3p or r/teasing same concepts as r/braless but with fewer restrictions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/braless if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks for posting u/hadleyduh.to all the people commenting feel free to give your honest opinion but comments must be free from insults ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickwhitegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
nobody has mentioned yet how this can/will interact with timeless jewels .
for certain if the ie-keystone is outside the timeless jewel area you can allocate some of the transformed passives .
but if you can allocate passives around a keystone that has been transformed into a timeless one there could be some really interesting edge cases and i wonder what they 'd look like .
gap closed and looked nearly complete up until the station itself .
did you make him grey to contrast the bronze/gold of regular shiny sableye ?
dog video i made for when i disagree with people https media.discordapp.net/attachments/716841087137873920/971966360353644595/soobkitty-otter_1.mp4 ! ping dog
i 'm gon na start mindlessly playing on my phone because everytime i do that we score
pmdb is one of those albums people do n't discuss often so far as i can tell but almost every gizz fan appreciates it .
personally it 's one of my favorite but not much to discuss at this point
2 adjustment of fire horizontal drive/elevation mechanism whatever 's needed to get next tier aof is pretty necessary almost all the time as it reduces spread of fire
for casemate tds like stug and hetzer bumping up the mobility modules engine stuff might be worth it but the list is my general flow
not your opinion mine i 'm not going to force anyone to do anything .
first i am a christian mennonite living in canada .
i do n't know or care very much about the current issues in the united states surrounding this .
i am fine with morning after pills but nothing more then that .
i personally believe that when consenting to sex that person also consents to the chance of getting pregnant sex is biologically the way people procreate .
feel free to have sex condoms and birth control exist to minimize risk of pregnancy and if something breaks i 'm fine with taking a morning after pill .
i understand there are risks and rare complications i totally support and understand aborting a baby when one or both people will or will have a high chance of dying during birth .
rape is not a joke and i see why people make an argument that abortion should be allowed there .
i think all rape victims should be offered an after morning pill along with all the other support and treatment they should be given .
now some people can not afford children and still get pregnant .
there is adoption i understand what people are going to say it 's a horrible system and it 's so overcrowded and under funded maybe the government should do something about that .
i personally know three families in my area that have adopted due to the fact that they can not have their own children there are more people that want to love and take care of children .
however adoption is a horribly long process taking years and huge amounts of money .
maybe the government should fix these issues making it easier to adopt and giving them more money .
the government should also provide way better sex education to the public so that less accidental pregnancies happen .
people that can not afford to have kids have options .
i do n't know when the soul enters the body of a child to let them live their life in earth and make the choice to either follow god or go their own way i do n't think it is right to deny anybody this choice .
i think i have covered everything if you have questions please reply i 'll see if i can answer them .
below krakens fall above reapers and by ashen reaches .
there 's no forts down there but the fleet there was incredibly buggy .
not sure if we 'll see the krakens fall one reappear but they should definitely add more back since it 's the only naval event we have right now
i think nick is still being affected by biange energy her brother noted she was still getting stronger the first time we saw him examining and testing her and its unrelated to the whole hybrid thing .
that said i do think the alchemist is hiding things .
she said the were created well before the weapons and that was on special order of the emperor about immortality and the whole thing kind of reminds me of avatar with access to previous lifes and memories and skills probably ...
for some reason i keep thinking the alchemist true go is to be reborn maybe she needs an empty vessel to do it i.e .
r/promoteonlyfans is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
i actually find this policy one of the major weaknesses of reddit .
it is about over-moderating everything that is said to the point of ridiculousness .
give the blood thirsty one a sling so that he does those fatalities and hits moral more and can shut down undead
idk i 'm not reading your texts so i ca n't say but maybe she was just trying to relate vs one upping .
r/onlyfans101inked is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101inked if you have any questions or concerns .
i just finished a lesson and this was the first thing on my reddit feed..
this sounds like it would be a wicked kitbash which is kinda how i feel about dark-mech as a whole .
ps1/ps2 bios is also illegal as they are pirated .
play it legit or do n't play it at all .
yeah it 'd be great if y'know i had discretionary income to invest instead of trying to not be evicted .
gapminder states 80 of land used for food agriculture is for meat production .
without that burden i feel like we 'd probably have way less difficulty farming sustainably .
estimating this number is very tricky as the specific land use is not known for every farm in the world .
the first source poore nemecek 1 for this estimate is a peer-reviewed study in the journal science based on a sample of farms containing more and better data from certain countries and from commercial farms but almost no data from small farms which could skew the number either way .
however the figure is similar to other sources including the un food and agriculture organization fao which puts the figure at 80 .
the figure of 83 which we used as the correct answer only considers land used for food disregarding things like biofuel cotton and leather .
the land that animals have to roam and graze on is larger than the amount of land used to grow crops .
it is important to realize though that not all of that land would be suitable to grow crops on .
1 reducing food 's environmental impacts through producers and consumers science 1st june 2018 poore nemecek
3 livestock on our plates or eating at our table ?
a new analysis of the feed/food debate global food security september 2017 mottet and haan et al
5 for this question we consulted two independent experts including navin ramankutty of the university of british columbia .
as i finished reading that second comment i felt robbed of the moment i spent reading it .
bet that person feels like some intellectual paragon with an opinion that cuts at the core of our times .
nah no different than a stick in the mud except no the stick is more charismatic and might have a point ...
we put in on 4/19 ... so hopefully tomorrow or early next week all systems will be go .
he is so goddamn awkward i love all of his scenes .
i 'm clearly not gon na change your mind which fine i understand wanting to defend a guy with potential who 's getting nothing but hate but you ca n't act like being a net positive is the same thing as offering a significant contribution .
he 's a free out at the plate right now 3-4 times a game .
he 's not saving 3 outs a game that another guy standing where the shortstop stands could n't prevent .
i love that we 're a defense centric team but you have to draw the line somewhere and batting .119 with a .420 ops is pretty darn close to or past where that line is for most people .
clips like these help me remember the wrestling during my childhood so thank you .
i assumed he turned heel with evolution and clearly i 'd forgotten .
if luz does appear here 's how i predict it goes down
luz hooty and king are on their way back from their mission to titan trapper island .
they find that the owl house is surrounded and decide to take refuge at hexside .
the ensuing episode includes a b-plot involving keeping them hidden
loopring promised their holders quarters worth of announcements at their december meeting .
many people thought it was a scam when they did n't announce .
they insinuated they had since signed nda 's since that statement but they as the token operator could not disclose who they signed it with .
people took that ambiguity as a sign to sell and denigrate the token as a shitcoin when its clearly not .
thus they kept dropping more hints about big info behind nda wall which assuaged loopring supporters into keeping their bags no matter the drop .
frankly i 'd do more research before spending time complaining you do n't understand the post .
you 're less interesting to counter debate than a burry tweet response .
wait so he 's using his car as just as a 10,000 stereo ?
that is the stupidest shit i have ever heard lmao
it 's been a while since i watched that show and it certainly is n't as violent as either prime or bayverse but he 's still a pretty cool character who has his moments .
idk about her vaccination status theres no hard proof for her or some of the other guests afaik either way .
someone said in this thread though brit was n't covid positive though it was some girl named jamie .
the way he talks and the way he gives candy to everyone like some kind of child predator .
as an independent i do n't care what party you are but please do n't let that trump common sense and morals .
i feel like i see that so often and it 's really frustrating .
i do n't get why you got downvoted so much on these two comments reddit is weird sometimes .
that nickname got me cracking up for some reason lmao
for all the sci-fi uber tech they have good luck any using of them for more than a minute without exploding .
the skaven are all inherently untrustworthy cowards who 'll only work under another if there is a chance of killing them and taking over .
it 's the most brutal horrific meritocracy in whf .
it 's almost as bad as the imperium of man if not for scale .
maybe they should have treatment centers support groups and medication assistance counseling for daily coffee drinkers.. oh wait they do n't have those things ?
you have secured a spot to win an nft from our giveaway campaign .
i hope you never have to read an actual book .
please make sure that your post follows all our rules https www.reddit.com/r/jacksepticeye/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jacksepticeye if you have any questions or concerns .
my brain is a machine-like computer but i ca n't fucking stop moving anymore .
i get a pokémon card with each order of packing tape from a seller .
no thanks unless i have liked another item and you are adding that to my order i prefer just what i ordered .
lol i do n't think they need to be coveted so much 😂
yugo ammo post 1950 's is generally pretty good ammo but is probably corrosive .
i never like it when a character related to the main character also becomes superpowered it is also the main reason i did n't like shazam 's ending .
okay this would be annoying but also kind of cool
newbie here i need more karma done upvote please do the same .
a weaker version of wanda that didnt want to kill vision blew him to bits .
scarlet witch stomps especially if vid does n't have the minds tone .
i mean chogath is the most balanced of them all and he has a scalable true damage ult
it is a 30 gal with 2 hides aspen temperature is set to 80 on hot and humidity is set to 30 .
i try not to mess with her to much but she does come up to me .
animals do n't produce milk without having a baby .
in order to use the milk for human consumption the babies are taken away and killed .
you know you 're gon na shit ... you just do n't know when
ca n't deny that growing up in a suburban neighborhood was amazing .
being a kid in a neighborhood of other families playing flashlight tag and capture the flag all summer .
learn ctes so you can accomplish complex sql in smaller chunks
yar i pretty much only use their atp platform the mobile app is so ehhhh .
at herberts current rate he 'd catch brady 's current count in 16 seasons .
not far off of your estimate but that 's assuming
mahomes is about 14/15 seasons away from hitting brady 's current mark so he 'd be at best 41 to hit it .
afterwards remembered that you ca n't attack in the roundtable hold so i ended up killing him for no reason .
its fortune is not gon na change in short term .
it will take an overall change in management and strategy to turn the tables .
so if u are not in for a very very long term i would suggest you exit .
also if the answer is unity what rendering pipeline should i consider given that my aim is for something that works on both pc and mobile ?
do n't even touch hdrp for an indie game .
that is unless you need stuff like raytracing want to take advantage of dx12 etc .
hdrp assumes that you have someone on your team dedicated to it and is made with pcs/new consoles in mind .
its just that ue5 is looking quite enticing now with all the new tech i 've played around with it a bit .
just that i 'm bouncing off the default high-fidelity look of ue5 and wondering if the new tech lumen nanite would still work with that sort of toon shader/low poly aesthetic .
so as it turns out you can have super realistic lighting and shadows combined with a low level of details .
it 's more about what you want to achieve .
you can and will write your own shaders anyway i assume .
the pixels are n't very consistent but if we are just taking about the art and not specifics it 's not too shabby
yes i have a copy of the return receipt .
after i reached out many times their resolution team finally made a manual refund .
it took so long to resolve because the online customer support and the store kept saying i should reach out to one another ... but at least i got my money back now
pretty sure they do check the discord for most active times
the problem was i did the workaround so my evmos is on keplr but sent from keplr to metamask and then back using metamask but it does n't show .
any way to get the last 25 for us who did the workaround ?
i do n't know it seems like they do a decent job of controlling whether you give birth or not ...
at the beginning of the war a russian soldier broke into a liquor store and got so drunk that he passed out .ukraine forces found him in the floor and have to carry him to prison .
i suggest you observe yourself playing and try to figure out what part of your technique needs the most improvement .
what do you want to be able to do but ca n't do yet ?
10/10 would have died of fear and never returned .
holy shit i am very stoned and i thought i was having a stroke trying to figure out what the fuck i just watched .
but it 's true since he is a virgin .
something that 's a fact in itself can not be insulting
good news no one 's advocating women be charged as criminals for getting abortions .
the problem seems to be media so why not hate the media lol
only if during the third phase i get a gundam suit .
take a look at pocket pens si that they do not consume a lot of space when carrying them if you want .
otherwise i know of no multicolour pens i am afraid
2 days ago as a dragoon i died on that shape changing shiny thing .
i had the aoe on me so i ran away from my alliance forgetting there was no rails i went right off the edge ...
i felt like a failure of a dragoon for not jumping off
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
a single spoonful of honey will calm you down the second spoonful will cause you to fall asleep and eating a third spoonful will put you into a state of sleep so deep you will never be able to wake up .
gold armour is already good enough buffing it to heal full shields in one cell would just make it overbearingly good and the game would come down to whoever has a gold armour wins the fight
you need to be lovers first and then parents if you want the realationship to suceed .
this does n't mean abandoning your kids to have sex at random times .
or leaving the baby crying because you are in the middle of the act .
this means working together with to meet your childerns needs effectively to make sure your needs in the relationship are always being meet .
kids often have needs that need to be delt with now but you need to make sure to prioritize your relationship .
sometimes this may mean not giving the kid everything they want or following the tip top best parenting book advice .
having a good relationship with your partner you are raising them with though will makeup for any of the lacking there .
sometimes of hardship might require you to put the kids first but on the daily normal basis your partner should come first .
one day your kids will grow up and no longer need you but you still want to stay with your partner after that .
i 'm lvl 30 and just play pvp i 'm also bronze lol it 's fun tho i just suck at it
coach this is how a black guy says it pull yo pannies down girl
nick this is how a white guy says it pull your panties down girl
are you downloading directly to a portable usb drive ?
if so change the download path to a local drive .
i would say it can be translated as how are you doing ? and yeah we are actually interested .
this is rather a way to start a conversation than just a greeting .
what a beautiful new expression i 've learned today .
its weird that those chicken will be undercooked because fryers have preset time for chickens and combiovens have thermometer .
if those chicken are under its not just the cook 's fault but also the machine .
🤷‍♂️ management is not doing their job i guess for not being on top of their machines and training .
even if it was a defected kmt units that got award medals it would have been in the soviet communist style absolutely not with white sun blue sky and sunburst style design used on many kmt meddles .
reanimator skorpehk lord lokhust heavy destroyers and most of the flying stands are 60mm .
i feel like this is unexpected from start to finish haha
as someone who did not watch wandavision how would you sum it up in a paragraph or so ?
but does n't that mean you ca n't actually downvote it ?
i 've had both plantar warts and corns and my first thought upon seeing the photo was corns .
you can get small circular bandages with medication on them to both protect it from pain and also get rid of it .
the r/windows subreddit is currently not accepting tech support type posts at this time we only allow help posts on mondays in the utc timezone .
if you are having an issue with windows or any of its built-in software or functions you can submit a new post on r/windowshelp or r/techsupport .
for all other not windows-specific issues you should post those on r/techsupport .
that includes 3rd party software issues hardware issues networking issues and so on .
you may also want to ask it on our newest simple questions and help thread https www.reddit.com/r/windows/search ? q=simple+questions+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on t=week
if you are not looking for help but incorrectly used the help flair to ask a question please resubmit but using the discussion flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/windows if you have any questions or concerns .
so this is the evidence that convinced you that our entire democracy is a sham ?
the most important thing about our country without which our entire government is a fraud and deserves to be overthrown ?
this was enough evidence for you to conclude this ?
we 've been using ballot boxes for years and several states are entirely vote by mail and have been for a long time .
and you 're going to accept this extremely radical position based on no actual evidence just the vague notion that maybe fraud could be possible ?
how could an entire election be rigged across multiple states to the tune of millions of votes completely undetected ?
as to the other point more people than ever before voted in this election .
trump was one of the most unpopular presidents in history .
people were mobilized to vote against him en masse .
again the vague idea that well seems like he got too many votes to me '' is enough reason for you to believe such an extreme claim ?
you 're replying to someone who completely made up something .
the biggest similarity between americans and australians here seems to be they believe what they read on reddit .
it seems you can now make undercities under your settlements because why in the world would you built these up fir the ai to use or fcking yourself over when you want to conquer it later
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here nuggetlover1999 why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
i would even say more than 4 month yellow labrador puppy
true kadan thaemine azena and kharmine seem to be on another level as compared to everyone .
i do think kazeros is the strongest character in the game though tbh maybe even stronger than kadan .
why would you need to defend them to your doctor ?
just buy a new account but check if u are shadow banned or not first .
i got perma ban on my main account and shadow banned for 7days after that i bought a new account with max lvl weapon camos etc
definitely a lovely image as you force down the last pancake your hugely overstuffed fat belly comes bursting out
first seen here https redd.it/m82ah4 on 2021-03-18 98.44 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' uirlzm '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=uirlzm samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
you are forgetting something many base mustangs goto rental fleets less weight on the nose is easier on the tires wheel bearing/hubs whole front under pinning .
and to ford the 4 has less parts than the 6 so lower cost .
this is sound advice there 's such a thing as over maintaining a vehicle .
since you did n't mentioned having seen the mist i 'm going to suggest it .
it 's also around 200 pages in length it 's a novella .
you will always find porn that is more than just a hobby or hobby .
but you should know that you have to watch lots of porn to be successful .
there are so many managers at amazon who are ex-witch .
do n't sacrifice personal hygiene thats bad for everyone .
suspension work messes with toe toe pulling in weird directions reduces traction no traction car go spiny
is n't there a specific route for motored vehicles on the beach ?
big beaches i have seen have areas where you are n't allowed to lie .
in the pictures it seems the driver maneuvers through a big crowd of people .
either you determine a specific route or nor vehicles where you ca n't see a thing are allowed .
at least a second cop should be outside the car and look out .
should beachgoers start using flagpoles made for bikes to make visible where they are lying ?
because greedy landlords and a steady influx of people who know no better .
ok dont bit me i got it on the start pretty early though i lost a 50/50 to fuhua on starter supply .
marina bay you can start from merlion park and walk towards the marina bay sands hotel and explore gardens by the bay .
i highly recommend purchasing tickets for cloud forest and flower dome via klooks these place places amazing at night .
orchard road try to get an ice cream sandwich from the street vendors while having a stroll .
watch out the hoard of birds on the trees .
changi point coast walk is quite scenic in the evening and if you need a break from the city .
clarke quay you like the vibe of clubs and night life while at the same time enjoy the view of the singapore river
henderson wave the bridge is lit up from 7pm onwards .
pro soccer is pretty corrupt though i saw a video where home team fans were shining laser pointers in the face of the away team during a fifa match and the refs just ignored it .
they 're supposed to stop the match and disqualify the team who 's fans are interfearing
he 's being irresponsible but luckily what your husband is doing is something that can be addressed .
it 's definitely common for young couples to struggle with managing money though .
it 's just one of those life things that some people need to learn .
the first main thing here is to come up with a budget .
you have to sit down with him and explain that without a second income you have to stick to a certain number of dollars per day .
that way it 's not you preventing him from buying stuff it 's the budget and he can increase the budget if he gets a job .
second you need to learn that there 's a difference between supporting and enabling .
conflict between married people is not a bad thing .
it 's inevitable and healthy when it happens because both people have a chance to vent .
i 'm not saying you should go looking for arguments just do n't intentionally try to suppress them or your feelings .
you can only suppress things for so long until they boil over and you explode in frustration and it causes a lot of confusion and resentment .
third demand he choose at least one thing to do .
either school or work but he has to be productive somehow .
fwiw i 'm sorry you 're in this situation .
i was sort of like that way back in my college days .
it took me a while to get my head screwed on straight but i know it can be done .
that 's all it 's about after hours and hours and hours of turd 's testimony all i got from it was johnny drank and did drugs sooooo shocking for hollywood huh ?
she 's still the only one screaming and gaslighting in the evidence ...
problem is he probably upped his doses because of her and her behavior !
god what kinda man do you got ta be to actually show up to these things
just imagine the whole expac zones are dalaran and dalaran only but instead of the small city we have now we get a bigger representation that 's rqual to two big zones in size .
for expac features we can learn things get some housing solve magic crimes as raids n dungs or scenarios .
listen i know it 's not what your asking for but i have a b2525 fixer and qeghost for the laser
imagine complaining because a day is n't enough about you .
like i get it for birthdays and shit like that but actually getting upset because you are n't the complete centre of attention is completely pathetic and very entitled .
to download the video you can use one of the following sites
link to trim the video https reddloader.com/download-post ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/indiandankmemes/comments/uji4ij/youre_welcome id=aafd4548
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiandankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
bro i was vcing in online school and accidentally unmuted and said did u see the new season and the teacher asked me who i was talking to
is that how long i 've been living in the basement ?
did you also forget that wandavision ended with her realizing and accepting what she did was wrong and also accepting that she needs to let go of her grief in order to be happy and be a better person ?
but no let 's throw the entire show away in a 30 second post credits scene .
and agnes was the villain of wandavision wanda did something fucked up certainly but anges was very clearly the villain of that show .
he 's just playing victim and pretending anyone else is responsible for his fun in game but himself .
i would n't scuttle with loot on board as most of the time you are just giving them what they want but at the same time you are no obligated to give them a fight if you do n't want to .
wan na sail into the red sea and say if i ca n't have it no one can than so be it .
what plane of existence are you living on where this is similar to harry potter
we 've always died in them and we always will .
we do n't expect any praise for it no parades .
dunno why they would say that like that ufc is still on the ignite engine i believe which is a pain in the ass when it comes to porting .
the plan was always to slowly migrate all the older ea sports games to frostbite and once the developers are fully familiar with the engine porting will be on the table .
we have fifa and madden already it 's just a matter of time for the others when porting becomes a very easy thing for those specific teams to do .
if i had to guess nhl is up soon since their latest game was on frostbite
he got it done by allowing his wife to park her corvette and camaro in his hf work shop .
then you 'll seperate the chaff from the wheat who is the troll on a video call challenge haha
i recommend the ps2 version with the '' ps2 emulator paired with some juicy hi res configs .
if you dont want to sail the 777 seas buy a copy on ebay or your local retro store .
idk ... to me it does n't feel right to allow someone to live in my home who almost killed my child
feels like the suns have our number they always seem to get the better of us no matter the ladder position !
it also only takes a 5 second wikipedia page search to eat a fat dick
zombies do n't spawn with the keys they are generated as they die .
you can lure in zombies from the outside and kill them inside the building to create keys .
now this is what i like i just love how nature can separate a nice sunset and fierce stormy clouds great work
the cover is n't there for you it 's for the enemies .
you 're supposed to charge forward with abilities bursting .
i think they gave an answer in a certain point of view and it 's basically just they would have been penalised for hitting an empty target '' or something ?
i have n't read it yet so i 'm going off hearsay .
its published on companies house so your address becomes public knowledge to customers and employees .
fiori in vaso sciarpe foulard cosmetici cose da cucina se è il tipo ...
i hated the name momonga cause it sounded like a slang for penis to me .
y'all been acting like she 's been drinking hard liquor that shit is la croix
i really really dislike jj mccullough and this is solely for the shallow reason of the way he speaks .
thats really weird that its not doing it on my account anymore ?
i tried on my phone and on my tv ?
coke is fucking stupid it 's like a 5 minute useless rush to feel horrible for the next several hours
yes it has become a very central issue in our politics .
in the federal elections of 2019 the green party jumped from 7.1 to 13.2 that 's an increase of 85 .
the green libertarians jumped in the same election from 4.6 to 7.8 .
along with the social democrats who also care a lot about this issue and received 16.8 in the 2019 elections these parties now hold 37.8 of the federal electorate .
in the large chamber of parliament nationalrat the three parties together hold 83/200 seats .
while this is n't a majority it 's enough to have a tangible impact especially because swiss politics heavily rely on compromise and cooperation across party lines .
on 13 june 2021 we had a nationwide vote on a major law regarding co^2 reduction .
it includes a whole host of measures and policies .
unfortunately the vote was narrowly lost with 51.6 no against 48.4 yes .
the result was particularly controversial because the new law received a popular majority but it failed to receive a majority of cantons .
in switzerland important votes that will also directly affect the constitution need to achieve both a popular majority as well as a majority of cantons .
the idea behind the cantonal majority is to balance out the inequality between large urban centers and rural regions i.e .
give rural regions a stronger voice even if not so many people live there .
so the whole mechanism of voting is well engineered and the idea of giving rural regions a stronger voice is well-intended .
in many cases it prevents the country from getting further atomized .
however in this particular case many urban and/or progressive people in switzerland were very frustrated because a relatively small rural minority ended up killing a law that would 've been very important for our future .
this being said new projects and proposals are in progress .
something we 'll soon vote on is the gletscherinitiative a popular initiative on the national level that demands a reduction of carbon emissions to net zero until 2050 and at the same time heavy investments in green and innovative technologies .
since switzerland is a very federalist country a lot is also happening on the municipal and sometimes cantonal level .
especially the big cities which are mostly governed by left-wing parties have been doing quite a lot to combat climate change .
in my own city we had a popular initiative on the municipal level last year that demanded net zero until 2040 and it came through .
some cities also work on stuff that is n't directly connected to climate change but still has a positive impact on the environment such as a reduction of motorized traffic lowering of speed limits creating more bicycle lanes etc .
in recent years i 've also begun to feel a strong initiative from private entities clubs cooperatives organizations etc .
just to give one example the housing co-op where i live has put up solar pannels on every single building so i can now get my energy from a 100 renewable source and there 's so much we can even sell some of it to the city which pays for the initial investments .
i build houses and occasionally i will look up instructions when it is required .
they have enough experience where they can tell what is wrong base on the car sound .
those two in the picture looks rather green so i think you hired a couple of amateurs .
you 'd think that the second guy would stop walking after seeing the first guy do it
i just started to run past everyone until i got to the first boss .
and then pretty much avoided most enemies beyond that as well .
the cats and o2 sensors are gon na be much closer to the engine which on this one is in the front .
that is workplace harassment this is a genuine potentially dangerous issue that affects so much with you and the workplace .
you should immediately bring this to a trusted supervisor manager someone .
this should not be tolerated i 'm so sorry about your coworkers .
you should n't feel guilty or shameful about your body .
if your coworkers were good people you 'd want to be around they would n't be making disrespectful comments like that .
they are not worth your time and if they make you feel uncomfortable in the workplace i urge you to take this to the next level however possible .
you could possibly be compensated in the future if there is a failure to take action .
you are a wonderful person and what they think of you does n't compare to who you really are .
nobody knows you as best as yourself be proud to be you .
holy crap is that an overinflated sense of importance .
this post has been automatically removed because your account is below the minimum karma threshold .
unfortunately the volume of spam this sub receives has necessitated this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kidsarefuckingstupid if you have any questions or concerns .
happy birthday i 'm very sorry it was n't the birthday you wanted but we redditturds always have your back !
take off the hood protector it kills the look of the car !
very nice love the topology and the sculpt looks clean all over .
it depends who you are and what you value .
obviously it 's a very liberal/progressive state where uvm sits in burlington where literally bernie sanders lives .
also you will find more diversity at uvm because they have many more out of staters than unh .
from what i 've gathered the people there are very chill they love weed too .
as for unh lots of the people are very fratty dress in very distinct styles and are somewhat surface level .
people that are n't like that will stick out to you and that 's not to say that the whole campus is dominated by fratty people but you 'd understand just by looking around campus on a busy day .
greek life is much more popular at unh so if you 're into that maybe it 's for you .
in general cool kids exist at unh they just are harder to come by based on what type of people you like .
get you high so you ride me like a sex hungry slut !
maybe has some sort of exchange program or funding through or the un is my theory
they ca n't rub two brain cells together if they believe this .
this is not the same guy who posted anime girl pic though
i think i must be misunderstanding your intent because this does n't make sense to me .
what do you mean by most other disorders '' ?
if you go by twd standards they cant drown and are basically dormant until something disrupts them in the water
its also shown they eat animals aswell in other zombie media too like spoiler during prison arc rick threw out the pigs to the zombies they ate them another case is around season 10 when negan was wondering a pack of dogs was chasing him he lets a zombie in and well heard the dogs die and thats 1v4ish and lets take the last of us as another example dead horse eatten by clickers .
so i doubt any normal zombie is going to be overtaken by animals a pack maybe if its a single zombie though
where did anyone state he wouldnt win in a fight ?
ya boy jones out there busy beating up women to show how dominant he feels .
here is a link to the totally bonkers leader board https bonk.games/leaderboard refresh if blank screen
bleed build in my experience is rough starting out .
all the mobs who guard the weapon upgrades are rock men .
your weapons will bounce off of them unless you crit them since all you can do is tiny amounts of pure physical without being able to inflict a hemorrhage .
imo go for the dragon communion seal and the two fingers heirloom and be a hybrid arc caster to start with .
but the post with vini vs mane comparison has hundreds .
some people ... including the original poster ... are so smart even they do n't understand themmselves .
first you need your base metabolic rate and yah a diet helps but that exercise is so much better .
best thing you can do is use the app myfitnesspal track all your calories .
because it 's impossible to gain weight and be in a calorie dedicate
god damn it i found a good micro cap coin with potential but the dev team is in ukraine price plummeted during the invasion .
dear rich kids parents stop getting your children attack dogs .
this dog could very well attack someone out of fear .
if your afraid of sending your kid to the southside of chicago ... stop supporting the politicians that create this environment .
it 's not like middle class americans have any say over how shit is run .
anime ca n't ask him to do that since the series especially the manga has a deadline like most manga series and we all know his art is not that great so doing any changes could 've lead the manga to a very bad delay or worst art style
the have so many paid people at them the average person does n't get time to speak .
it 's interesting because it 's a dark beer so it has some heavier taste but still tastes like a cerveza
sold one to a friend recently for a good deal .
me tooo i had n't watched him in anything else before but now i would watch an hour of gong tae sung just going about his day and reacting to random things .
i 'm not sure if you 're a bot .
watson does n't need to look better than baker .
if they were worried about public image they would n't have signed him in the first place .
they need baker to be a wanted commodity not a locker room cancer .
if i was a sleezy car salesman trying to sell you a busted ford i would n't tell you it was a piece of shit i 'd tell you it 's the best truck i ever owned and maximize my sale
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error please use the send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit .
do not delete this post yourself this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfans_promo message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfans_promo 2fcomments 2fuk3kl0 2fi_wish_i_could_eat_my_own 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
the kfcs in my area have been pretty consistently closing up shop the last few years .
the rgx stinger and frenzy can be seen in her armoury
i mean your comment just shows how uneducated you are lmao nothing to be proud of
i 've actually already sent the ftc a screenshot to ask about that .
unfortunately we bought tickets to the event not a bag of products .
as long as we get a bag of stuff they 're covered .
since we did n't pay for it we can try to nail them if the value is less than 1300 i 'm trying to tabulate the total value of all of the products if it 's above 1300 we basically have no case .
or we could maybe nail them on something like the definitive promise that we 'd get three bottles of wine from summer water if we do n't get them within the 60 days allowed by law .
she literally lied about the abuse whilst being the abuser almost got him cancelled by being falsely labelled as a wife beater and now he 's rightly suing her for defamation .
looks like a decorative end for cord probably from a bolo tie
one of my favourite players of all time its a shame he always is doing some on-court antics but ill always be a chris paul guy
i 'm not sure your watching what everyone else is ... .either that or you 've seen too many movies or something this is how things go in real life .
why would you ever think the red haired white woman with no accent named brittany simon isnt a poc middle eastern woman ?
and they do n't see that they have become what they feared 🙄
needless bloatware dlc just for hd banners and nonsense skins
farming events that only happen 1 or 2 days in a real life week
yeah i had issues with raccoons coming up on the porch to steal the cat food i had set out for the stray cats and i sprayed them with a spray bottle on that single stream setting and they just sat there as i sprayed them in the face .
when i had long hair i loved half-up dos that 'll let you keep some fluff out while keeping with their rules .
blorpus columbia and surprisingly india which overtook china back in 2300 due to their defunct credit .
constantly pounding coffee and pre-workout and then melatonin in the morning to fall asleep .
can i still hit a decent lift at 4am .
oh also i just saw in the closet you have the giant ring stacker toy !
we have one and when my kid first saw it we put it out with the little one that matches and he looked at the big one like👀👀👀 i think it was the size of him at that point 😂😂 i think my husband and i have had more fun with it than him we use it to play horseshoes '' and throw them at it across the room it makes the kiddo laugh though !
some of the advertising this election has been interesting .
independents being accused of being greens and liberals pretending to be independent .
should i send you a picture of myself to soften it up
allie had one match in aew on dark against big swole and aew had to edit the entire thing and cut out like 70 of it cause it was so bad .
for once big swole was n't the worst person in the ring .
that was the only time they booked allie and it will be the only time they ever book her .
gon na give it to my cousin carsonhood14 as a present
no duties on this stuff just taxes plus the canada post fee for collecting them .
i 'm so sorry you 've been gaslit for so long .
you 've been mistreated mentally and emotionally cast aside .
i was only trying to make it clear that i was meaning no disrespect .
probably should of picked a different synonym for my train of thought .
oftentimes folks myself included let emotions take charge of healthy dialogue .
why would you be on a message board of a case you do n't think is interesting ?
it 's really well made and cuts like a scalpel not much else to say !
as i 've heard set your password to incorrect .
so when you get it wrong the system will just tell you what your password is .
that really makes him a lot more available for a trade .
but only after i suck on her nipples first .
she never wanted to destroy the world or anything .
just get revenge on tony for killing her parents .
the firmament is a divider of sorts between what we might call the earth and its atmosphere and space .
many ancient religions scriptures/tablature and theologies of antiquity mention it at the very least .
flat earth has developed a model of the planet that is mostly based on biblical accounts wherein it is mentioned that the firmament exists therefore almost all flat earthers believe it does too buy as i said you do n't have to believe in one to believe in the other .
maybe only with russia 's deteriorating population unless you 're specifying generals and the like .
blood is normally very cheap in comparison to a limited supply of ships and manufacturing facilities .
the stress of not being able to sleep it 's kind of feedback loop
i found his photo online but i ca n't upload it here !
blame my idol sean burns for that hahaha thank you for the kind words !
pta en ig hay un canal llamado sinpermiso así tal cual con guión y dan buenas reseñas sobre pelis y series .
bastante recomendada de parte de alguien que ve pocas justamente xq no encuentra nada bueno actualmente .
oh so whether it is an insult or not depends on the context it is used in ?
it 's literally an insult especially in the context used
ya it 's probably nothing if your ram is n't working your pc would never boot .
the lights on boot up are just a system check .
i think sellinsy puttin and the cia because obviously biden is out of his mind actually want the war to escalate they all one way or another benefit from it ... the chinese want it to end though ... so yeah it may very well get worse
i mean i 3d print what i do n't like instead of whining like a bitch about what i do n't like on reddit .
edit your last post is showing off your chaos legionaries and you 're here fussing about two models being re-releases ?
the thing with mono ice team is that it 'll always be really ho heavy due to ices abysmal defensive profile .
most of the time if you are in am unfavorable spot you 'll have to sack it .
just 2 minutes ago i saw a ferrothorn on my aurorus so i just blizzarded it for some chip and let it go down .
its the standard ho stuff really by the way ho means hyper offence .
ice types do n't really have space or time to go defensive .
as for the stealth rock issue i 'd suggest preventing it from going up altogether is a good solution .
any ice type threatens lando-t and mamoswine beats heatran leads .
maybe you can outfit something with a fighting move for tyranitar leads ?
when i was young my next door neighbor had a new 1971 mach one in grabber lime with black stripes .
he would let his son and i sit in it and pretend .
could not see over the very high dash or out the very angled back window .
so yeah i like that bright lime green ford color .
way ahead i 'm gon na be ordering a breach soon plus i 'm going to have multiple internals for it
that 's abc cbs cw fox and all thousand tv channels .
your sister is cruel to run over a cat and continue on after being alerted .
i would think that the cat would move once hearing a car but perhaps that 's not the case .
at 17 you do have to be careful with your actions .
therapy could be a healthy outlet to channel your emotions .
if it 's accessible and affordable please look into it .
hi there unfortunately your post did not have one of the required tags so it was removed .
just resubmit and add image gif album or video at the beginning of the title .
we know ... .we 're a bunch of rules nazi 's .
the tags just keep things organized let us set flair automatically allows for filtering and it also stops bots from posting in this majorly oc content sub which i think we all agree is a good thing !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homegrowntits if you have any questions or concerns .
i think of been ruined i hear those birds in the distance and it sounds like moans kind of
her plane is stored in camarillo but it only flew between lax and camarillo .
this was n't a leg of a trip this was the entire trip .
wait they change the song for season 2 i forgot !
this person is not catching the fucking 15 to get their rocks off lol
it wo n't be up to them when the doj prohibits the coupling of commissions .
6 is completely artificially propped up by the coupling of commissions .
when that goes away bye bye traditional agent and your commission .
they are as against it as consumers right now .
the whole point of being an agent is to work less and still get paid more per hour than a lawyer lmao
why so serious man.. i didnt mean anything like that only made a single comment .. was just a little happy cuz pretty high chance of getting full marks .
i 'm a little bit too aware of the manipulative intent behind limited editions .
with ink i actively avoid them since they can run out .
with pens i 'll get a limited edition if it happens to be something i would go for anyway at the le price i 've got the 2021 turmaline al-star but i 'll generally have a good long look at the standard versions and hope one of those is more my thing xd
i do n't know much about customs i 'm guessing they 're more often things that couldn't be mass-produced even if the seller did n't want to capitalise on scarcity so i 'm not so cynical about those but still not spending that kind of money xd .
hidden palace as in the zone in sonic 3 right ?
looking at this almost makes me want to get that tweet from kyle mclaughlin tattooed on me .
the one where someone asked him to describe dune using only emojis .
what if we pursued each other for 5mo and than the aqua male stopped at the 6month ! ?
bro i 'm also in pa and i will exchange pet rabbit feet as well lmao .
it 's not offspring until it 's sprung off of you .
it 's not murder there is no violence involved .
forcing a woman to give birth has as much to do with the mask mandate as you getting a kidney stone removed has to do with you not being able to piss in public .
you have personal freedom but not as far as hurting your neighbors .
my entire thing to live by is surviving this day and see what happens tomorrow if i wake up again that is .
seeing as colonies and empires are n't a thing now probably not so likely .
you 'll play 3 games not understand a thing of what happened or what 's going on and you 'll never touch it again
you 'll play 3 games not understand a thing of what happened or what 's going on but you 'll keep trying and you 'll eventually understand .
you 'll watch vods streamers you 'll study wave management and mechanics .
then next thing you know it 's been 10 years and you 've spent more time playing league cumulatively than practically anything else in your life .
yta for your approach retaliation ... you honestly sound a little jealous of their life even though yours is blessed .
if you dont want to divy it up to their exact wishes to the letter ... just donate it to something they believed in .
you took the spiteful route and showed them your ugly side in a uncomfortable conversation that we all must have before our time is up .
this scares me i wonder if you can export things as a pdf and that would stop any loss of content .
i 've been playing around with gn and have about 350 pages of text that i need to sort and import .
what i found is that if i save things to a pdf then open it up again items are no longer editable .
at the same time i found that you lose certain attributes and the pics were n't working right .
i really hope that gn gets these things figured out .
sorry a good chunk of them was bought earlier .
what is left is tiara princess pretty paws pixie cat cleocatra eggplant rosie pjs waffles dagwood paw-nisher and the pickles .
ulan erkek halimle inanılmaz rahatsız oluyorum bunların sapıklıklarından ve yapabileceklerinden .
you ca n't claw out of a funk with pitching if the offense stinks .
full context kr had 2 3 characters per year for the power pass over the span of the 3 years vs na/eu will have 2 characters every 2 months or so .
you 're still recovering from surgery so its hard to tell at this point what may or may not be .
a change in the feeling of orgasms is a possible complication from vasectomy however .
you 'll have to give it a couple weeks more and see how it goes .
we 've reported this bug many times but it happens so rarely that devs ca n't replicate it so they do n't know what exactly causes it .
most videos only record the bug after it happened and not the moments that lead up to it .
yeah it just reassuring that the imper was activated on field
now imagine if the column was labelled with the lighting forcefield thingy for like the entire turn to tell opponent not play there .
gretchen is trying to prove that we need to mom away from a patriarchal society and into and matriarchal one .
in order to do this she needs males and females in the same or similars settings to prove that females preform better under the circumstances .
however i was really disappointed with the male plot line as it mainly focused around josh and seth .
while i do think it contributed to their story i think they easily could have found another way to prove the women complete the milestones faster such as having alpha males that have to assert their dominance and be in control or showing that they do n't work as well together .
literally anything other than sa because how 's they 've just proved that the women complete the milestones faster only because there is a predator in the male group and not because they are actually better at doing them .
i 'm not proud of it but this looks delicious to me
as someone who left mormonism when hinkley was in power i experienced all the ‘seething rage ' i 'm seeing now the difference is that the internet and forums such as these exposes it more effectively widely and forcefully .
unfortunately i was not a witness to the ‘quiet dignity ' you refer to when i made the choice to leave mormonism .
i did n't see ‘quiet dignity ' during that time period when a person who wanted to cut ties with the mormon church could not do so without first having a mandatory disciplinary court called where a group of men who could all be complete strangers who would meet whether the ‘apostate ' was there or not would judge a person and declare them to be in apostasy .
only after excommunicating that person would they be left alone would they be able to ‘resign ' would they be able to no longer be an official member of the mormon church .
it took a lawsuit to make the mormon church stop doing this .
a religion exhibiting ‘quiet dignity ' would n't require such a drastic measure to force them to stop punishing people who simply want to leave .
the mormon church made what should have been a mere formality into a highly personal and punitive quasi-legal procedure .
there was nothing quiet or dignified about how the mormon church and its members treated those who had been ‘othered ' by them .
that and i could genuinely not ever hear the difference between the two .
to this day i still practice the correct way and the homer simpson way and i still ca n't hear the difference .
i think their pe is so low because they count holding and trading bitch coin as profit and the market expects them to be bag holders at some point
i 'll post it again just in case but i think i found a thread that mentions your solution here by teatime69 on the fourth page
this solution worked for me and i 'm running an nvidia gpu with the gog version .
i just hope the suns win so i win back what i lost today and was wondering if it will happen
we also have these other subreddits available for promoting or if you 're looking to help support a swer today at
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls102 if you have any questions or concerns .
people who eat at burger king are in the same caste system as the people who work in burger king .
who is they '' and what situation are you even referencing if the pandemic is n't real ?
well i 'll leave it up to him and what he wants .
this subreddit is under heavy brigading by authoritarians that hate freedom of choice and bodily autonomy and it 's likely that freedomconvoy2022 will be banned soon .
please join us at our backup site on scored https scored.co/c/freedomconvoy2022 .
scored is a free speech focused reddit alternative designed to avoid problems with partisan administration and censorship .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freedomconvoy2022 if you have any questions or concerns .
in the uk i 'm a member at a brilliant course for £800 a year .
it seems like us golf is trying to eek out people that do n't have loads of money .
not the same over here i can play a round at a local 18 hole course for £15
you can share your feedback on store if you want
people who will run through the game and at a low level to create a build for low level invasions .
i 'm not saying its fun or even fair .
i have many issues with it but still it 's a feature of the game deal with it or summon at bosses .
not too mention unlike ds3 this game actually has an anti cheat and if you get banned then your definitely not playing coop together .
i hate using the meme of git gud but just pull out double spear use the powerstancing attack and atch them die .
also if you kill the invader or die you have a timer on when the next invasion can come unless you pop the taunters tongue .
honestly i really prefer the minimalist look and tried to stick with them but the emoji autocorrect in so many programs broke me .
you could always have a joint account where everything bills mortgage shopping goes into then the rest stays in separate accounts for that person to do as they please with ?
go home leg or heading to the hotel pilots could bail pretty quick .
in bc under sec 38 1 c the rate they are required to pay by law is 4.5 under prime .
that means it has been more than a decade since interest was required .
i 'll hazard a guess the rate was set back when prime was higher lol
the logic is that this is not an investment but simple security so they need to prevent it from being totally eroded but in no way do they think its fair to pretend its an investment account .
your chequing account probably pays less than prime too .
had a stroke trying to emulate a scottish accent on that .
i think pogback runs more than him at this point
i sadly never played that game so i dont know that character
it 's easy to let our emotions take over and to express how little we feel wanted and desires but i 've just realized that it just adds more pressure .
the capture video block should force the camera '' app to start recording video if not then it 's ignoring the android api standard i.e .
opindia is an indian right-wing 17 news portal founded in december 2014 by rahul raj and kumar kamal .
7 the website has published fake news 26 and anti-muslim 30 commentary on multiple occasions including a 2020 incident in which it falsely claimed that a hindu boy was sacrificed in a bihar mosque .
my mom ordered it from portugal and had it imported .
it is essentially a brick shell with a chimney and a cast iron door you can open and close .
i saw this video too and i agree with what he 's saying .
however in this video the jet is completely silent until it has passed by with a loud bang .
on top of that the extension of the conical vapour cloud also seems to coincide with the cameraman 's position during the loud bang .
that really sounds like a sonic boom to me .
wow thats the ugliest color i 've seen in my life
i could n't find that info anywhere on the net unfortunately i already finished the build so if i root now ill loose everything .
but at least this on the net for someone to find now .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/squareposting/comments/uk9ue3/nigels
also that 's very overstated you do n't need to learn 6 diff languages just find a couple good sources in a language you get that cover international stuff .
but this little peace of shit dares to hold a scythe and call himself god when he doesnt know how to use it truly the most pathetic creature i ever seen thousands of years he had to traiin he died so patheticly also gathered armies to kill a single being
it seems like anyone who defends hillary on reddit is categorized to being anti-progressive or anti-bernie .
i guess it blows peoples brains to believe you could like hillary and bernie .
i also align with bernie 's policies and ideas more but i voted for hillary and campaigned for her because people were criticizing her laugh her style of clothes benghazi pizzagate etc .
there was no way in hell i wanted trump in office .
i 'm breaking the cycle by not having kids and i got so sick of the having kids questions so i straight up told them i do not want kids i will not have them please stop asking .
and of course my in laws blew up and said i was n't thinking of my husband who was standing next to me and he let them yell for a minute and placed a hand on my back .
that 's a thing he does i 've noticed and it 's basically these are my targets . ''
and lord love a duck he finally interrupted them and said first it 's her body her choice .
i will absolutely respect what she wants or do n't .
i love kids and when we first got married we did want them at some point but we and the world has changed and we agreed we do n't want a child in today 's world .
where you do n't know if your child will even be alive while in school .
or they never make it back home because something horrible happened .
that is a heartbreaking pain we could n't handle .
so shut the fck up and do n't ever fcking yell or hiss at her ever again or you 'll deal with me . ''
idk how i got such an amazing person as my partner but i wo n't question it .
no i do n't want kids and no i wo n't be changing my mind .
and the more you ask the more i do n't want them .
the next person to ask me will be cut out of my life .
if you ca n't respect what i choose to do with my body and how i make decisions then you do n't respect me and our relationship is void because you do n't respect me . ''
just finished walking my dog around my complex braless .
yes communities have rules and enforcing that is a job of a landlord .
however the examples you provided like dogs on leashes and nonsmoking zones are pretty common and not considered oversteps .
those rules exist because when broken it could cause harm or damage to others in the community .
telling your tenants to vaguely dress appropriately is a gross overstep .
op never says that her community has a stated dress code that dose not seem to be a conditional agreement to live in this community which would be bonkers if there was one .
one person was uncomfortable with ops body and felt entitled to do something about it .
if you are uncomfortable with someone else 's body that 's on you not the other person .
it is not on op to make shitty gf comfortable with her presence .
it 's not on the landlord to police how people dress to make shitty gf feel more comfortable .
shitty gf feeling uncomfortable with ops body is nobody 's problem but hers and nothing needs to be done to appease her .
the recipe linked above seems to indicate that it is flour roux butter/oil salt pepper flour cooked until flour loses that fresh flour smell though tbh the idea of cooking ground sausage and using sausage crumbles sounds delicious
i am not sure is there a way i can see without going to checkout ?
it did n't let me log in either sorry i 'm not used to ebay because i do n't use it alot
that looks like a katydid nymph a spider and a soapberry bug .
the soapberry bug just feeds on seeds and should be of no concern to you the spider is likely predatory and will help keep actual pest populations under control and although the katydid probably does eat plants it wo n't cause any damage to your garden unless you have an actual infestation which you would definitely know about if you did .
assuming they 're indigenous to your area all three are friends .
so it 's an actual cloud and not just built out of concrete ?
if your just gaming and not using it for work or school it 's definitely a better choice .
it 's easy to underestimate how long art takes to perfect .
i too gave up art at 27 and thought i 'd never succeed because i was n't making money .
i was n't making money off of painting but i 'm starting up a custom cosplay buisness that this town needs .
does anyone know how to get the cape back ?
możesz sprzedać swoje mieszkanie którego nie możesz spłacać tak długo jak znajdziesz kogoś kogo będzie stać na kupno .
jeżeli spadnie popyt to wiele osób które nie będą mogły wywiązać się ze spłaty staną się kmkami w kancelariach komorniczych .
i use the original japanese names because i see them as the most correct and the more intended name because a lot of dub names change the meaning behind it like with mugendramon or pinochimon
personally i 'm just going to end the conversation argument or whatever this is here before it goes on for ages .
dude i was a blooming adolescent when venus and serena 's careers took off and while never being a sports buff i 've always been inspired by athletes and athleticism .
i was instantly in love with serena the first time i saw a clip of her whooping all asses on the tennis court
front car these idiots are waiting when you can just go around .
back car well if he 's doing it than i 'm doing it .
i wo n't be left behind while an asshole gets away with it ! ''
i 'm assuming that 's what 's going through their minds .
i passed 3 months and with no improvement so i was moved onto biologics .
i may have in the future but it made my stomache ache and my mood was low so it was n't really worth finding out .
my god you ca n't comprehend something not directly stated .
these are the basic points for at least my position most of which i can not meet due to that thing called money .
it would take me a year or two of saving and planning to even consider the idea of moving and that 's if housing markets and job opportunities do n't change in that time .
as i stated not many can up and leave on a whim .
also i am moving out of florida before it all goes to shit i just have the benefit of a place to stay with family in nevada which not everyone has .
that plan took a year and a half with help from family
hey you can have me for making fun of that khabib dude but reaching to xenophobic dog whistling '' is outright redacted mate
blaming everyone but the guy who has missed weight 5 times .
i also never said oliveira did n't miss weight .
he 's a massive lightweight which we say every single time he fights .
it 'd be nice if he did n't but he did .
it 's impossible but this kind of rotation is badly needed in the pro scene too
from what i understand the toxins are neuro toxins so if ingested it is not a problem .
only a problem if they get in the blood stream through a bite .
i take he is the ceo of gamestop then ?
we can have a discussion but i do n't think it will get very far
orban has been a putin puppet for years working to undermine the eu from within .
sept 2018 why brussels outcast viktor orban is loved in moscow op-ed https www.themoscowtimes.com/2018/09/20/why-brussels-outcast-viktor-orban-is-loved-in-moscow-opinion-a62941
i 've been few years there and i 'm russian .
russian ppl are explorers and scientists yakuts are hunters like ppl 3000 years ago .
im not sure that yakut even could get camera at that time .
i like oregano thyme and rosemary in general for seasoning soups .
oregano and thyme especially have sort of a peppery flavour and go with pretty much any vegetable dish .
especially if you have some fresh thyme i 'd highly recommend using that .
it 's very easy to grow and it goes well in so many dishes .
i just gave you a very long list showing just the opposite .
israel keeps putting it 's citizens in danger just for peace .
also can you share what did the palestinians do for peace ?
that one scene where strange and america travelled through dozens of multiverses at once was breathtaking
you 're going to love everything everywhere all at once .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/edmontonr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/edmontonr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=invader_zim_780 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/edmontonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i strategically waited to see the outcome of friday 's game to see if i 'd be going sunday or thursday .
hoping it 's not brownie 's sendoff but i 'm ready .
maybe if multiple cameras pick up the same car then they can see who it was .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's probably because of the added cost of adding a more efficient automatic transmission .
so using the same automatic transmission used on petrol models would reduce the power to the wheels and i do n't think car companies are ready to put in more rnd into low volume sales products like cng cars .
cng fuel is basically less energy dense than petrol .
fuel type is only a matter for engine and not transmission directly .
the spirit of my comment is more around even though we have some backwards ass shit happening do n't throw stones in a glass fucking house .
it literally is the kiparis they just do n't like to use real names most of the time for some reason .
yep no need to question laws that are discriminatory harmful and cruel .
no need at all to exercise critical reasoning on a better city just a lawful city .
one can only infer civil rights are n't a concern you 've ever had sympathy for .
but what 's the point of having wealth if you live in a poor country ?
states and countries that have a higher quality of life also tend to have higher taxes .
could it be that your measure of life quality differs from others ?
could it also be that blue states have a preponderance of old money and entrenched state political machines associated with that money and that state tax rates and the general wealth of those states are not casually linked at all ?
when they make everyone have a meta account and they 'll still have all your data .
open the fan up or try all the combinations there are onky 16 .
did you put the tempura and udon together in a pot ?
if it was higher than your max then you will fail no matter what .
did n't he just lose to him a couple months ago or do i have alzheimer 's
i agree we should start posting more photos of disgusting piles of cream corn instead .
the sanrio is more valuable but not by a lot .
in order of value i 'd say fantasy meets sanrio meets then wonder garden .
i 'm not trying to be difficult i appreciate your response .
when everyone is shouting garbage slogans and not trustworthy are you like really these flock are obviously cool because they do n't seem crazy ?
also if you want to ski with no rules get backcountry gear .
hello freshad7509 your account must be at least 14 days old to post
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rapefantasies if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitetits if you have any questions or concerns .
your going to need capital so anything you can do to save money .
i would also look at flipping products on ebay from thriftstores still plenty of opportunities there .
one important overlooked aspect is copywriting learn that and anything you do online in the future will only be better .
i started my first brand with just 800 initial investment overall i kept putting more in but it 's important to keep rolling profits over as long as you can .
cheers and good luck if you believe you 'll be successful you will
agree but i think chandler fight did some permanent damage to justins chin .
he looked way more wobbled here but maybe olives got more power than khabib too
apparently a lot of you have heard of backwoods but never smoked one .
when it starts to hurt that 's usually when you should tap out
hey do n't act like those vancouver shock matches were n't fucking crazy .
disgusting person what is even more disgusting is people adopting his disgusting worldviews
all these man u fans who come from nowhere near manchester spent their entire football supporting lives in fairyland expecting consistent titles spending their winning years mocking other teams welcome to the mother fucking thunderdome .
all those years mocking liverpool fans yeah that 's you now .
go to b q buy a bag of cement build a bridge and get the fuck over it because that 's your life now .
it does not make sense to tank or rebuild with a fire sale .
if you decide you want to win you can just sign anybody you want for whatever money you are willing to spend .
the rockies are actually pretty good at dumpster diving for players as well .
how are the pirates or the orioles doing after their fire sale methods ?
but they announce their whole name in front of the crowd when someone gets an expulsion from the church .
we built our first chicken run with field fence ... yeah ik but it came free with the property .
baby opossums would squeeze through and go on a feeding frenzy .
we now have proper hardware cloth installed at night it 's solid .
we will seasonally have problem critters that hit late afternoon .
first seen here https redd.it/r8z297 on 2021-12-04 95.31 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' ukjzxa '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=ukjzxa samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
you have my upvote because it 's true but i hate that it 's true and resentful that i 'm upvoting this.. .
real sand near the track means real sand on the track .
yea i unfortunately just bought a home for 480k 4bed 3bath small and im mad .
1 i 'm glad we both see sans with a sax .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slutslastrefuge if you have any questions or concerns .
imagine a mugger hearing a f117 circling over head .
if i was very first i think i 'd still do it i 've always wanted to have a wikipedia article about me .
but fuck being one member of several thousand people and dealing with an unfixable food shortage because the hydroponics system needed a minor repair that required a tool 150 million miles away
these liverpool fucks seem to forget that they 're in the title race because we took 6 points off of city .
so weird seeing fans blaming other fans when they do n't get the result lol
users must comment on this post prior engaging in a trade or sale .
u/deafturtle you must confirm that your potential exchange partner has commented on your post prior to the finalizing the transaction .
do not deal with anyone who will not comment on your post .
if you 're buying make sure to get proof from the seller that they have the item in hand .
this means having them send you a timestamped photo with their username on it .
how to leave feedback and increase your flair https www.reddit.com/r/discexchange/wiki/confirming-a-trade
users swap reputation can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want more detailed information click send on this message .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/discexchange subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/discexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
simply because in an airplane you have 0 control .
no control of the vehicle the air temp the massive amounts of people around you their smells the anxiety of all the stuff leading up to boarding .
you can potty at your leisure eat at your leisure .
most importantly only deal with yourself and the others you choose to travel with .
and sing at the top of your lungs without being stared down .
i reported a comment yesterday for threatening/inciting violence '' .
the comment said george floyd protestors black lives matter mow them all down ! ! ! ''
today i got an automated message from reddit saying that the comment does not violate any rules .
your reporting helps make reddit a better safer and more welcoming place for everyone . ''
second this and can recommend soo much in this area for reasonable prices .
kusuka auvers spago dopa by devon robo kurtosh nakano iiko makesoba are all really great options i would recommend .
also check put haven and edition roasters if you are a big coffee drinker .
did n't they try this during the new52 and fail ?
everyone wants connor for the big payday and the ideally easy victory .
well idk if i agree because we are imperfect beings with emotions .
we can conclude that life has no meaning but still decide to do stuff and get joy or sadness etc
i try to be happy even though i do n't think it matters .
does the game shutdown abruptly or does it return a window of errors ?
i 'm not sure how to verify game files on epic games but try that and see if it helps .
if it 's an unreal engine issue window with a butt load of errors then join the club..
reddit has actually changed my view on household spiders .
the people saying they eat other insects in the house has made me not kill every spider on sight or worry about tracking down a spider if i see one and it goes missing .
english works well here even better than our 2nd official language swedish .
yes it 's cold but buildings are well built so heating costs can be even less vs. warmer countries .
there 's a few people in mena that play ac turkey being an exception as they can afford more stuff and play just as much ac as europe does but still western companies are afraid doing stuff like that because of the recent things that happened in france and sweden relating to muslims getting unreasonably angry at people disrespecting their religion that will pass eventually .
just incase you didnt know what they are see picture 2
people often brought cameras to weddings in those days .
three perps were described similar to that keyon pittman roy allan melanson and lyle gene keidel .
definitely get some rounds through while working the light .
there 's a reason sl had to come out with the a model but if you can make the og work for you then more power to you .
yes the us wrote the book on logisitics in ww ll and made it an art form .
yeah i love my dachshunds and they love me with all of their beings but they are not for the faint of heart .
they can out stubborn anyone yell at every little thing or big thing have no issue with protecting me or their belongings if need be .
that 's why it weirds me out when people compliment me on my super friendly dachshunds .
stupid stupid rat tails is the original book that was reprinted as bone tall tales with some extra stories and is a prequel all about the origins of the valley
smiley 's dream book is a smiley bone spin off that is very clearly made for young kids as it has virtually no plot and is all about counting birds smiley dreams about
r/suspiciouslyspecific would like a word with you about electric fences friend !
this is exactly why i recommend using additional sources beyond the cfm manual for your study .
if you only use cfm and what correlation chooses to include you are missing a ton of context .
i would n't look at it as an invitation to ignore the ot but rather an invitation to dive deeper .
i 'm not really taking a bunch of pictures and choosing the best one i just take one picture quickly and post it in an effort to like mentally self-harm only to be told the opposite of what i expect .
i was watching the ball and curry legit just popped up in the corner like he was in the prestige .
if microsoft market cap goes up in value relative to apple the market makers will sell need to rebalance the portfolio by buying microsoft and selling apple shares so they can issue units on the secondary market consistent to the index .
it 's not just about the value of the underling asset it 's how they are performing relative to the wider market .
probably not a good sign that you consider that deep
one hunnit tesco clubcard points 'ave bin deducted from yer accoun ' ! ! ! ! !
127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463
yer three quid meal deal is gon na be a fiver from now on ! ! ! !
127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463
yer will also only be able ter choose from a chicken or 'am sandwich ! ! ! !
127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463
failure to renew yer loicence is gon na resul ' in tha loss ov more clubcard points ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463 127468 127463
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
good to know that im not the only one who thinks that .
tbh i 've been oscillating in an out of that a bit too .
it feels like it 's a huge process that i 've only just begun .
i definitely feel like a shit head now when i get overstimulated though it feels super embarrassing and i 've completely lost the ability to sort of grin and bear it like i did before i knew i was asd .
and it definitely makes me angry at myself sometimes that i ca n't do things like go to the grocery store or go to parties without needing a massive recovery time after .
my relationship to it really changes with my mood/by the day .
i moved to montreal from toronto a year ago and have been blown away by most of the food here vs toronto .
it 's a bit small but it feels like certainly enough to do for 3-5 days .
there 's all that the museums any events going on the standard tourist spots markets biodome island mountain old town botanical garden etc etc etc
for speaking french i would n't be insulted but if it 's a priority to you you might want to leave montreal and check out quebec city or further towards the sea .
even just across the river that does n't happen .
i asked my montreal-born coworker if it would be better if my french is better and he was like nah it 's weird that you try to speak in french when you 're fluent in english and so are they '' so i guess that 's the pov .
i used to let my sibling borrow my car while i worked the late shift until one time when they picked me up and they were so drunk they held an unlit cigarette for 5 minutes in the their hand out open window flicking it every so often before throwing it out .
i confronted them and they promised they would n't drive my car drunk again if they borrowed it .
i guess they kept that promise because the next time they borrowed my car they got black out drunk and just did n't pick me up from work at all .
i worked until 5am and they did n't show up until 9 .
that was the last time they borrowed my car period .
god i fucking hate it when i get a colt on my team because 80 of the time they 're gon na end up feeding piper bea and brock or even the enemy colt
in the same boat if anything less time to think is better .
six months in with the pixel 6pro and loving it .
took me a while to figure out how to access some things but have n't had any bugs at all .
how are you going to say you read the manga and enjoy that shitshow of an anime with missing arcs ...
by clear boundaries i meant there has never been anything physical between us and that if it did happen unexpectedly that would not be ok for either of us .
like we have secret inside jokes but do n't hit on each other boundaries of being just friends .
so more like of a place to ask for help that to offer solutions to unsolicited problems.. im getting it..
espn made it a fucking statement to ride ja 's dick as much as possible .
its amanda mariee with the 2 es on the end .
it 's when things get out of control and go crazy fast from a calm setting
my son has recently got into the game called fortnite ?
i 've spent well over 500 on this game and its becoming a problem .
apparently the game is down right now and its causing a lot distress for my child .
he keeps taking my newspaper and tries to full piece '' me .
i do n't know what this means but i 'm starting to think its something associated with the devil .
he wo n't come with us anywhere unless we take a launch pad '' to get there .
its starting to get worse by the hour and i do n't know how much longer i can take this .
his legs arms and hands are shaking violently yet he refuses to take any type of medicine unless its a big pot '' or chuggies . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
too bad the east coast wins 99 of the time..
i do not care what you say about my mother .
but trust me if you actually attempt to do something to my mother even though she 's made some bad decisions in the past that we still need to work through i will personally call the police on you and i 'll be laughing as your mugshot is shown on tv .
the point of your entire existence seems to be to just tease other people .
well i believe your jokes are in bad taste and you should cease and desist digging through the dregs left at the bottom of the joke barrel you could get a splinter whose pain will be significantly increased by the significantly high amount of salt you carry in your bloodstream .
thank you and let us cease talking about each other 's parents .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
apparently op didnt take it like that as they have 1 for work already .
golden state vs the bucks would be such a clash of aj styles i wan na see giannis vs the warrior bigs
dark souls fans when i punch them so hard they get a nosebleed is this the blood of the dark soul ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spokanensfw if you have any questions or concerns .
down with the illegitimate capitalist 中国共产党 fraudulent usurpers of 大陸 !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
in this world of infinite ideas and limited budgets you are often forced to ...
so i 'm assuming people always ask why the long face ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
ca n't wait for the bong adapter thingy to get here !
it 's been fun to play with different temps for maximum flavor and fluffy clouds .
the taste of every single hcf strain has been some of the best hemp i 've ever had .
i have gotten the covid vaccine about 20 times now .
once i got my first vaccine i started cravings for it .
there is something so great knowing i am reducing the spread of the coronavirus with each of them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
people do n't want sky high salaries they want enough money to live .
but being able to live without struggling is the bare fucking minimum .
i was so excited to try this cart i got 2 of them .
it 's dark on top and cloudy on the bottom .
i called the dispensary and they said it was fine .
unfortunately the american system means we 'll never get a crossed movie .
the closest we 've come is the crazies remake .
this trailer makes me believe it 'll have to be an asian film because they seem to be able to secure funding for extreme horror .
in the us crossed is too expensive to be made independently and too violent/extreme for studio backing .
to those who have n't read it crossed is about an infection that passes via bodily fluids from one victim to the next .
like spitting in another person 's eyes or open wound .
the title refers to a pair of festering intersecting stripes on the victim 's face in the shape of a cross .
https picfiles.alphacoders.com/382/382027.jpg those infected lose all inhibitions in regards to violence and pain on themselves and others .
they 'll infect or kill others for thrills or fun and if they have no victims they 'll turn on each other and have they no degradation of the knowledge they held before they were infected .
so if a crossed was a pilot and then got infected if he saw a school with children hiding he would fuel and start a plane take off and fly the plane into the school because he would be thrilled to do so .
the comic was also known for unsettling variant covers as well .
here 's a few examples it 's a horror comic nsfw 1 https th.bing.com/th/id/oip.ffxu6cqmhltf__gcmdhrowhald ? pid=imgdet rs=1 2 https freshcomics.s3.amazonaws.com/issue_covers/sep120850.jpg 3 https 2.bp.blogspot.com/dpsdlgtmuyghdzrvwczuxfaknbvyrab9rgffn5mycdf6puttyeh_kf-vfdyr-fb3g_1zeybujnh9=s0 4 https i.pinimg.com/736x/32/e1/25/32e125a79ef5f09925c7e8a0822feee9.jpg
i tried to get these when they dropped but i had no luck .
i think millionaires should pay for their own fucking stadiums
the one i 've been seeing lately that really burns my soul is alot . ''
looks a lot like the lithostrotion coral fossil i find in the north east of england
as we all know people never get hung up on a potential lover they lost their chance with .
because then it would n't be a thing of wonder .
a magnificent beast that brings joy just by looking at it .
it would n't be like an actual arcade control panel .
if people cared enough to wear a mask we would n't have to mandate it .
that being said an interesting thing is happening in canada .
the mask mandates have been lifted but most people still wear their masks .
that 's been the pattern i heard since i left home depot .
witherhoard 's perfectly fine as long as only one person at most two but this is n't ideal has it on
i find that so many of the complaints against todomomo are just things that are common across the whole fandom just being unfairly attributed to this one ship .
limit orders gtc limit orders and market orders that are sold will sell for the current price at the time you chose to sell .
if/when the price for gme goes beyond these limits cs themselves stated that market orders will sell for whatever the current price is at so if the per share price goes to 100mm and you make a market order to sell a share it will sell for 100mm .
not holding in a transfer agent and holding in a broker is absolutely damaging to your rights as a shareholder .
brokers shave vote totals before submitting them to companies so your vote may not actually get counted .
if you limit sell there is a limit '' on the price you can set for a single share as well as a total amount for an order .
single shares can be limit sold for up to 214k and one single order can go up to 10mm i believe .
when moass blows past those numbers cs themselves said to make a market sell order and the share will go for whatever the astronomical price is at .
buying and selling are different on cs than from brokers .
brokers let you deposit money then let you buy/trade with that money before the money actually settles which is a few days .
the main reason is because of pfof but also because all of these no fee '' brokers do n't actually go to market to buy the shares you just gave them money for .
they take your money now then hold it with the hopes that you will simply sell off your shares in a relatively short period of time less than 1 year .
computershare takes about 7 days for buying to complete but whatever the price is at by the time you choose to sell is what you will get for that share market order or otherwise .
it 's literally the only word that can be used to describe this shit .
imagine dressing every bear villager as judy just cause lol
hope you are enjoying the rest of your day ! !
i have just upvoted you can you return on a post or two ?
if i was a parent this children would n't be alive anymore
i would pay twice that amount just to get one
i 'm sure op already found it but in case anyone is too lazy to search it themselves here is the video https youtu.be/lyhafoxuqce
you 're being heavily downvoted because no one gives a shit about your wikipedia degree karen ...
you can believe whatever you want to believe i am simply acknowledging that the people that originated the phrase happen to hate people that are n't white .
what people want to do with that info is theirs to do with .
i even said this meme is fine in a shitposting sub i just felt like this was n't the sub to do it in .
jesus if that 's so fucking controversial maybe people should take a look in the mirror .
look how long alvarez has been a pro compared to bivol .
look at their resumes and who canelo fought and who bivol has fought .
same age in years but in boxing alvarez has way more miles .
because 1 i ca n't play basketball for the life of me and 2 i ca n't properly 'imagine ' or generate the description for something that i 'm unsure of it 's appearance unless it 's explained to me or i have a picture/video of it infront of me
really the face is all you need to fix .
do you know why she hates being with you in a kilt ?
i 'm a day to day kilt wearer and sometimes my wife does n't like the attention the kilt attracts .
she does n't like being the centre of attention and she also gets a bit jealous .
she 's better now than she used to be but it is still a point of friction .
as some one with a if army with 50 indomni termies and 2 casterferrum dreads in it those rumours made me sad
it 's probably ibs with piles that gets irritated once in a while .
i hope she divorces you gets full custody and takes everything !
wtf is a juke lol i cant understand any of what yall just said it 's a lil too advanced 4 my skill lvl
the real question is why are all this dudes dancing together and no woman around ?
i bought the boost after having the car for a few months .
the acceleration feels much more violent with the boost and almost feels lackluster without .
my 2nd baby had serious latching/tongue issues so i had to switch to pumping full time .
dad pretty much took over the majority of the night and really baby did great .
he snuggles in a similar position where babies head is on his arm and he is curied around him .
at 8mo now eats like a breastfed baby whenever he wants to with little snacks of milk or a whole bottle .
i sometimes will take him on my side after my late-night pump and he does fine whoever his main bed sharing buddy is .
we leave milk out at room temp for 4 hours so i 'll take a bottle out and leave it by the bed when i 'm up that way it 's ready for feeding .
last night he had 2 full bottles sometimes it 's 3 .
he will occasionally take in more at night if he 's distracted during the day which my ebf did at this age too .
the cool part is my late pump now yields the most milk too bodies are amazing .
i think your baby will do great adapting though it might take a couple days or a week or so .
i personally liked when my first would sleep in his crib at least part of the night this baby is resisting and that 's fine if he 's not ready to sleep away from us but i just prefer that because at the end of the night it 's much easier to get end of day chores done if he 's in his crib a couple hours .
my kids both respond well to consistency and carefully watching their cues .
i know it 's nerve wracking making a big routine change .
too bad it 's the loudest and hottest one .
i like sami but to get back at ronnie and talk with other guys is 7th grade bullshit
my wife after 12 years of marriage keeps her distance because i 'm aiming for her leg if she showers with me .
like maybe where your ancestors were from your diagnosis or who you sleep with should n't define your worldview ...
i do n't watch star trek but does l2 mean lagrange two in this situation ?
i love sci-fi but that show just has n't ever been my cup of tea .
just wait and have them mail you a picture instead .
i think it 's just shadowing on the date window that made me think the 9 was un centered but now i can say that i i looks very good
another example i 'm a consumer of various shoe brands and i consume bread for nutrients .
though hopefully you wo n't find me with a pair of nikes in my mouth .
does that mean she does n't deserve space and privacy ?
because he tries to make it seem that he has scored himself a hot super model and she is a sears catalog model at best .
deadeye is in the ephema from last year just pick your favorite archer .
only thing i want to know is have they watched the show ?
it 's cheaper to take wings and re-distribute them than keep making new ones .
is he trying to get a ghost to wank him off ?
mad how wrong people are getting this kind of stuff .
my thought would be that i should mind my own business ?
you ca n't fall asleep because you snorted mdma like a pussy .
i ca n't fall asleep due to using carfentantyl for 8 years straight and i 'm now in withdrawals .
so i 'm doing this for me and for the most part i do n't care how difficult it is as long as it 's possible reason being i record in small bits and do a lot of comping which suits my needs .
your post was removed due to low account age low karma and/or suspected spam .
if this is incorrect then please click the 'message the moderators ' link below and let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayuklads if you have any questions or concerns .
prednisone is an anti inflammatory used to mitigate sides .
it is known to cause insomnia in higher doses .
it may have an impact on blood pressure but unlikely to cause major problems .
i do n't think it would be safe to cycle this long term as it is processed by the liver .
just a kid that wants to be loved and given attention by his father its a common trope .
you are correct about when to use i '' vs. me '' but you are incorrect about me and op '' .
it can feel really awful having all of that happy family shit shoved in your face and how everyone else apparently has the best mom ever
maybe they should just start with half day fridays as the norm and then work into it .
surely there are studies to support work/life balance especially in the age of mental health .
rather than realize he was wasting his time he chose to stand next to the hog and continously do nothing rather than just cut his losses and start running back to base .
how about a dragonborn a species from a different class of life eating dwarf or vice versa ?
i heavily disagree with the fantasy redefinition '' because we have a proper term and should n't inflate it until it becomes a meaningless phrase .
instead of needlessly confusing language i 'd try to introduce a new word to convey the meaning of eater of other sapient species '' .
man-eater '' already used for animals that eat people .
since people are generally a subset of animals this could apply to people who eat other people as well .
for a different word anthropophage '' carries the same meaning .
a possible archaic germanic term would be werfresser '' .
as this word is derived from men it may be more concerned with humanoids .
logophage '' derived from greek λόγος '' which means reason could convey the consumption of a sapient being .
this is more concerned with the targets ability to reason and would include beings such as gold dragons who are clearly sapient but not humanoid .
murderer in civil society the act of killing another person with previous consideration and a low motive arguably eating them when other food sources are available likely constitutes murder .
obviously does n't apply in case of carrion see next term .
sapient-scavenger '' coming across a corpse of another sapient creature most people do n't think of consuming its flesh .
cubivore '' coined by the nintendo game of the name cubivore survival of the fittest '' could work since the point of that game was to consume other sapient cuboid beings .
do you have a term that just rolls of the tongue in this regard ?
language aesthetics is really just a secondary concern given the closest thing the romans had to the term murder was homicidium praemeditatum which can be considered quite a mouthful .
nah i just jump up and say i believe i can fly ! !
have you tried any other headphones and how do they compare
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
that he still holds the world record for each of the 3 triple crown races offhand i can not think of a human equivalent
it 's crazy how the smallest changes can make such a huge impact .
like i used to be a puck spammer and they recently nerfed her turn rate .
so one of the big things you could do on puck was blink silence turn back and orb phase and out .
now the extra turn rate time gives some players which high reaction times enough time to stun or silence you as you turn to orb .
for a minute you guys had me thinking this game was coming to ps4 too dangit .
that being said its irrelevant if she wants to move forward .
the prospect of not leaving with half of everything scares some people .
anything we owned prior to getting together that increases in equity as a result of our relationship we split that increase in equity 50/50 .
no spousal support to an able bodied educated and gainfully employed spouse .
alimony of course if the other person did not work ... with a time limit unless divorced near or after retirement age
anyone who has an issue with what i outlined above is either an idiot who does n't understand alimony or a gold digger
his first start sucked and was attributed to blisters .
now first start back and it 's been rough .
wayyyyy to small of a sample size to draw any conclusions
it 's funny because in russia and in the right wing political parties of the us the us military was made out to be woke feminine gay and weak .
this was done by contrasting us vs. russian recruitment advertisements .
it goes to show you that you can show tough russian soldiers in an advertisement but the woke forces and tactics of the us and it 's nato allies are superior in every way .
i will try to find a good raw sea moss online .
are n't both sides supposed to be rounded for the gch ?
there is no murder rape torture or genocide in there
oh gee what a high bar for ecclesiastes to pass .
true a lot of them do n't show their true colours unless on specific subs
i get the rationale i just do n't agree with it .
throwing a mentally ill person in jail for such a thing is truly a simple-minded solution .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn_gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
she 's a very young woman and has been in the program for about a year .
she does n't have any training or experience at all .
it 's not her fault that this is n't working .
yes something like knowing that your mom was so unhappy she wanted to die is painful when someone you love especially a parent tells you that .
plus i m sure it planted a seed that from then on you would worry when she was sad .
the likelihood of someone committing suicide goes up in a person when a family member does it .
it gives the child the belief that it s an option .
i think her story is not a sad one if she tells it for the right reason and does n't get into the suffering she endured bc of her mom s illness .
however if there is a really good reason and the child is an adult and the info would help her in some way it could be good to share .
sharing bad experiences of a serious nature with your son or daughter is a really tricky decision and should never been done bc the parent just wants to tell someone .
i wish people would understand that being a parent is the most important responsibility one could have .
wish gov would offer free courses on child development and parenting .
op i saw where someone lent you 20 do you have the remainder or still need the other 40 ?
yta you guys only waited a month before jumping into a relationship ? ?
and there 's no mention of you talking to your friend to gauge her feelings on the matter just out of courtesy ?
to think of something like that as a way to keep that character still in the game ... ..
imagine complaining about a game feature that has barely any impact
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=neat-acanthisitta822 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i think there might be a pc under your dust !
my best friends and i have been friends for over 10 years and we never talk about our sex life like that .
sure we talked about what we like but we do n't mention anything about our partners
the story is about accepting disappointments accepting failures and continuing onwards regardless .
the message is n't to just live another day either .
it 's to live a vibrant life all the while .
yes it 's to control shame and your focus .
just think how different it would be for a married tbm to hook up with his high school girlfriend having to take garments off vs taking boxer shorts off .
not the exact same day but the same month 2 years later
he was the sure starter in the xi they had nobody else as an opener .
so yes i think playing ipl is better than county div 2 .
op i hope you 've dealt with this situation satisfactorily by now .
but for next time and for others call humane animal rescue of pittsburgh 's wildlife rehabilitation center !
they can help you solve wildlife-human problems in the best way possible for both people and wild animals .
got attacked in a bar and stabbed in the chest according to mr baldy anik
drill a small hole by the buttons and get a small wooden dowel to change the numbers .
i just ca n't believe she did the bro john krasinski
fuck whoever said hey '' still no penalty on the pens yet .
if you think ukraine did something bad in 2014 then argue that .
i 'd say they got rid of a tyrant who had no business there in the first place .
this shows that you do n't know what you 're talking about .
yanukovych was elected by a majority of the people of ukraine in 2010 election that the osce judged to be free and fair
the presidential election met most osce commitments and other international standards for democratic elections and consolidated progress achieved since 2004 .
the process was transparent and offered voters a genuine choice between candidates representing diverse political views .
however unsubstantiated allegations of large-scale electoral fraud negatively affected the election atmosphere and voter confidence in the process
btw those unsubstantiated allegations of large-scale electoral fraud '' did n't come from yanukovych they came from his opponent .
yanukovych certainly deserves blame for how he violently mishandled the euromaidan protests but he was the lawfully elected president of ukraine in 2010 .
if this post declares something as a fact/proof is required .
see this post https redd.it/ij26vk for a more detailed rule list
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think so unless it 's a bug .
the only problem would be you might end up overleveled for the area .
my problem is even with that setup i 've not got enough hands !
one hand on the multigrips and one hand on the socket wrench and there 's nothing to hold the towball still !
i think a vise is just essential in this case .
all i can see in that picture is the sandcastle from banjo kazooie where you go to put the cheat codes in .
speaking of lsat being problematic for people with vision issues lg will be going away around 2024 based on a lawsuit by blind lsat takers https www.abajournal.com/news/article/lsat-will-change-for-all-would-be-lawyers-as-a-result-of-blind-mans-lawsuit-settlement
who in the world thinks a kiwi accent in any remote way similar to an american or canadian accent ?
i assume you learn how to use folds on lists or how to recursively traverse a list and then you just follow math definition
am saying usa is member of nato and it is n't european
surge because he says juicy ! and i got the juice
i know you did n't ask but this is what 's wrong with gaming today we 're on ps5 now why for the love of god would we want to play ps1 and 2 games no wonder the newer games of today are garbage i 'm personally sick of older games and rubbish remaster 's while were at it let 's all go back to black and white tv 's aswell 🤣🤦🏻‍♂️
i live in dc and could easily relocate a couple of miles in either direction and live in maryland or virginia if this was so important to me .
that 's why the divorce rate in the united state is near 50 .
my wife can have guy friends after our divorce .
i do n't have much to offer but have my free award for your exquisite taste !
because there are a lot less smurfs then there are regular players .
1 smurf in a game with 9 regular players means 9 regular players have their games ruined .
1 smurf put in smurf queue means 1 player gets upset .
it fixed the problem for 99 of the playerbase who does not smurf .
wondering if he 's gon na drop it as a surprise he knows the date but he 's not gon na tell us .
you 'll just get a notification saying faygo has dropped the album and then he will start heavy promo
if a religion scares you their god is not worthy of worship .
it 's generally impossible to tell if fish is sushi grade '' or safe to eat raw from a picture alone .
if you are looking for sushi grade fish get fish that has been deep frozen 20c for 7 days or 35c for 15 hours a household freezer does not get this low or ask a local fishmonger with a good reputation for what they would recommend is safe to eat raw .
if you are looking for a source for sushi grade fish please make sure to include information about where you are country and city .
this was posted because from your title automod guessed you were asking about whether it was safe to eat certain fish raw .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sushi if you have any questions or concerns .
and i wanted something that was reliable and backed by a really good manufacturer .
i have heard so many good things about arb .
that was n't as entertaining as my tired ass thought it was going to be
thank you..this reply is different from others but answers questions i wanted to know but did n't ask haha
some of my collectuon videos are from a free sites claiming to be 4k ... and in file properties details it will say 3840 x 2160 .
but it will be a smaller file size than the same film on another which despite being larger will be only 2k .
this is confusing when trying to build a decent collection for others .
not sure if we can list sites or is there a list if the best free sites ?
for hard to find closed studio 's retired actor i use torrent and a obscure site which seems to have all original videos but slow downloads again not sure if i can name sites ?
and ofcourse supporting the industry via their studio sites .
i solve this now i did n't expect to work i bend one of my switch pin on the broken stuck pin and for some reasons it work .
khelunga vro purane games khelni ki aadat hai elden ring isliye khelna hai kyuki more berserk references
would flying bush planes work just as well at this point because those fly low to the ground and they can take off on a very short flat field which ukraine has lots of .
typical romanian accusing us being all these things when 70 of it is not true .
yes we have a quasi-dictator and our freedom of press is garbage but most of us would not be ready to go to war with our neighbours .
and we 're not discriminatory against our minorities except maybe against the roma but you can not possible say that as a romanian because you treat them the exact same way .
because i would n't quit on a game it 's obvious i 've never played a high level sport lmaoooo
your submission has been removed due to your comment karma being below 200 .
you may have been able to post before but for now you may not with your low comment karma .
this is due to the recent increase of spam in the subreddit .
no we will not approve this post and you will not be an exception .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegesluts if you have any questions or concerns .
tell them the truth about not being able to live on it and you have too much experience to be given the same amount of pay as anyone else who gets that job
laptops models hardware generally which a lot of people use/buy are usually well supported .
r/onlyfansblonde is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansblonde if you have any questions or concerns .
no such thing as an ethical millionaire or billionaire .
some level of exploitation cutting corners overworking and underpaying employees and blatant human rights violations is required to amass that much wealth .
if it was just a matter of working hard '' the people with 2-3 jobs working 12 hours a day would be the richest people yet they 're some of the poorest .
because she did 😭 red 1989 and rep world tour .
it 's basically a meme among italian fans there were no planned italian dates in the lover one as well
but now i 'll older and with a bit more money so i guess i 'll try to travel in an european city in case
i logged 4 hrs archero screen time everyday on average for a loooooong time .
i have a parker open comb one of wcs closed combs and a 1950s gillette adjustable since getting my first van der hagen
my point was just that you do n't need to drop 30 on a useable de
sounds like some streamer ignored you and you came here to rant lmao
it looks like you have a eu 256gb reservation .
you reserved your deck 15 hours 35 minutes 7 seconds after pre-orders opened .
there are 59 minutes 27 seconds worth of pre-orders before yours remaining .
i had to watch back but basically he lied about what happened in the dessert they both did and let mike listen in while lalo was interrogating .
but you 're the one that has to truly make that decision .
me speaking from an end game perspective i would tell you to go ahead and put it into your merits but since i have n't been early game or even mid game in a very long time i would also assume that the gear is better to get as well .
without the gear you may not survive and war to even further your metits in the 1st place
as much as they 're like oil and water today texans and californians used to see each other as brothers .
hell the red star on the californian flag is for texas
for ninja blue 0 pitches make up at least 10 cards .
this way you can kodachi twice and still have an open resource for a 1 cost card .
open the center is nice if you can combo into it .
there 's probably a few i 'm missing but this is my general advice .
i like to go super wide for my budget ira .
i did probability of going on the same transport .
if russell adapts to the new broncos offense then yeah he will probably replace herbert .
as a broncos fan it will take him a few games to truly jell in the broncos offense .
the vikings could of done well in the nfc east but they would still have mike zimmer if we are talking last year .
they still would have choked every game away because of mike zimmer .
they would still have the place where kickers go to die .
while sure the cowboys probably would be a first round exit per usual the vikings could only be a tie to the cowboys .
i have no argument here i just prefer tannehill and kirk over derek .
they 're literally all almost the same player it 's just that tannehill had more success and kirk consistently throws single digit interceptions .
he drove away odell and has led the league in picks .
i really wanted baker to be good since i was paying a lot of attention to him in oklahoma but now that baker has been replaced which he was definitely screwed over where is he going to go ?
the system is n't allowing me shit ... in fact it 's taking rights from muslims .
i mean explain how banning islamic dress code helps with anything .
the french ones are n't requesting some big change in the government nor do they want to enforce the religion on anyone plenty people are joining it through their own will making it the world 's most growing religion ever muslims just want to be respected and to leave the religion they practice outside of mean spirited mockery .
as for your comment about dead cult '' i really hope you know what you 're talking about next time .
a vacuum ejector or simply ejector is a type of vacuum pump which produces vacuum by means of the venturi effect .
in an ejector a working fluid liquid or gaseous flows through a jet nozzle into a tube that first narrows and then expands in cross-sectional area .
the fluid leaving the jet is flowing at a high velocity which due to bernoulli 's principle results in it having low pressure thus generating a vacuum .
f.a.q https www.reddit.com/r/wikisummarizer/wiki/index wiki_f.a.q opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikisummarizerbot message=optout subject=optout opt out of subreddit https np.reddit.com/r/fluidmechanics/about/banned github https github.com/sujal-7/wikisummarizerbot downvote to remove v1.5
those are coupon rewards that is claimed by using the claim all mail button
yeah about 3 times technically thier biggest nerf was to their synchro engine when their revival got limited to 2 .
but then it also had the grass ban but that was to cut shira then .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
by the way i have n't unlocked the odyssey i am only on the first stage of the grandberry market i only know about the story i watched youtube videos about it also the odyssey is just a story and does n't have much action so i do n't really plan of that being one of my priorities to unlock my only priority was unlocking the cookie alliance and after that i 'll play the story mode again when i feel like it
these r things which i want in india before 2024 .
yes people often want to pet my dog 'cause he 's weird/cute looking .
it is a happy ask but unfortunately my weird little dog is a asshole
yeap doodad is the best way just set radio to the frequency and the phone will hook up and it 's removable cheap and better than the crappy ads
you have a memory of gold do n't let them take it from you .
hausärzte schreiben für psychische probleme ungerne länger als 6 wochen krank da das den krankenkassen wohl nicht gefällt .
daher empfehle ich parallel bereits einen facharzt zu suchen der die krankschreibung dann in absprache weiterführt .
hi i 've been looking for friends to play with as well i play fortnite on xbox !
hey who would be better mings and toty dias or tots dias and tots laporte ?
i have the crs112 and it does the job but seems a bit outdated .
the sfp ports are only sfp not sfp therefore no 10gb uplink .
it only supports passive poe out of the box so if you want to power 802.3af/at poe/poe you need to buy a second power supply .
and you need both power supplies plugged in if you want to mix passive poe and poe .
i 'm a cyclist and can avoid most cakes at cafe stops .
that rule does not apply though for a tiffin .
i 'm 1,000 sure you ca n't go to another country easily from those countries i know i only got a b in geography but still .
and the ones who want to visit some totally different region during oktoberfest '' because they have n't caught on to it not being a holiday season .
i used to work next to a bollard and loads of people got caught .
it even got one of the people who worked with me
i agree with you on your reasoning with garland .
we 're not talking a matter of an inch or two he 's just a much smaller player than rj herro hunter and all 4 of them are very very talented .
out of 100 attacks using the random table how many do you recon you need to change or tamper with in some way ?
i just want to get an understanding of how robust the system is .
i 'd love to play if you 're interested .
we tried it today and she laid down several times !
we celebrated and i jackpot rewarded her every time !
he kicked people out of invasions for no reason .
the jays are on pace for 92 wins in spite of a sleepy offense that ca n't buy a hit once a runner reaches 2nd base .
i 'd argue it 's going to wake up soon too the only reason why it did n't this weekend is because something like 90 of the hard hit balls in the guardians series were tracked down and snagged by fielders .
nahu food mimics the sound of someone trying to speak with a stuffed mouth
i tell my husband ya pits stink and he uses some .
there is this pink sailor moon sweater i want really bad but i just gave my ex 6k to help him out of a bad situation .
now my bank account looks depressed and i just ca n't bring myself to buy anything for myself .
my story has an arachne girl but do n't tell the other readers that it 's a for sure thing .
the rebound from this sell off is going to be epic .
man nobody told me that i would have like weird testicular/taint pain when i blew a load with covid .
even if it 's laughing i do n't think it likes it .
do n't you remember being a kid getting tickled and yku ca n't stop it ?
definitely an upgrade but i will probably get some better 6.5 in the future .
i 'll wait until crutchfield has it figured out .
i got the the harness kicker key and the hideaway installed today .
not impressed with the hideaway look for something different if you can .
i googled how to change the cabin filter and found a youtube video .
i 'm going to spend more time this week figuring out the gain levels and whatnot for the sub and amp but i do n't think the sub will give me what i 'm looking for .
i had a small jl ported 8 '' box in trunk of my car that was just enough bump for everything i listened to .
you bitcoin fluffers are just lemmings walking off a cliff together .
i do n't think i have ever seen prp injection covered by insurance .
did they give you both the injection code and the jcode for the drug ?
also just cause it does not require prior auth does not mean insurance wo n't deny it as not medically necessary or experimental
they verbally told me that if the insurance would n't pay then i would have to pay out of pocket .
i was n't aware that the provider has contract with my insurance company that they will not accept payment for prp injection .
it 's 5-0 tampa ... . how is mr steve dangle doing
my best friend has bpd which makes them feel is linked to their fluctuating romantic attraction intensity wise .
i remember them feeling they do n't quite fit in demiromantic aromantic or alloromantic bc of it .
i mentioned abroromanticism and even though they felt intrigued they also felt like they were invading '' the space since they believe it 's caused by their personality disorder .
i reassured them that it does n't matter what causes it you would n't invalidate an asexual person bc you just have anxiety or ptsd '' etc and therefore you 're not abrosexual bc you have bpd '' is just as baseless .
they thanked me for the reassurance but they did n't quite claim or not the title .
and quite frankly i doubt the label was the most important part of the conversation but rather helping them feel included somewhere was the point .
which is my excuse as to why i do n't remember if they claimed that label
idk i thought it was a neat lil story that was related
did n't get mad at them once i 'm proud of them .
true this was sort of the point of my original sarcastic comment .
sure all the iphones and gopros can capture 4k60 but they 're built for casual capturing of short moments .
and then you have cameras that are built to go all day but those come with a different kind of price tag .
well either way i 'll continue to and if you stare in disgust expect my middle finger .
idk about telling people to just move it 's usually not that simple so not a strong arguement
move to where you are able to do so .
anyway people move halfway across the country for a 70k a year job .
the odds of you finding the a house right next to where you are employed on your first go around is minimal
there are homes within your price range that are less then an hour from miami.if your job was good enough to prevent you from moving them you could afford a house in your area .
you can do it if you want and are willing to sacrifice something .
for what 's it 's worth house prices in that section of florida priced me out as well .
any job that requires you to be separate from your phone is suspicious to me .
if your employees have enough free time to faff on their phone then it sounds like you are n't deligating tasks properly .
cellphones are also how we communicate during emergencies and sometimes you need to fire off a quick tweet and that should n't be an issue .
if there are actual shitty workers who are on their phone and neglecting their job you fire them .
not hand down an asshole ruling on all people .
also not many people have watches these days and use their phone to tell time .
heck my job just says its ok to glance at your phone or use it to research an answer to a customer 's question but just keep it in your pocket otherwise . ''
i put my phone on silent at work and check to see if i have a message while on break or in the bathroom .
one is the size of letters falling on the retina .
when you focus a camera far away you must change the focus if the subject comes closer regardless of what size the subject is .
when you focus a camera at 16 inches it does n't matter what size letter you use at 20 feet they 're all too blurry to measure .
it 's why snellen tests are almost always done at 20 feet .
that 's the distance where the correction factor is small enough to ignore and you only have to think about letter size .
they are clearly the public speaker while leon is just a rascal 😁
no objects are alike and can be distinguished if you have enough information about them
because it was hidden like a tick in the add
more like chemical warfare against the people and actual democracy .
at this point the opposition to raising the minimum is n't even about the specific dollar value of the minimum .
it 's that the opponents do n't want to acknowledge the basic humanity of the people working at that level .
i heard of it some years back and completely forgot about it thought it was a tale .
the only thing i saw was that smirk that said tío todo te sale bien hoy '' .
carlos was just toying with him at one point and jcf was laughing about it .
they want to hog your attention to confirm their biases !
the 3rd outfit with the t-shirt and jeans looks cool and effortless so i 'm getting gamine .
maybe the last shirt feels odd '' because it 's more of a romantic vibe .
as a community r/bedbugs has decided they do not want to view photos of suspected bug bites .
the sidebar guide on monitoring https www.reddit.com/r/bedbugs/comments/3f5zro/crispys_diy_ipm_strategy_for_bed_bugs contains many proven modes of detection and please feel free to post again if you have more questions or bed bug id requests etc .
if you are dead set on sharing pictures of your suspected bites please check out r/bugbites as their entire community is dedicated to speculating on them .
if you believe your post has been removed in error please resubmit without referring to bites or being bitten in the title .
attempting to circumvent this automod action to submit images of suspected bites will result in an immediate ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bedbugs if you have any questions or concerns .
nothing i guess that probably does exist but would not match my decor .
even if you ca n't get many donations i think people could agree to share your story .
to add to that if you think you 're ugly you 're not likely to put an effort into your appearances .
not only is it a self-fulfilling prophecy situation people will pick up on someone just not making any effort .
who wants to be involved with someone that 's going to make zero effort ?
do n't need too much just some decent clothes a decent haircut and that helps the confidence level .
and it lets people know you 're capable of making an effort .
and the most important thing is the goal should be to make sure everyone is having fun .
if everyone around you is having fun someone might decide to continue having fun with you later .
no worries it is n't from you and i can take a scrap .
i 'm not sure why i 'm getting so many downvotes as i thought that surely having something change in your menstrual cycles would be something anyone thinks about ... i think that 's a good strategy thanks for suggesting it !
i thought you were going to share an actual terrible name worth hating .
i think brooks is cute for a little boy and ages well !
i 've known one brooks in my life and he was very masculine and everyone i knew liked him .
is it just me or the nipples look a tad bit south ?
i mean it 's possible your teachers never told you about moonlighting as a maid right ?
and honestly the maid thing is n't exactly realistic outside of japan but a more realistic idea would be a teacher moonlighting as a sex worker which is what kawakami is .
i do n't think it 's entirely out of the realm of possibility for a teacher to be a sex worker on the side considering teacher salaries are not the best .
i do n't know how much the usual nft that 's why i do n't have any idea
these all came from the same science that recognizes us to be classified as animals .
if we are not animals all those other things do n't exist either .
he was smart and strong just like he should be .
if it makes you feel any better we probably are n't as bad as the first photosynthetic organisms that killed themselves off by producing oxygen .
black shoes and white sox a big faux pas too
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
someone should tell keem about the third reich i 'd say those people where right wingers trying to not just deplatform the left but burn the stage they where standing on
no fun gimmicks everyone gets stats dr — it 's not unique at all anymore
if there was a beat behind i would 've given it a 10
zoe illaoi and bard usually i dont get bored of any of them but if i do i pick the other 2 till i feel like playing it
taking that into video games divinity original sin 2 already has the first two points possibly all 3 .
i want to believe but how could allah ever allow something like this ?
semi copy-paste just because i want to see the opinion on different people on that .
i 'm not pro life i 'm not religious either but i can see the logic in many pro life arguments .
for instance my question is why we humans have a bias for such organism only after the delivery ?
if some people are ok to let the choice to have an abortion exist until delivery because secondary effects like socio economical issues why the mother can not still have the freedom to kill the baby 3 seconds after the delivery ?
are we devaluing the woman by denying the right to kill such organism knowing that it gon na have a negative impact on her ?
also should the fact that we know that the fetus as some point can effectively prove pain been under moral consideration ?
if not if the mother wants to can we do experiment on it that potentially gon na be painful ?
what 's the difference to break a baby hand outside the womb and instead to break the baby hand inside the womb if the pain and the end result will be the same ?
drugo da time što je to uradila učinila je moje finansije ranjivijim .
ponavljam po 15. put da to što moja banka ima moje podatke ne znači da može da ih koristi za aktiviranje usluga .
utuvi u svoju glavu da pravna lica od nas dobijaju naše podatke za usko definisane namene a svaka namena koju nismo prethodno odobrili je nezakonita .
da će banka zloupotrebiti tvoje podatke tako što će ti odobriti kredit može da misli samo neko ko apsolutno nema veze sa mozgom kako banke rade i kako izgleda postupak odobravanja kredita . ''
molim da mi objasniš razliku između odobravanja kredita bez moje dozvole i odobravanja kartice bez moje dozvole .
kako se tačno razlikuju te dve stvari u zakonskom smislu ?
iz tvog citiranja zakona izvlačim ključnu stavku ako ograničenje dopušta ustav '' .
uporno izvlačiš iz konteksta stvari koje govorim i oblikuješ ih tako da možeš nekako da ih osporiš .
znam da sam rekao da neću više ni da te uvažavam ali evo samo još jednom da konstatujem za nekog ko drži advokat u imenu i aktivan je u grupi za pravne savete alarmantno je kakve idiotarije dozvoljavaš sebi .
kako ne bih više morao da trpim ovako jednostranu diskusiju gde odbijaš da slušaš šta ti sagovornik govori biću prinuđen da te blokiram .
so in highschool he was n't talking about pedo shit like he does now he was more just a very suicidal metal head loser and then he started doing drugs and everyone dropped him and he turned out really fucked up i 'm so curious to find out how mark found him
his old friends watched the video and they do n't think he 's lying they do n't understand why he did it why he said what he said
update mark makes posts on fetlife dot com to get people to come on for interviews
hahaha webtoons are an inferior version of the manga that is so famous and beloved world wide ... but that 's to be expected from a lesser people .
i will acknowledge that they 're better than the atrocities the chinese would try to pass off as a story though .
i 'm kind off on the fence about all of this .
cause in the end it 's a drawing who the fuck cares really ?
people also do n't get mad over killing fictional characters in videogames .
i just do n't get why people are fine with one but not the other .
and before anyone wants to get accusational no i 'm not 1into these things i just do n't get why people hate it so much .
yes lmaoo uryu fights haschwalt an entire night bruh how is any espada fighting him ?
i 've been at brc with a few days left thinking i could really use some more shrooms .
too bad i did n't find this earlier i stored my xqc g fuel indirect sunlight for over a year and that shit smells nasty and gives me bellyaches
thank you u/0rangeeappeal for posting your submission has been successfully posted in r/tattooedgirls !
check out these similar subreddits r/altgirlsgw r/sexyinkedgirls r/inkedsluts r/gonewildinked .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattooedgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
people like this are hilarious and sad at the same time
you 're delusional if you think islam knocks charles down and then let 's him get back up like dustin and justin because he 's scared to take it to the ground .
there will likely be one takedown in each round and one will submit the other in it
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn_gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
governance idea mandatory background checks before hiring evidence to be submitted when such incidents occur
p. s. with a surname like kuttay 😂😂 i wonder whether he was trolled by the students such that he had to frame such a question
its sad because without match point everyone was just feeding kills for points bc nobody gave a shit
jaune and his right hand that apparently identifies as female good for her .
i do n't have an issue with the ruling coming after .
i have an issue with the play from dafran being celebrated for creativeness and featured multiple times in top plays videos yet mayhem get penalized for a vague ruling that there is precedent showing it could have not been applicable to .
you ignored completely where i just stated gunba did n't absolve fault just explained why they thought it would n't apply .
if you would read what all is said instead of just trying to be right we could get off on a better foot .
i have an experience in a kinda sorta similar vein .
we have a local charity that was just starting up a few years ago .
they wanted to help those who were homeless or very low income .
at the time they did n't really advertise they were religious so i did n't know .
anyway they had a facebook group where you could donate items to people in need .
i was able to donate a microwave to someone .
after they picked it up they sent me a message on facebook thanking me and praising the lord and other religious related nonsense .
i politely said i was n't religious but i appreciated the thought .
i let the admin of the group know that someone was doing that to people who were donating to them and they did n't really care .
more of a oh that sucks '' and that was it .
i hoped they 'd at least post something about etiquette and how to be polite to people of all religions especially if they are kind enough to donate things to you but nope .
it was then and there i immediately stopped supporting their organization .
it was n't about microwave lady but how the admin and owner of the organization did n't care .
later the owner came out in support of antiblm and i was glad i stopped supporting them when i did !
your best option is probably try be at least 5 better just 5 you can do it !
some players for some reason and contrary to common sense and experience expected someting .
i bet it 's already been replaced if the combo is still working .
european here and i hate that we have to pay like 2 euro for a glass of water in restaurants .
american money that has destroyed half the middle east and privatised the most basic needs in south america ?
it 's scary huh i do n't want to see these over la 😟😢
i got a little bit of wheelbite so i had to tighten te trucks a bit .
enjoy the smoothness of big wheels and the comfort of more foot space !
lmao i did nearly except i got in the cube portal but accidentally clicked after and killed myself
in my experience the fixed is better than the sprint .
the sprint is full of try hards despite the race being longer
saying ukraine provoked '' putin by soliciting western protection is like saying you provoked '' a burglar by shopping for a security system .
it might sound better if russia had n't already annexed part of ukraine 8 years ago .
they were both standing in front of miranda 's locker .
miranda stared down the hall where a boy in a leather jacket and ripped jeans was throwing his books into a locker .
i 'm tired of being seen as the good girl the one that does n't get noticed by boys.
miranda stood there for a moment seemingly frozen in place wondering if she should go through with this .
she willed herself to walk over there briskly walking down the hall to the bad boy 's locker before she had time to change her mind .
hey dalton. he had slammed the locker shut and was starting to walk away as she came up .
so what did you want to talk to dalton about ?
miranda tried not to cringe as he referred to himself in the third person .
god this is going to be worse than i imagined .
i heard from a couple of girls that you were a really good kisser
so you decided that you wanted to try some of the dalton for yourself to see what it 's like ? miranda did n't say anything she just nodded her head .
well i 've got some good news for you babe dalton aims to please .
follow me. without waiting for any further response he turned around and walked down the hall miranda following after him .
an overhead speaker beeped it sounded excessively loud inside the small supply closet where dalton and miranda were currently making out .
this is a reminder that all students who are 14 years old need to report to the auditorium at once for sadie jones day principal strickland announced over the intercom .
dalton opened the door and they both stepped out of the supply closet .
what 's going on here ? dalton turned around .
behind the opened closet door was a man standing in bewilderment gawking at the two teenagers who had just walked out .
he was dressed in purple robes and was wearing a top hat .
why do n't you mind your own business old man dalton sneered before turning back around and walking to the auditorium .
synth-pop music was playing through the speakers running down both the walls .
principal strickland walked onto the stage and up to the microphone signaling for the music to stop .
over 500 years ago a local witch named sadie jones planted a magical apple tree in our town center .
the tree allowed the town to flourish people inside the town never got sick and lived longer than usual the weather was always perfect the soil was richer in nutrients allowing crops to grow that would have never grown previously .
consuming the apples from the sacred tree on sadie jones day gives us powers but this can only be achieved by 14-year-olds .
when a baby is born in our town a reader comes to the hospital places their palm on the baby 's forehead and writes their power down on a piece of paper placed in a purple envelope. he pointed to a table in front of the stage .
in a moment this year 's giver will come up and hand out the envelopes to each of you .
once everyone receives one you will drink a glass of apple juice from the sacred tree open the letter and you will be granted your powers .
let 's begin giver. he motioned for the man who had seen dalton and miranda leaving the supply closet a few minutes earlier .
the giver called each student 's name one by one and they came up to the table to grab their envelope .
meanwhile the school lunch ladies began serving everyone glasses of apple juice .
once everyone had their envelopes and a glass of juice the principal came up to the stage and spoke into the microphone again .
alright now everyone first drink your apple juice and then open your letter. dalton drank the juice ripped open the envelope and unfolded the letter .
he sat there in shock not believing what he was seeing .
instead of a lengthy letter explaining his powers as his peers had received in his hand was a letter with just four words written on it do n't kiss my daughter.
yurko 's just gon na let the ammo do the talking .
many they rain hell on some scum of the earth orcs .
you can easily find the podcast and it 's episode 310 it 's the second story at 40:30 they tell two each episode .
i commute to mac and i got no social life whatsoever part of it is me being shy but still
but it seems only nbk announced it so far .
logan paul named the wadurs pretty clearly and bapa did n't do anything
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funsized if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't imagine how painful that must 've been for her before the surgery but you got ta respect her level of determination and moxie .
easy response is no one wants to work for little to no money how you fix it ?
make more people that are far worst that in long term will work for the privilege of eating before sleeping
imagine if they properly pushed roman seth balor and wyatt and if bryan did n't leave .
god damn this would 've been one of the best eras ever
to be fair any era could be the best era if the stars were pushed properly
no i saw it from a distance but did n't go .
it was probably full of people there are always people there even in mid-winter in awful weather .
weird how the west suddenly cares about muslims when china is the one doing the oppressing
hmmm just another question is there any girl who likes dick pics cuz i feel they are disgusting and extremely inappropriate .
ss are basically the top ex vagos and vagos were considered by many as the 2nd strongest gang before they all left to start ss .
ss recently picked up julian and he 's a shooter with years of experience also .
it 's hard to say how mdm/rdm would fare because they 've never been in a big war together .
mdm did n't do very well in the easy mode war with cg so t 's going to be interesting .
i do think the addition of the rdm members will make it a closer battle in the streets than if it was just mdm .
mdm will lose the financial war though as soon as sprays get touched or it gets drawn out too long ss will win be default as long as neither side gives up .
soldier oh demn i guess i stay here and do nothing
please do not resubmit it or contact the mods .
your post is not deleted and we will review it as soon as we can .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/narcissisticabuse if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think people in this line of work have any of that .
pillage when necessary especially villages in the fringes and on borders that have low wind and/or no resources
the most incompetent has to be the one cato gave a hand to .
a whole cast of characters completely separate from the kaldwin era .
and as an overseer you could give it a horror slant because you 'd have no powers and be fighting against foes perverted by black magic and the arcane .
strapped into the cold steel seat the other overseers enter the cell with the heretics brand .
you just spent the opening learning about their corruption and wickedness and now they have the high overseer at their mercy .
struggling as the brand inches closer you wrestle an arm free .
you grab the brand crack one mask and knock off another to cut a man 's face .
with a moment to breath you free yourself only to hear the alarm sounding .
prison break like d1 but this time you 're either fighting or creeping to escape .
eventually you 'll make it to an old underground railcar station probably obsolete thanks to some new safer mode of transportation where you can make a plan to strike back at those who have dishonored you and your faith .
i own a pair of lcd-x which are a bit more high end but similarly tuned .
just keep in mind they do n't do that well without an amplifier
the problem that is 50 men going after women in their early to mid 20s or are you talking about a different problem ?
last time i checked you could play as f2p on ily if your acc is less than 2 weeks old you can how could ya create a character on it if it 's full and you 're not sub 'd yet ?
are you dumb or something.its more of a fact than your opinion
these couture '' outfits all look like things i wore in middle school and thought i looked cool
i 'm grateful that beating your children is illegal in my country so no one gets their ass whooped
and washington examiner is a conservative shit rag that should be shut down for disinformation
the best sexual partner i have had in my 43yrs did not say one word about his skills so when we did have sex i was blown away .
not in that i did n't think he 'd be good we had chemistry but he was incredibly skilled and did n't feel the need to brag about it prior .
you 're right i was actually gon na hold it in my hand because i had a feeling something was gon na happen to them .
my mom had told me to leave in the bag so they would n't charge me a carry on fee and i listened to her and i really regret it .
good fire rate good dps on close overheat depends on your preferences
ca n't jump while firing awful accurancy overheat again depends on you
but it would be better if they shut down tho
i want a normalized '' behaviour when it comes to preselecting yes or no options .
you want to add another flask spend a flask to summon torrent ?
why would i ever not want to add another flask ?
it sounds like you are not having a lot of difficulty handling the situation appropriately .
so the question comes down to whether or not your discomfort at this persistent issue outweighs your enjoyment/fulfillment in your job .
i imagine that you get a sense of satisfaction in that line of work which is why you have n't already transferred .
and if you did transfer would the next person be able to handle it as well as you have been ?
if this continues to escalate and you find yourself being bothered by it more than the amount of satisfaction you get from the rest of your work you should absolutely transfer .
but if you feel you can handle their childish flirtations while still helping them then i think you should stay .
it might be that you are teaching them how that kind of activity can be inappropriate especially in these circumstances .
you might be doing a lot more good in your situation than you immediately perceive .
but if you ever feel threatened or that your job is in jeopardy then you should not risk it .
you can only keep doing good work if you are allowed to .
and you should never put your professional life in jeopardy for the idle amorous distractions of someone else .
shows how much more gracious and nice you are compared to her !
now you know for sure that anything with less than a three-digit price tag will likely get a rude remark from mil fil so no more presents for her !
she just saved you a bunch of money in future gifts 😏
the us is n't welding the population of whole cities into their homes at the moment so that 's a win and they are n't fudging death counts unlike china either
you had so few words to string into a sentence and failed
even if she 's editing it she 's still prolly prettier than everyone here 🤣
it does n't really give much incentive to want to upgrade your subscription to luxe if they are offering the same products..also the glow recipe plump plump is advertised as being in base this month but also is supposed to be a premium choice for next month !
bruh trophy-based matchmaking is not the same as skill-based matchmaking
also i never considered harden a top 5 player based on his play style and underwhelming playoff performances top 5 players to me and i assume most people are the players that can most contribute to winning a championship on any team .
is ultra deluxe a new game a remake or something in-between
iirc red bull used a different lubricant supplier until 2017 ?
and that meant they were single-digit hp below what renault had .
rcia varies in quality and unfortunately sometimes orthodoxy from parish to parish .
if you want to ensure a solid orthodox catechesis find an approved society that celebrates the traditional latin mass like the fssp or icksp and ask them for private instruction .
i think there are a few dozen eggs missing but it 's a good start .
however my arms were cuffed in front of me and they had hit someplace a bit more ... intimate”😏
it 's extremely amusing to me how you describe 22c as the cold '' like it 's some kind of lovecraftian entity out to freeze and consume the whole planet when it 's just an almost universally accepted value for room temperature
if your comment is n't about the contents of the video and subject she 's discussing then please refrain from leaving an insulting comment thanks .
there 's a humam trafficking documentary trafficking kids from mexico .
the parents mortgage the house to the person 'giving them the opportunity to come to us and work .
in maine decoster was busted and he changed his name and started in another state .
they have to tell the kids if they do n't work parents will lose their house .
no americans or anyone with the choice will do the work .
i know in maine he just got fined and paid .
how did you get all those awesome mushroom themed decorations ?
do n't be ashamed look on the bright side you 'll get free nuggets !
nothing to worry — i felt the similar after h/s .
i did n't take college seriously until i was 21. i tried community college before i actually wanted to go and i completely failed .
i lived at home and on my own and then back at home until i was 26 .
honestly i still do n't know what i want to do age 30 .
if there is a job or trade you enjoy start there .
live with mom and dad as long as possible .
is this a daily study session thing or every week ?
i can do weekly check-ins but not daily cause i have other engagements .
and like someone said this seems a lot of work .
absolutely in love-hate with how this post just kept going take my award .
his 2000-2001 season alone he achieved more success than westbrook did in his peak mvp season .
if you throw context all out the window and westbrook has been in the finals already
i personally have n't seen anything though but i would n't doubt there is given that pvp hacks have existed in the past .
i would be very careful with multi-stacking attack bonuses .
gaining a potential 6 to hit on top of everything else is arguably better than permanent advantage .
it very much reminds me of a griffon saddlebag item the lightseer 's gaze https www.reddit.com/r/thegriffonssaddlebag/comments/mw6r4k/the_griffons_saddlebag_lightseers_gaze_wondrous ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share .
sadly i have yet to have a monk in the party .
considering other people who have no hand in oppressing you as oppressors is just deplorable .
it 's like saying all white people are bad because one guy is racist .
so considering all straight people as oppressors is equally as bad .
if someone oppresses you that person is the oppressor other people who look like him are not .
making fun of everybody is alright when its done equally but currently jokes made by us about a certain community '' is discouraged while them making fun of us is encouraged like it suddenly becomes a noble cause when the do it .
we would like to remind any new users that r/dykesgonewild is a subreddit for lesbian bisexual and queer women to share nsfw pictures of themselves and to admire each other .
in the wide wonderful landscape of the many gonewild subreddits this is the only one exclusively made for queer women .
we ask that those of you who are outside this subreddit 's purpose please be understanding of the space we are trying to make .
new lesbian/bi users a big gay welcome to our community !
and if you 're worried about staying safe fake accounts or receiving unwanted messages ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dykesgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i honestly dont think rivers loves the chargers very much .
the philippines are like the united states of the east .
i kinda feel like peridot is the only one who actually redeemed herself
they did him dirty by having no substance to his character .
dark ford was the only interesting thing to happen with him and they left it without a satisfying conclusion .
it 's entirely possible that all this is true but it reads like straight up propaganda .
this is precisely the type of low level annoyance i was thinking of !
and with hard work it could be brought back to it 's full glory .
the old sites and apps want you to think that they are a normal part of life ... but they are not .
the majority of single people are not on either .
during the same public appearance biden also stated accurately that vaccinated people are less likely to catch the virus than unvaccinated people and if they do catch it are less likely to get sick .
jesus americans are really humping the pooch on this one .
i 'm confused as to why the mods have removed the link to the consumer petition .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 24 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfansgirls101 .
our company paid a lot of money for a new sales trainer and sales training in general .
although i think the guy has past experience i do n't believe he 's ever dealt with the monster that we face on a daily basis out in the field .
i 'm taking some of it in ... but a lot of it just flat out does n't work .
i like the guy and kinda feel bad ... so i try for some of it just to be supportive ... but most of it just does n't match the real life situation
yeah he 's great he is in his forever home and happy as a clam .
for classic be sure to see the horrible dr. hichcock and count dracula 's great love .
the hanging woman and mill of the stone women are worth a watch too .
i assume you 've seen legend of the werewolf with cushing and stuff like and now the screaming starts .
takai is the director of 16 and he did the last remant and soga series .
the dude has been at the company for 30 years so he has a lot of experience .
he and yoshi p the director of 14 were the ones who fixed that mmo together .
yoshi is the producer for 16 so he is the one responsible for polishing the hell out of the game so they do n't release crap .
the dude delayed the release of the most hyped expansion of 14 weeks before release because he wanted to fix 1 cutscene .
if 16 is bad it wo n't be released .
he already delayed it 6 months despite it being nearly finished .
i swear they talked about his vacation when they broadcasted the angels game earlier this season
this guy is the biggest pussy in the nba .
how about you man the fuck up and stop blaming everything and everyone but yourself and your team .
is n't it the time right now to break those stupid standards ?
like nowadays such a big community as lgbtq exists in the us men can openly say that they 're attracted to another men but you still stick to standards what makes a male person a man '' ?
i 'm straight guy but that 's completely senseless for me because women in the us nowadays have equal rights if not more and equal opportunities to earn money if not even more .
i just do n't understand these criteria they 're inappropriate nowadays
bruh personally i would n't give a 7 yo a pc setup .
maximum a laptop for them but a pc is a little too much .
masturbation of twice a day or more reduces testosterone .
abstinence of around 3 days to a few weeks increases testosterone significantly
that 's so funny we just discuss the podcass b .
if it 's on here it happened so what 's radical about that ?
and is bapa trying to turn baby face saying his feelings are hurt and garner sympathy ?
i think it 's a bit late for that .
i appreciate that sentiment but the vast majority of the world 's children inherit a religious valence long before they understand they even have freedom of thought
strike first strike fast leave no one alive lori .
this is the only language nazi scotus scum who want state and local power restored from the feds by constitutional means understand .
yeah ok but who the fuck gave me a downvote ?
next to ‘life ' this was an eddie murphy classic .
i had know idea people did n't like it like that .
guess i 'll have a threesome with my oc couple then
i left almost a decade ago after 15 years of marriage .
still a single mother these days but it 's better than my marriage .
shrugs they blacklist chinese firms and the chinese can pull out investments or ban indian firms too
i have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable .
usually by making funny jokes based on the context of the fight spiderman-esque one liners or arena style commentating lmao .
i wish we could go a bit faster but a couple people at the table have difficulty focusing on others turns while planning out their own .
3/4ths of us have adhd or similar so often when planning well get to their turn with an oh shit forgot my turn was coming .
pre covid i was in a shared uber when another passenger got a call from one of these companies asking for the man of the house lol had to explain to her that this never works out in the customers favor .
i could n't imagine judging anyone for having a job and i would like to think he would feel the same way too..
that chicken was almost still breathing when she served it tbh .
so you want me to judge yourself u/profanitycounter alright !
imma judge you based on your comment activity in the past 7 days
hmm ... you 've posted a total of 986 comments in last 7 days and 140 comments per day on average since last 7 days also your comments have gotten a total of 1206 upvotes in last 7 days .
based on the above data here 's what i think about you
go touch some grass instead of spending 25 hours out of 24 hours on reddit !
if you have any suggestion contact the creator https reddit.com/u/deadshot_035 of this bot
i could n't agree with you more ! ! !
all have been a ton of fun and created wonderful and hilarious moments .
it 's easily one of my favourite newer series !
if you 're gon na run garchomp over seismitoad on a rain team and seismitoad is a near-mandatory pick on most rains so i do n't recommend it drop fire blast in favor of either rocks run spikes on ferrothorn in this case stone edge or aqua tail as a lando lure .
similarly drop heat wave of torn-t in favor of weather ball taunt or knock .
you could even go all the way and run hurricane weather ball and either focus blast or knock off alongside nasty plot and replace one of scald or hurricane on pelipper with defog .
i 'm also not entirely sure what magnezone does for this team that is n't done better by koko offensive zapdos or the uncommon offensive regieleki .
offensive zapdos gives your team a ton of nice defensive utility and hits extremely hard with both its amazing stabs and its rain-boosted weather ball while offensive regieleki is actually a very powerful mon if you can run mons that can lure in grounds like lando-t i conveniently mentioned this above .
rain typically does n't struggle very much with corviknight since they have a lot of ways to overwhelm the shit out of it long-term .
barraskewda 2hkos it and outspeeds corviknight before it 2hkos with brave bird or body press after rocks .
this is just one of those inherent problems with rain teams full-blown rain teams have like two slots to work with since pelipper barraskewda ferrothorn and seismitoad are so necessary .
some assshat in az is running on the ban all contraceptives because i 'm a married and sexless catholic '' .
in case you still need another i 'd love to to control you .
my partners have always been happy with the effort !
i was being humorous because tony looks very very tan here .
i only know about busuu which lets natives grade your pronounciation but it is paid
you might feel that way but that 's not the official us stance .
no matter how much you cry about it that wo n't change either .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justiceserved if you have any questions or concerns .
because it is so tasty and they want every last delicious drop for themselves .
if nobody says anything no one can be charged with anything .
unless of course they have evidence that 100 points at you .
look at this hotshot bragging that he got complemented 6 years ago
but seriously though i 'm proud of you for keeping on going a quick look at your profile shows that you 've been depressed for a very long time and the fact that you have n't ended your misery is something you should be proud of .
especially if it 's only because you do n't want to do it simply for the people around you that shows that you 're more than a decent human being .
keep your head up king and keep doing what you 're doing
lost forever//lost together by architects hikari by oceans ate alaska and the fire itself by phinehas .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/thickthighs r/pornhole r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/tiktokporno r/camslut4u r/onlyfansgirlsgw r/milf101 r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/webcamshows r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothiss if you have any questions or concerns .
because in addition to taxes you have to withhold cpp and ei .
did you know theres a movie called the floating brothel about her ?
also a womens correctional facility named after her too .
if the player was white an fan was black this would never been an issue .
people would blame player for going against a teenager .
the people listing out the empty threats of getting perma-ed are the people who have never rmt-ed in their life .
if they did they would know that the risk is close to 0 .
if you 're interested check out pasta negro it 's an italian type of pasta that uses olives might be something you 'd like
it was definitely delicious but i was only able to enjoy it after i spent a few hours cleaning the mess it made lol .
well i 'm never doing mcdonald 's again with it my god .
never had an issue with the sushi place kfc or apache it 's always feckin mcdonald 's !
only resetting phone and not the first try but 2nd or 3rd helped me .
you just posted to r/onlyfansbusty less than 24 hours ago !
we want to give everyone a chance to post and be seen so we limit everyone to one post every 24 hours that is exactly 24 hours nothing less .
this means 24 hours from your last post to your next post .
deleted posts or posts removed by the mods for rule violations still count against your 24 hours .
please be sure to read our rules they are the same for each sub in our network .
the rules and our subreddit list can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/wiki/index
if this is your first offense this comment is your warning .
if you break this rule again today tomorrow two weeks from now two months from now you will receive a temporary ban .
if you break this rule repeatedly you may receive a permanent ban .
please keep track of your posts do n't just assume the bot will take care of removing them or warning you . ''
check your post history sometimes reddit will glitch and post something twice .
the reddit app is buggy and the bot can not tell a glitch from a deliberate rule violation .
you can contact the mod team via modmail and we will remediate the issue .
please see the comment at the bottom of this warning for your last post and when you can post again .
i 'm a meat eater and i really like the beyond burger .
i 'd have it over a lot of the cheaper meat burgers happily .
i do n't think the flavour or texture are that far away from beef .
i am much the same musing on how things could have gone .
one of my own intervening moments is throwing the sword of oponn chance between sha'ik and tavore hoping to stop her sword swing is one of my moments i think about .
bet he was reported already but the reporter received the feedback that no cheating has been found 😄
please avoid using profanities to make a point or emphasis .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/israelpalestine if you have any questions or concerns .
needed something to cover up the uv unwrapped cubes inside lol
big scam mate the css home page design is wack too .
that electric torque is appealing when you 're towing a 8000lb horse trailer .
i 'll be testing it out on friday i guess i 'll have 2 spoonfuls before each meal as a starting dosage .
then i always feel guilty when i learn something she has n't told me
are you sure you are looking at the right spear ?
i knew that already tbh about how it 's mislabeled and it 's all for marketing but does n't take away from the genetics of the plant itself i was just wondering if anyone else deals with this cuz it sucks sometimes tbh
app idea simple mirror app using the front camera but extremely rarely like once every few hours of use on average make a quick change it could be a slight smile eyes blinking or looking directly at the camera instead of at the screen below head tilting a little bit sideways etc .
using the best ai technology available at the time .
it would only be visible for a fraction of a second then back to normal .
do n't mention this feature anywhere in the app or in the description just act like it 's a normal mirror app .
a few people will notice but no one will be able to reliably replicate it since it 's completely random and it 's so rare that most users wo n't ever see it and those that do see it will start to doubt their own eyes/memory .
that 's why you should never give up any rights and continuously fight tirany even on things like border crossing lockdowns etc
i feel like reno and other explorers just dont conform to buckets/passives or have very shit ones
dude that is less than the number of hair that i lose when i touch my head .
i used to have 2 inches of thick hair balls .
although i am not sure how i did n't go bald .
nevertheless now i have cut it short overall enjoyed the covid hair for 2 years now going normal
legal tender does n't mean its the unit of account .
in el salvador you can pay through the bitcoin ln but the products are denominated in .
when bitcoin is legal tender at most places '' the price will be stable enough to become the global unit of account .
might be a boundary to not cross for sake of friendship .
part of the reason for the foot fetish thing is that basically the nerves that go to your feet are also the ones attached to your genitals so there 's some amount of overlap .
meh they are air force not army or marines so no strip of dive bars and strip clubs .
it is not as popular as destin or panama city beach which is a good thing in my opinion .
the pier goes out about a 1/4 mile in the gulf and there are fantastic scuba diving to be found .
it 's how many circles the numbers have in them .
i 'd like to make a joke about a serious disease but you should go to a doctor man .
in the u.k. if you paid £1 for a snickers you 'd feel robbed .
generally they are 60-80p or 4 for £1-2 depending on the store .
remember this is a time one 's opionion and ignorant baseless bs is real .
i know enough i could probably be a rather well to do charlatan .
lol and know enough to work at starting some business as a legit practitioner .
did you try the episode on sticking to habits and achieving goals ?
it 's of course more general but i guess the underlying methods are the same .
yes that 's true but that does n't mean that i 'm going to enter a relationship with them .
if i found out they cheated i would 100 refuse to enter a relationship with them .
kaido high diff is the only right answer maybe extreme if you think rayleigh is that strong i 'm not sure what the low/mid diff guys are smoking .
the man was on the same playing field as roger nobody is mid diffing him at that level .
i live at a town at the swiss border which was under siege by the swedes several times back then 😉 .
until today the biggest celebration of the year in this town is the victory over the swedes spoiler they did not manage to conquer it 😁
please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/acvalhalla/about/wiki/rules and our faq https www.reddit.com/r/acvalhalla/about/wiki/index/faq .
please report this post if it violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/acvalhalla if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess you learned the hard way that you ca n't have someone on the back burner .
maybe with a good amount of genuine apologies and time you might be able to set things right but that mistake is one that will always be there .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justiceserved if you have any questions or concerns .
the first was raptor then came raptors after that raptor³ .
elden ring has been a fantastic game for me and i 'm so happy it 's helped you so much dude !
taj mahal for worship because the iconic 16th-century mughal monument one of the most recognisable buildings on the planet was originally a shiv temple called tejo mahalaya
give it to bjp it cell for coming up with this .
if they can get into bollywood we could see good fictional stuff .
even if you were to see them inside they would likely be searching for food to take back to an outside nest .
if you do happen have rotting wood somewhere in your home you could end up with a colony there but in that case you would probably see a lot of ants inside .
tariffs are import taxes applied to businesses not people .
the costs are passed to consumers but this is n't a tax on consumers it 's a tax on business .
it 's like you did n't even read my response
out of the 1.9 trillion tax cuts only 300 billion went to corporations .
you should n't just make stuff up especially when it 's easily disproven .
i myself got quite a large tax cut from the tcja as did many others .
also the use of the corporate tax cuts is entirely irrelevant to the conversation
these motherfuckers are gon na give us false hope are n't they
not unless they 're just going to dump him into an open pit .
that 's just something else man 😭 should 've asked him to join 😳
the one thing to keep in mind is that you will want to buy some accesories for the quest to make it more comfortable .
a better strap and facial cover an external battery and if you 're like me and wear glasses get some prescription inserts .
for wireless pcvr you 'll need a good 5ghz router that 's in the same room you play in .
you 'll get compression artifacts no matter what but since it 's your first vr experience you might not notice that since you have nothing to compare to .
the audio quality and fov are much better on the index .
i would say mini twist they can help when you feel like you do n't want to do anything with your hair .
i would say definitely get a good trim wash deep condition with heat or steam wash then just mini twist your hair with a good cream and then leave it alone for a couple weeks to a month and half and then repeat .
you can wear wigs over the twist if you so choose and lightly mist your hair once a week and oil your scalp if that does n't cause irritation .
just take transfers from there some of the myc went to plate as it was bouncing around in there .
just be careful with the new plate and youll be golden
it was just a joke that 's not even a real ip
it 's refreshing in a world where everyone gets rabid over next to nothing and feels the need to reply to everything that offends them with aggressive confrontational tough-guy verbiage from behind the safety of they 're keyboard or smartphone .
i just go out letting it roll off me like a duck because i 'm 100 positive not one of these people would say any of it to my face if they face to face with me .
he 's a massive hypocrite who claims to stand for traditional family values while also sexually harassing a bunch of women dressing in woman 's lingerie and and naked humping a friends face while condemning everything remotely gay that anyone else does bringing guns to airports calling zelensky a thug urging folks to threaten representatives who did n't want to overthrow the election etc .
even trump is almost done with him especially after he accused the gop of offering him coke and orgies .
ay broskie you do n't got a dick so you ca n't do no fap but you are certainly welcome .
we proudly welcome you on all our journeys to get rid of porn from our lives .
lol are u using the troll '' excuse after being proved wrong with every post you make ?
in those situations people click and they just know somehow it 's a magical experience .
it 's pretty clear that 's not the experience he 's having so far .
if people keep buying it they will keep increasing prices until people stop .
if everyone stopped buying for a week you can be sure prices would go down .
hey at least you did n't elect the son of a dictator who stole billions of his country 's money back in the 70 's .
and you 're contributing to the problem if you continue watching her .
if people like her are rewarded with views more ppl like her will crop up .
on amazon there are other brands that are selling so-called nugget ice makers what 's weird is that with different brand names the products look just the same the only difference is the color .
perhaps those different brands import the goods from the same manufacturer ?
i 'm happy for every patient i help and the feeling is great but feelings do n't pay my bills .
at the end of the day pts are exploited and seen as ancillary by most insurance companies .
no matter how thankful my patients are it does n't matter if working conditions and salary are shit .
i 'm happy to help a patient but then when i have to sit and write endless notes on my own time because insurance companies are literal evil then i realize that no matter how much i help none of it actually matters for my own livelihood .
all these feel good stories yeah they are great but they do n't mean much when i 'm working 50 hours a week due to unrealistic productivity demands and documentation that gets more tedious by the year .
and on top of all that most of us are drowning in student loan debt .
i 'm happy for this patient she 's tough and her pt cares .
but i 'm sure he ai n't taking insurance .
i 'm sure she 's got money and paying out of pocket for this .
i doubt any clinic that gives this much 1:1 attention can afford to take insurance .
not everyone has the time money and energy to be a hero .
not all of us privileged to have a good financial start in life .
some of us are just trying to make ends meet .
new accounts are not allowed to post in r/bonermaterial .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to submit here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose account age limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bonermaterial if you have any questions or concerns .
yup tatum finally started to use his glamour muscles in the 4th to get some tough finishes instead of kicking it out for someone to clank for three .
honest question what did ja twit and what 's going on about the broken code ?
many deaf folks have asl as a first language and english as a second .
just because they can read english does n't mean they have standard fluency .
especially since so much of it is automated now it 's really quite bad a lot of the time .
a proper asl interpreters is leagues ahead of some managed off-time captions .
grizz are digging down on every drive we got ta punish that
i have a really small chest currently so it would probably be enough i 'd imagine .
sometimes i just double up shirts and i 'm fine i just do n't like the way that feels either lol .
first time i 've ever seen them play dorian live !
kendi akıl sağlıpın ve hayat kınforun için söylüyorum bırak o oyunu
look into the effect of duration in bond funds with respect to changes in interest rate .
in general though as long as you will hold the fund past the average duration within the fund you should be fine .
y'all been tellin ' jokes that 's gon ' stress me out
soon as i walk in i 'm like let 's be out ''
i want all the rain i want all the pain
i want all the smoke i want all the blame
last night my boyfriend and i were sitting in his car talking for at least an hour before he made a move to kiss me .
that kiss led to us making out before he scooted my seat back and told me to lean it all the way back and for me scoot up on the seat .
it was so damn good i actually came twice .
afterwards we were making out again while he was grabbing my boobs .
he started to get more rough which turned me on so bad .
i was moaning super loud when he started fingering me .
then i sucked his dick and swallowed his cum .
yea but his rockets do land safely on their return from space now
hey you guys milked the 08 title for what 12 years ?
we 're cool with 2020 for another couple years at least .
they change but if this slows down the garbage that most nfts are then good but i am sad for those people .
everything i post in res gets downvoted it 's always the same clique of users .
i think i can do this ... results in like a kind of rumbling sound in my ear .
due to i 'm using an atx psu sidemount with a printed bracket there is no space to mount my gpu horizontally and with vertical gpu setup i 'm limited to low profile coolers .
well i mean every guy would love to get release daily .
if it effects his mood it is him using it to persuade you which is me being a social worker and not saying manipulate you .
i mean if it effects his mood then that is his fault .
he can either masturbate or handle it like a fucking man and not make it your problem .
hi bestie just gave you a comment can please can i have one now upvote the comment
you 're missing the utility of btc as a store of value imo .
no you 're contradicting yourself/trying to play both sides against the middle .
a store of value '' is not a stand-alone feature it 's a collection of features .
gold has worked for millennia as a store of value for reasons related to its features though i 'm pretty sure you picked it because you intended to imply it 's arbitrary rather than based on any real features .
conversely beanie babies have not shown utility as a long-term store of value .
my business cards could be used as a store of value too but they have n't been either .
either etherium is better than bitcoin or it is n't .
if it 's better then bitcoin should go away .
if it is n't they should just keep trading in parallel .
the idea that bitcoin is a store of value while lacking any features that make it a good store of value is a sure recipe for it going the way of beanie babies .
and the fact that etherium has n't separated itself from bitcoin means that people do n't believe and/or just are n't buying it because they believe it 's different/better .
they 're buying it for the same reason yay crypto ! ''
btc does not need to be currency to be useful ... over a decade into this thing y'all got ta drop btc as currency it 's a deflationary store of value .
maybe you should google store of value '' and see what comes up as examples .
then google bitcoin '' and see what it 's two-word description is .
this is all part of the schizophrenia that is crypto-currency .
you want it to be a bunch of different things except when you do n't because it 's bad at it .
it still provides utility as that you can get a loan off your btc for example .
being able to use it as collateral for a loan is not a feature of it as a technology currency or long-term store of value .
people will give loans based on anything they think currently has value .
notsomuch today or for the past 6 months though ?
the idea is classic asset bubble stuff make it get more rare over time thus pumping the price due to supply and demand .
i 'm not a maxi but you 're gon na regret disrespecting the king .
i took up 3d printing so it 's not that bad but it 's still pretty bad .
you may want to update the flair for feedback exchange later
i 'm really beginning to doubt the accuracy of those air bud movies
i do n't think that 's bad not the most mature thing but relatable .
we all have varying fluctuations in our moods and mindsets it 's normal and part of growth .
at least you 're only picking on the assholes .
i dropped mine on a tile floor the day after i bought it .
applecare covered it and i got a new one for 69 .
without applecare you 'll be spending the full purchase price .
i would strongly encourage you to get applecare on your new watch .
you 'll see it everywhere and for different reasons .
either they are trying to help or poking fun .
i see your greace and raise you my monarchist germany
thanks all is there a ps5 version comming out ?
oh yeah i remember cracking my head with a similar problem .
but now i know it 's just the circles or sticks or whatever .
spacktory on top can solo infinite fbads with sell and rebuy abillity
idk if i should explore stocks too or not lol .
i do n't have a big capital so i do n't really see the reason .
for cryptos it has always been three things for me btc eth stablecoins .
the point is that last one is not doing now lol .
it has always been like this for me tho .
east i 've got 1 win in diamond tier so not exactly sure how many that leaves
bask in his pungent flaxen secretions and your day shall be well .
how can someone come up with a name like this in 2021 ?
no she 's nuts and clearly fucking others and not wanting to fuck you but weirdly okay with you watching find someone else
sometimes the feelings are overwhelming and the only thing helping is speed and acceleration just do everyone a favor and do n't drive faster than ur guardian angel .
with 88m leading the partial election results plus anti-terror law nakakatakot na talaga ang gobyernong ito
nice setup so far if you 're already into mana spamming you should keep it up a lil while longer and go for like 3k ice runes to spare for higher tier spawners and the second legendary .
i wish i did that in one go because rn i see myself forced to be grinding like 3,5k ice runes before doing anything else .
you know what to do you have ll the signals i learned a few that i did n't respond to .
well it is bad news for putin because he do n't want it he do n't like that he want his neighbours to be part of the russia .
but yes this is not bad news for russia nato is not bad for russia .
have you seen that old flight simulator 2000 ad where the guy literally says it would be cool to crash into the empire state building ?
just look at the stuttering support they have eventually given to ukraine .
they still have hungary holding out and effectively supporting russia for example .
na i do n't know how it be bc i 'm black 😂 that 's white folks shit tryna blackfish for the internet
paladin fits the healer and defender niches that are sometimes overlooked and one party member fills both .
also aura of protection and flavorful subclasses outside of watcher 's oath .
red tail rasbora did really well in my tanks for a long time .
serpae qnd black phantoms are pretty much always in my tanks because my mum loves them qnd does n't own any tanks so she buys them and puts them in mine.. but also buenos aires were amazing .
i just has to move them on as they 're very boisterous and dominant .
would probably only keep them as the only shoaling fish with my angels and reed fish these days .
i think you can adapt your water more than you think and hardier fish will be forgiving of 'ideal ' parameters .
as long as good clean water and regular maintenance happens you can always adjust pr change things to suit your needs .
wait if being a jock is problematic then like 90 of my favorite wlw ships are ruined and i do n't think i can handle this
last year 's heart scan showed i 'm in perfect health .
i 'm using bars to get through the heroin detox
have you ever thought about taking care of your body working out ?
please be advised to add watermark to your media and post verification if you 're unverified for the security of your post .
post or comment that use hateful abusive and/or disrespectful language
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phcasualhookups if you have any questions or concerns .
they are when your reasoning can apply to both .
but anything applies here easier to sell your car below asking stop bitching for more money easy to quit your job and go homeless quit bitching about work etc etc etc it would never end
to be fair i did n't even notice your typo either
it was the base one i did n't dare fight it anymore .
but now after having been done with the other from games i shall return to kill that burning puppy .
if they do n't want her to get an abortion help raise the baby .
this is a tough call because on the one hand it 's teenage stupidity but on the other it 's easily preventable teenage stupidity .
i understand that there are cases similar to this particularly in small highly religious towns .
however if that 's the case then there probably is n't even an abortion clinic in town .
this is one of the few times i 'd say going to get an abortion is the right decision and not letting her parents know she 's knocked up .
i 'm willing to accept that abortions should n't be a crime but i do n't like the fact that it 's used as birth control by adult women that live on their own because they do n't want a kid .
i would have to agree with the 6-week bill that was passed in texas .
the reason for that is at about 7-8 weeks the fetus starts reacting to stimuli so you could make an argument that it 's now a living being .
obvious exception past 6 weeks is rape and did n't know you were pregnant or there 's a risk to the mother 's health .
i honestly thought the movie had coined the phrase and the general idea not the premise of a virginal woman survivor just the naming of it until i found the book by carol clover after .
if this is a deal breaker for you then you never actually liked your gf .
10 says this guy finds a broke girl who 's really hot and then he does n't mind he 's paying for everything .
i think many people fail to realize that some stories have two sides and op could be trying to frame it in their favor .
i 've also played around with this sort of config .
i 'm really interested in those mofo bass sounds though .
i 've never managed to get anything as gnarly and amazing as that .
have you managed to do that via stock synths or are you using serum or samples ?
i 'll check out your bc page for sure .
'semi permanent ' implies she 'll recover but not fully so temporary is n't exactly true either
i 've briefly played it and pulled really good units
however what is lacking the most is the ui exploration design and graphics seem very cheap
the char designs/artwork are great but it does n't help that its in chibi form and in battle there 's no real animation or true art very cheap
the ui design is fairly simple to understand but not very pleasing to look at
overall i do n't see the game lasting very long term unless they keep with substantial updates and overhauls in the future which are rare in a fairly niche gacha market for games
bad alberts is good for karaoke and heavy pours that 's about it .
yeah you have to do some cutting and do n't mess up
i do n't follow tritypes tho introduces more confusion for me than needed read it introduces too much fun without bothering to aim for a result ... ...
anyway i 've burned out my introspective energies i am outta here xd ty for the opinion about the sx ...
i thought you 'd actually say it 's off all the way people always go on about penetrative hot energies '' ... this is kinda lacking in that language lol ... d
so configure and upgrade marlin if you have a bootloader you can use cura or an sd card .
pay special attention to the bed leveling section in the configuration.h and make sure restore or relevel after print is on .
never ever ever ever use a marlin config from anyone on the internet even if a seller recommends it .
if you think you will be fine '' then i raise you the plentyfull github pages with configs so bad they can destroy your printer .
i even have one recommended by reprap with a massively wrong z limit .
so atleast verify and sanity check everything and compile it yourself .
lmao 0 brain cells were used in the making of this dish .
dude you got ta give her the i could n't have done it without you '' lol
regardless stack cash and prepare to diligently make moves when conditions are better .
good thing hardenny 's is used to getting locked up 🔐 this time of year
or on the power play or 5 on 5 apparently
she was kept in comfort with many attending unlike the unlucky people in her damned hospices .
someone who does n't want to f ' you up every chance they get .
no go find an employer who actually cares about you .
just to let y'all know this is the after school mail i get for football 😔
maybe cornpop will give us a stimmy so can afford kneepads
my pb is 6800 and played a guy using rg gs with a top 2000 finish today
it 's the way you 're going on you top fan boy 😂 it 's not really it 's average numbers if you 've got a semi decent sound and you 're posting on linkuptv like he used to .
bro this track was what made him blow he reinvented his image and obviously put doe down on marketing everyone knows him on tik tok cause he marketed this track on tik tok you dumb kid .
your submission has been removed because it is missing a gender tag .
please delete this post then resubmit it with one of the following tags in the title
cd for crossdressing couples both participants must be verified !
ff for female-female couples both participants must be verified !
mm for male-male couples both participants must be verified !
mf for hetero couples both participants must be verified !
nb for non-binary couples both participants must be verified !
tt for trans couples both participants must be verified !
qq for queer couples both participants must be verified !
be sure to include the square brackets around your tag !
if there 's a combination not listed that you would like added just message us and we 'll hook it up .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonemild if you have any questions or concerns .
under different circumstances not holding a large package to protect myself from the blow i would 've been left with no other choice .
thankfully the package provided me an opportunity to protect myself from serious injury .
we just won a series against the brewers who were tied for the best record in the nl .
tonight 's game has sucked but it 's just 1 of 162 .
his poor child named luna going to be hated by many lunatics
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
you can take as many cans as you can carry in your ass .
if he asks you about work you do n't answer .
he 's going to call you ungrateful dramatic whatever .
you ca n't make him empathize and magically understand but you can draw that boundary and enforce it .
yeah i 'm still on the fence about going with a staggered setup .
i do n't really race like that to be worth it imo .
i may change my mind or get a second set of rears afterwords .
myth is cool and all but more suited for pvp .
so i can get baked without having to cough ?
i could just connect 2 tubes to my arms nice .
can you please point out the part where i said it was better to stay under the tsar 's rule ?
and just to clarify i 'm talking about eastern europe they were the ones invaded oppressed and massacred by the many soviet/communist regimes .
i know russians are fucked up by putin propaganda and a lot of them want to go back to soviet times
i too feel oppressed by verticalism as an orientation .
i identify as and am proud to be a horizontal american .
i want to be able to walk bus/train and bike everywhere and i want those trips to be pleasant .
i 'm just lucky that those things have benefits for other people too .
honey i have never once had any sort of chemical burn and it 's very common procedure .
you make a fair point about the silicone quality and i do n't use insertable toys but lelo has treated me well and i 've never had any issues from my toys or cleaning methods .
youd have a very valuable jar which you would then mail to mein fuhrer klaus schwab youll own nothing and be happy .
go read the documentary history of the church by bh roberts one of the general authorities .
look at the journal of discourses that has talks by general authorities in the 1800s .
read about mountain meadows massacre even the relatively recent one by the church .
there is a reason for the blood stained goggles .
you then talk about how she is not those things .
i 'm a bit confused but it sounds like you want to like her more than you should .
if you 've get any hobbies start focusing on them !
and you 're only 16 so do n't worry about one friendship you 'll meet hundreds of people and you 'll know the right people/person when you find them .
she sounds like a nasty person but i know it 's hard to escape if you 're in school together .
all i would say it start focussing your attention elsewhere instead of on her .
goku had no mastery over his oozaru form in any capacity and still unlocked ssj4 because of pan .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the last 7 days so this post has been removed .
we only allow one post per 7 day period to give everyone a chance to have their cock rated .
this time period still applies regardless of if you 've deleted previous posts .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fratemycock .
omg i 'm embarrassed to admit this too ! !
she 's the only one doing any ke press .
and you still have n't explained why if sandra has all this power as an executive producer why did n't she demand a solo episode too or have jodie fired since she was so jealous as you 've been accusing her of being .
i made a decision to not buy any expensive/rare auction house cars .
at some point these cars will make a return .
i sold 3 rare cars for 60m total got all of them back within 1 month nsx r gt crx mugen and a black hoonicorn .
still have some rare cars for sale like zerouno ferrari dino and lemans racecar .
i thought the refs were getting paid per penalty ?
the only problem might be calling it false '' color .
but it 's an essential scientific tool for visualizing images and that 's what people need to understand .
damn i honestly feel for embiid dude 's playing his heart out but obviously ca n't play how he needs to to win the rest of that team ca n't win without him .
scanning beacons only helps you locating the next map .
considering that most players tend to push on squads instead of planning out maps you will see defensive players less often .
with that said if you 're squad up with players to regularly play with and one of them uses a defensive/trap legend then i strongly recommend using a legend that can scan beacons .
that way as a team you guys can head to green circle and have the trap legend start setting up boo 's .
my personal fav combo to run with are caustic rev 's and myself as a valk .
that way defense is set up traps are done and get the hell out of dodge is taken care of .
someone needs to sit you down and tell you you 're a fucking moron .
i hope someone shames you for not wanting to date someone you 're not attracted to .
still complaining about a foul even tho the ball hit your face .
teams are still trying to figure this season and their cars out .
do n't be fooled to think that ferrari would be able to carry this on for 3 years .
i do believe that an inflation adjusted pay increase is in the works .
amazon and another employers will have no option but to increase wages due to the crazy hyperinflation that is occurring throughout the economy .
this will occur when the amount of workers willing to do the job drop turnover rate increases .
i mean i think it 's up to the couple to decide how important those anniversaries are to them .
also if one finds those days to be incredibly special i 'd think it would be a bit insensitive for the other to brush it off just because they think it 's no big deal .
but if both do n't really care that 's fine honestly .
you can tell it 's a bee because of the shavings .
on my bed on my birthday which is the day before july fourth so there was fireworks in the background .
bend you over so i can spread em and drag my tongue from you clit to your ass hole .
true but you also ca n't throw away an mvp caliber season .
so many stars never win so i empathize with him trying
of all the body parts he could have been ...
for as well as tiktok knows me it has yet to match me with the right booktok recommendations .
i 'll get two or three in on what looks like a promising rec list video and then they post one of my i will never take another recommendation from you ever again books .
your post has been removed because you are not verified on this subreddit .
please verify your account by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/nudesfeed/comments/fnca5x/how_to_become_a_verified_member thank you 3
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudesfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
please read the subs rules and check out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/medical/wiki/index as it goes more in depth about different topics as well as other informative advice/resources .
if they 're any comments under this post that violate rule 3 community safety please report them .
remember to stay on topic and not make jokes towards the op or each other .
reminder if you think what you 're experiencing is an emergency then get off reddit and call 911 or go to your local hospital ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical if you have any questions or concerns .
i have marked this listing as a price drop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
windows defender ... is that the app that asks me weather or not i want to open my roms ?
i was running artificial intelligence teams real estate projects construction projects an internet company with a child a baby and my wife and i though i was going to lose my mind .
after some dramatically warnings like developing ulcers and sleeplessness etc i went away on a silent retreat at a clarity center in complete silence for a full week .
no therapists no complicated rituals just silence with no activity and no responsibilities .
it took three days to get my mind back and by day four i felt better than i had in decades .
it was n't a vacation there were no distractions no volleyball no tv no phone no radio nothing .
it allowed me to dump years of stress and misaligned priorities .
i came back and went into my pursuits which were the same but i was different .
highly highly recommend for a smart inquisitive and insightful person like yourself .
loving the ticker tape effect for this breaking news story .
thank you u/mwynyamcwota for posting your submission has been successfully posted in r/gothgirlsgw !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gothgirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
one seat that was stolen from a democratic president .
they 'll do whatever they have to to maintain minority rule .
i am 100 certain that if the gop retakes the senate and the presidency they will eliminate the filibuster on day 1 .
casco it sounds amazing and is nice to look at
how are you gon na give brunson a shooting foul from behind the backboard ?
there is no way he was taking a shot there .
i dont know context but if i was losing a war and had the ability to hire mercenaries ...
only problem is there are n't actual mercenaries its another gang .
but didnt flappy act as mercenaries for jordan against bsk .
but then again obviously jordan is n't in a gang and needed protection .
it is soft but rather be softer then lose honestly .
i hate it as an opponent but i respect it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cglpersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
tsla cultist fan boys will follow to your sleep .
i think i 'm greysexual but i 'm not 100 sure yet .
would tell kids how to think critically how cults will try to manipulate them psychologically and how to stay protected .
i heard even critical thinkers can be groomed unless they are aware of the strategies cults will try to use on them .
if we do this we can be rid of horrible society-wide cults like qanon that have gotten people to believe absolutely bonkers insane shit radicalized them together and impelled them to attempt a coup to destroy american society on january 6th .
we could stop society-wide terroristic degeneracy from infecting people kill it at the root .
we are pro-choice pro-lgbtqia pro-science proudly feminist and believe that black lives matter .
wear your masks wash your hands and be excellent to each other .
anti-choice activists intactivists anti-vaxxers homophobes transphobes racists sexists etc .
if you 'd like to join a private sub for your due date month click here https www.reddit.com/r/pregnant/comments/tu8bmk/click_here_to_request_access_to_your_private_due .
after receiving a tip propublica started investigating prenatal genetic testing .
they 're collecting stories from people who 've had nipt screenings and/or work in maternal health .
if this is you please fill out their brief questionnaire !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pregnant if you have any questions or concerns .
totally agree but econoreem kinda shattered his intimidating persona at least for me it did .
also econoreem is a fucking hilarious and accurate nickname 🤣
i 'm having a lot of success with both whis units and grn goku black lf ssj3 lf beerus and lf vegeta zenkai to buff black to the max .
i swapped out the red whis for yel gohan and i think it 's working better so that 's another option
okay so i used to be a runner and i always went out hard and tried to hold on for 8-10km so definitely reversing that will be hard but i 'll work on that .
thank you so much that 's great advice i appreciate that !
a 1/4 stick of dynamite down the hole should do it .
there 's no magical np level that 's perfect for looping .
it 's just that the 33 damage boost from np1 to np2 is the largest boost any 1 np level gives .
so for convenience sake everyone says you should get np2 minimum for looping .
this holds true for pretty much every looper out there .
if it makes you feel any better np1 should be enough to farm traditional lv90 nodes with a black grail .
onestly as someone who 's played jp for the past 2 years i can tell you that it 's actually not that ideal to brute force a single looper to farm a 90 node .
you 'll always need to press a ton of skills and possibly even use plug .
it 's simply more efficient to use some combination of 2 dps units aoe+aoe aoe+st to farm 90 nodes .
videos like naya 's showing that spishtar can singlehandedly farm some 90 nodes does n't mean you should .
why should divvy ebikes be limited to what an inexperienced rider can handle ?
if it 's a system for transport and not just a novelty presumably people are going to use it regularly and not be inexperienced for long .
if your friend was able to recognize they could n't handle riding at 20 and slowed down why do you assume other inexperienced riders wo n't be able to do the same thing ?
umm he got what he wanted and now he 's done .
i have already done everything i wanted to do in this life .
i would probably watch tv or be on the internet .
fucking white fly over state cunts should just fuck off and die
i think the energy that a new coach brings to a team that is on the cusp of their success cycle following a period of rebuilding is hard to replicate with an incumbent .
i think voss 's style and approach is uniquely suited to the situation that carlton is in right now .
i think teague would and hopefully will be a successful senior coach and i do feel he was done a little dirty but i do n't think the carlton we see now would be the same carlton under him this year because of the continuous history .
draft x powerball where once per year a dozen new randos from across the country get picked to be gms in a round robin fantasy draft with real and immediate consequences
your son committed a crime and should be punished .
it sucks that stepbrother other parent can afford to get him a car but that does not mean you son is entitled to it or for you to get him a car if it is not in your budget .
his actions are what caused him to lose the money and he is lucky that is all he is getting .
if your stepson pressed charges he could face much worse .
he needs to learn that he can not get things just because other people have it .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=milo_rourke .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
just look at them when ur in the tower they look huge in your leg now just compare their in-game size to the size they would be on your leg in real life
wow very cool you 've got an aptitude for history and the sciences and math .
i think you raise an interesting point about history being straight facts '' .
to me the inevitable lesson about history '' is it 's defined by who records it who is creating the narrative and who is propagating its message .
for example in english history we 've long admired people such as winston churchill and other heroes of the british empire .
many of whom we now recognize as white supremacists .
but it 's not until 2022 that such narratives are being challenged and the statues of slave owners are being taken down by young people in britain 's cities .
i did not get the nyc lyric untill this very moment shit
would have been a nice break from all the women feigning attraction to me just to get free homework help ...
that is so crisp and clean i have n't painted any infinity models yet and i 'm so intimidated by the superb technique i see people use on them .
not just for aoe clearing but to handle dodgy input reading enemies like alecto .
especially if they die because they arrogantly ignore warnings about general anesthesia !
he just had to doubt himself for a second to ask how dangerous his mistake was .
come to islam you will fibd peace you wo n't find it here
that fat discrimination is definitely a thing but some large people just use it as an excuse to be an asshole .
i 'm a guy with friends of both genders .
i do n't understand this question why would n't you just be friends with them
the gap between 5 and 6 was my favorite because i got engaged during that .
yeah but even without this consideration magnus would be the highest rated player anywhere eventually by virtue of being the best at chess .
apparently after a search it seems that food poisoning symptoms can mimic an allergic reaction .
salad type dishes are cooked in such a way that you turn off the heat to toss in fresh veggies and herbs perhaps the fresh ingredients just were n't thoroughly washed or the meat went bad just a guess .
i 'd be so grateful as the parent if you disciplined my kid for doing something they should n't be and for lying about it .
my kid is young and my siblings have helped me discipline her when i have n't been around if she 's done something she should n't have .
it takes a village to raise a child and you 're part of your brother 's village .
thank you for being unafraid to step in this will help long-term .
aaa thank you i think my first instinct would be to put my hands down so i will try not too !
i 'm not even so upset about the leaving part in my situation .
but the cheating literally put a spear through my chest .
i can understand why someone would not want to be with me 🙃 but not how someone could do this to me .
i just wish he would play them and game over ! !
i am really tired of the hfers and ca n't wait to see them in orange jumpsuits ! !
my view is from my experience as a patient talking to my friends/family as a patient and some friends who are medical doctors and their pov .
my comment is primarily on the primary care that are typically family doctor or internal medicine .
i do agree with you there 's a complexity to it but in general most likely 7 out of 10 patients can see a np/pa just fine so i think it 'll be more cost savings to patients if they see an np first and if the np ca n't figure it out then the md then the md can send it to a specialist .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
tell them that you 'll only do it for 900 for one day every two weeks but you 'll still need to be paid 900 a week even on weeks you 're not working .
mine is when people say that is how it looks/sounds/tastes/etc .
no it 's either that is how it looks '' or that is what it looks like '' now ... how it looks like ''
and human hands were not supposed to construct such horrors as the atom bomb .
i thought it was kinda funny after tarasenko 's second goal to make it 4-2 maybe it was his first ?
the pa played a certain rage against the machine song .
now i think they probably meant it to be inspiring because it 's the matrix song '' but the name of the song is literally wake up . ''
my first impression was that it was either a dig at the team or the fans or both .
its usually that one guy who talks to all the women and based on the responses he gets the guys stay shy their whole lives .
and plus getting and giving attention is all done online now .
i did also notice silver springtails on the surface !
not really sure why but something about it i guess just puts a bit more pressure on my heart region ... . ?
i do n't forget to breathe when i 'm on my side though so there 's that .
when you are in a room with 8 people that want to kill you you 're gon na die .
there is nothing you can do to stop it .
but if you are an intelligent survivor and joel is you can anticipate it .
there is no reason he should put his gun away no reason he should shit in the middle of the room no reason why he should use his real name .
bill from the first game said that he fears humans more than infected because even if the infected are as bad as they are they are predictable unlike humans.and joel of all people should understand that .
the point i was trying to make is that it is inconsistent that only ellie is consumed by the hate of vengeance and abby is not .
evil or villanous characters can be very interesting and you ca n't really root for them since they 're evil .
look at tywin lannister and cersei lannister asoiaf or porfiry petrovich and arkady ivanovich svigadrilov crime and punishment .
however i do not feel like your reasoning fits the characters of tlou2 because as i have already said they 're not villains they 're flawed heroes .
and you 're supposed to root for heroes flawed or not .
lol cant say im mad at it gon na be an entertaining few shifts now theyre leaning into the changs literature probably the best thing they could do tbh .
the comments is something i would definitely see in r/cursecomments
i would say the whole shot or the whole scene .
the twitter account jewwhohasitall is the perfect answer to this question .
yeah i 've also accepting that na rin and also the fact na people clearly could be easily blinded by fake news and misinformation .
his streams were pretty decent prior to today in regards to general note taking and paying attention to the story and forming the right questions .
today however he was acting like an ass and lashing out on chat insisting that console players were trying to take plugins away from him when people were telling him every stream since he got dalamud that plugins were tos .
i am in the military and i had to drive from california back home on emergency leave .
i mean hating white people as a joke lmao seems i reached the wrong set of people
if any of those are out of wack they can kill a snail .
additionally is this tank a used one or was is ever treated for disease or planaria ?
copper and a couple other medications can linger in tanks even after water changes and kill snails or other invertebrates long after
walmart is cutting out all 3rd party service vendors and hiring like 800 internal and external associates to fulfill those roles in house .
work 45 hours a week so 5 hours over time guaranteed .
get a company provided work van expense credit card .
and all you got ta do is close out work orders aka snake toilets change light bulbs patch holes in walls install new sliding security cages etc .
you get one season time limit to empty your ladder shared stash .
i get it that 's why i 'm saying he can always come back to it .
you realize you do n't have to burn bridges right ?
it 's a show that is n't confined to one setting genre concept etc .
so you did n't say anything on fb ... big forking deal .
so long as you did n't ignore her acknowledged the day what she 's done etc etc a facebook post does n't matter .
and yes you should be concerned by the fact she 's making a big ass deal over you not singing her praises on a social media account you barely use .
as a leftist it is always satisfying to see infighting on the right for a change .
it 's a defensive move it 's very opaque .
the count could see that with his bad eye .
but there will not be any mercy for you slut
incorrect on so many levels and none of this has anything to do with the investment ''
for some reason i remembered screenshots automatically getting uploaded to my profile when i would take screenshots in non-vr games .
dolly will personally escort you out of the park .
it 's an easy way to meet her but a hard way out of the park .
do you believe the mass of court cases they choose reflects this ?
all i can think of is the weird smith college case and there 's pretty good reasons to think that was an outlier and the aclu jumped too quick before they knew all the details there .
but by and large it 's straightforward civil liberties cases .
i 'd suggest tackle crusader/revival golem/xeno guitar warrior but you 'd want to run foolish for that which conflicts with sekka 's light .
right my brother was a hvac man it was more profitable to replace parts than to repair .
there 's still 13bil of existing ust liabilities which are held by crypto participants retail investors hedge funds protocols etc .
it still has n't fully sunk in that at least 10bil of it is gone for good .
when that realisation hits i 'd expect the markets to have another leg down as funds liquidate existing assets to cover their own liabilities retail going even more risk off after losing their stablecoin '' savings or just quitting in disgust etc etc .
the third wave would be the regulatory pushback from this a couple of months later .
yellen herself is watching this which means the highest levels of the us government is aware of the ponzi collapsing .
when my son was 20 months or so he pronounced smock '' as fuck '' so we have video of him pulling on his smock and saying fuck off !
group behind me fought and argued with the 50/50 lotto girl weird vague trash talk i think and then left before the start of the 3rd .
been there before and fans were great this time was really strange
actually with var in the game flopping is basically inconsequential and it does n't happen every game
somehow discord ended up being the way i got into most of my wlw relationships .
what are they going to do honk at the hydro company ?
so i 'd repopulate the planet in less than a calendar week gotcha .
i was low-key glad we did n't make it to the finals because i doubt her vocals would 've been much better a second time ...
as a eula main i ca n't describe how often i 've hated mining with her .
her being too tall makes it easy to miss rocks .
that 's awesome you get to share the love !
i 'm getting more purple i was hoping for more pink we must have diff phenos almost no leaf in my buds .
i was told the people in teaming schedules are n't losing any hours but the ones who are n't are
and please can i also ask for you to not appropriate of my liberties of providing reasons ?
that kills my freedom as a human being and it 's sad
for real it can spread and become a bone infection osteomyelitis if you 're not careful !
wondering if this would make any other parts of the body 2 taller .
guess you could snap it and use the broken pieces to stab someone but if it 's still intact you 'd have to be pretty strong to deal damage
just unbend them and you have a very flimsy metal stabby string .
going to need to hold it very close to the tip to keep it straight on impact but it wo n't be a deep stab wound .
to counter this you should repurpose it into barbed wire and focus on making several small stab wounds with it
either way the actual design of a coat hanger is ineffective for combat but taken apart it has some uses
you do it 's called equity and the bank does not own everything ... until the final payment . ''
when you get the mortgage you own the house .
but the loan is secured with the house as collateral which means that if you default the house is used to satisfy the loan .
that 's how a secured loan works and why the bank is willing to give you hundreds of thousands of dollars .
you get to keep any proceeds during foreclosure though or you can sell and move to a cheaper home and keep the proceeds because it 's your house .
go look at your home title your name is on it .
there 's just a note attached to the title permitting the bank to be first in line to get their money if you become insolvent .
thats why i wanted it to be legendary so it could be distinguished and be a bigger expansion than base because her base skin and design is pretty solid .
not sure they 'll cut the lei attacking mids 6-7m is about right given their potential has been hit by injury .
a couple of defenders might drop though and vardy might retire ?
i do n't think it was the shield formation 's fault it was facing a different type of enemy it was n't prepared for .
its like using a rpg to shoot down an airplane .
xianxia 's formation are likely used tried and tested against expected opponents .
the only thing stasis related i find annoying is renewable grasps which got nerfed into the ground and was nowhere near on the level of invis spam
walker has been sooo good for me as a cb
yeah i feel like it 's kind of weird to have something like this in a place where i 'd expect a doctor 's note to be a requirement for insurance .
like maybe in the us it is but i have n't had to ask for a doctor 's note in awhile .
so yeah i guess it depends on the insurance provider .
bokte pa ja znam pouzdano da bi nam specijalne postrojbe da se testiraju ovaj tren svi pola bi ih izletilo .
loži se travica najviše pa ostalo sve speed i kokica .
pričao mi prijatelj koji je bio na dočasničkoj obuci i temeljnoj da su za vrijeme obuke ložili travicu .
to download the video you can use one of the following sites
link to trim the video https reddloader.com/download-post ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/indiandankmemes/comments/un4c9w/multiverse_is_real id=aafd4548
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiandankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
he also uses his head and shoulders when bashing doors
you last sentence hit the nail on the head .
nah yours is the size of a worker gen 3
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justiceserved if you have any questions or concerns .
apparently in italy you can rent a car and drive it if you 're the appropriate age but unless you 're 25-years-old or over they wo n't let you drive automatic !
so be prepared to drive stick if you 're renting and you do n't meet the age requirement .
even if it had been released it would have dropped post event most likely .
it had such a fast ramp up to the event it was unstable .
when there 's big news like that people buy buy buy .
and then when the news is not earth shattering which it never is then the people that bought into the news early take their profit .
leaving the people that bought in at the news point to carry the can .
it 's a 250 reminder in his portfolio to stay clear of shitcoins .
i have this exact deck built using sevinne and it 's one of my favorite decks to play .
i 've adjusted it multiple times to match my playgroup but https tappedout.net/mtg-decks/the-hurtreflector was the original inspiration for my build .
last time i looked at that deck it lacked focus for my liking but they did a great job explaining what the deck can do in their comments .
like i did for my f2p fully kitted pardofelis .
i think it does as i have bought a lip ring which said it was 1.2x 10mm .
but i was n't sure if this one was alright because it did n't specifically say it was for a lip piercing .
hey u/esgallofl this image was posted already on our subreddit by the u/forward_jackfruit_27 http reddit.com/user/forward_jackfruit_27 and no one likes reposts
you are welcome here but we kindly ask you to make and effort and post new fresh images on our subreddit .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong about this post and it 's not the same image reply to this message and a moderator will check it .
or you can send a message to the moderator team telling politely it 's been a mistake .
iran is iran not persia and most kurds here embrace it even more than persians they have defended iran for thousands of years fix your shity country before interfering in other countries issues
e^2022 1 e^2021 1 can be approximated to e^2022 e^2021 e
it 's very simple just find another forum of site.that 's what 's anarcho capitalism is all about .
but saying you 're coming to la is like saying you 're going to the bottom half of california .
where in la are you going to be and when ?
frank and sons is a big deal for collectible for .
all the top mice are close enough that you should choose the one to use based on it 's shape and not because it weights 3.6 grams lighter or has an extra 8000 dpi .
i mean i get he turned into a pussy but like did he lose all consciousness and awareness of the world in the end ?
the tank and apv numbers have been high the last two days
you 'll probably like the ike selen vn if it ever comes out .
but i said the same last night when it was at .80
as i agree they should of had term limits but why now that they do n't fit the narrative you believe in you think they should not term limits .
you do n't get to change the rules because you 're not winning
baltic states were richer pre 1940 than after soviet annexation .
i think he only ranked them according to how happy/unhappy they look
normal ppl mad at snitches regardless even if u not the one they snitchin on .
u know that dawg dont play like u dont .
u here collectin updoots from white people '' just to snitch on two dudes who done nothin wrong
cork had improved but there are n't nearly the amount of volume or variety of restaurants or volume compared to dublin .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
i went through a few formulas but i found this one that i like
the only thing i 've noticed is that it favours players who play well into the 40s more then those who had more success but in a shorter career
post the links to the chris benoit '' comments or shut the fuck up already cringelord .
you break into my house threaten my family and life ...
i believe i should have the right to fuck that person up in anyway i see fit .
ps you should really put that red key in a safe place .
verification with us is mandatory if you wish to post your own content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
the explosion in the imperial '' rhydonium plant ... . ! p
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i wonder if doctors get kickbacks for prescribing meds just like this ? ?
there 's got ta be a reason why these drugs are first-line drugs for pain patients .
keep riding me do n't let me pull out and i give you multiple creampies 😈 and i wo n't tell my girlfriend abou it 😉
so first of all have you actually dm 'd this or is this just a theory ?
a huge dome that protects the party is great up until the enemies also have time to prepare surround the dome cover it with flammable liquid heavy rocks etc .
secondly the description says to see the phb for examples of what you can create .
if you have concerns you are well within your rights to enforce this to your players they can still summon stuff like carts and such .
but i do n't think you need to personally which i 'll explain in a second ... ..
third while summoning weapons and armor is neat it 's still forcing the bard to use their features and spell slots to do something the martials should have already so it 's really not that big of a deal .
fourth for stuff like poison and black powder you 're certainly within your rights to require them to have alchemist 's proficiency and in fact i personally would encourage it .
i would also give more leeway to what they can create for wooden stone metal etc .
fifth dispel magic i know it 's not raw but i believe it should work rai
but all that to say part of the fun of the subclass is the creativity do n't try to look for ways to directly nerf it before the player even has a chance to try it .
just be sure to be clear that you will enforce the prewritten limitations has to have support when summoned is clearly magical emits soft music etc .
beyond that whenever the bard summons something that seems super op get creative yourself !
what 's the absolute worst thing that could happen to them because of this ?
great now they 've either split the party or given the enemy time to prepare for them to emerge .
great now everyone in the area is dead the whole area is uninhabitable they 've started a nuclear arms race and also the gods have sent an inevitable to 'deal ' with them .
that link is to a private facebook group so we ca n't see the post without joining .
rest well and good luck in your healing journey 🙂
they recently announced that taskmaster quebec is coming out in the fall so that 's presumably what happened to the canadian rights .
i 'm sure i wo n't have heard of a single person involved and it 'll definitely stretch my french immersion french to the limit but it 'll be interesting to check out .
it was a joke because she obviously stole it and lied to strange .
bringing a new meaning to your music taste is crap '' !
i only casually follow it at this point i do n't actually watch anything .
be sure to stop by our discord https discord.gg/cantek9zey .
if you 're underage your post will be removed .
if you 're really young and looking for a daddy bye bye .
if you 're an of seller only and just here looking for money we 'll remove that too .
we 're building a community not a shopping mall .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bimarriedmen if you have any questions or concerns .
according to pew research 58 of west virginians think abortion should be illegal in all or most cases while 35 think it should be legal in all or most cases .
i thought it was just because i 'm fair skinned ...
most runs are n't perfect and maybe someone can comment why your plant is crisping up .
but at far as the plants maturity ... . she 's not done .
florida 's the state where they find it perfectly acceptable for men with ccw 's to end pregnant librarians willy nilly it does n't seem so much like the state is against abortion as in how it 's done
nice work you 're pretty good at this for someone who has n't spent much time at a gym .
i wear mine that way because the buttons and winding crown tend to poke at the back of my hand if i wear it 'regularly ' .
i know a lot of ex-mil people got into the habit due to supposedly being able to see the time more readily when carrying a rifle .
it 's just more comfortable for me on the underside of my wrist .
watch ksi tryna call this fake we all know this happened
r/onlyfansasstastic is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
hulk vs is a series of movies that 's also good .
there are two ultimate avengers movie that are really good .
young avengers movie it 's cool if you 're in legacy characters .
there 's a series called avengers assemble it 's i think 3 or 4th ?
season focus on secret war but you have to watch from first season it can get boring sometimes but overall it 's good enough .
hulk where the monsters dwell you will only like it if you like the hulk the artstyle is bland and the story can get boring .
ultimate spider-man x-men evolution avengers emh hulk and the agents of smash 90s shows everyone loves .
phines and ferb with avengers a movie i really liked as a kid .
i 'm 6'8 '' with a 38 '' inseam .
previously drive a 2000 corolla no sunroof then an outback no sunroof .
now i drive a 2021 forester sport with sunroof and fit comfortably .
depending on the sites i 'm wearing i 'll move the seat for and aft tilt up or down .
about 1-2 '' of head clearance and the windshield sight line is one of the best out there .
for the rest of the list i tried on about 30 cars prior to settling on the forester .
i tried posting this a few months ago but did n't have enough karma then .
murano about the same as the rdx without a sunroof .
redesigned in 2019 better comfort and tech than previous versions .
leg room is similar to current outback but not terrible
subaru ascent more headroom than outback less than forester has a thigh extension .
new are backordered 1 year but the fit on these is similar to that of the subaru ascent
comfortable seat leg room is fine sight is okay .
2021 best fit and sight line very comfortable seat leg room amazing even with sun roof
tried 2015 and for was okay similar to tundra .
just a little better than murano for sight but leg room not quite as good .
legroom is fine not great head room with sunroof not good
it 's same as accord with leg and head room .
is actually pretty good but only used as a 2 seater .
seat is all the way down sight is okay .
hyundai 2021 elantra gt good for 6'9 '' gt is hatchback .
leg room is okay not great sight is okay head room with out sunroof is okay .
head room is similar to others leg room is same .
leg room not as good santa fe head room fine without sunroof .
leg room not so good worse than higher trim level .
pretty good for legroom sight is good without sunroof .
sight with sunroof not as good as atlas but still good .
leg room is comfortable headroom without sunroof is good .
this was one of the most comfortable cars besides the ford f 150 .
leg room is fine sight line is not great about the same as accord head room not great
with sun roof no go leg room is same as encore sight line as good as encore
leg room is same as envision head room is a little better with sun roof not terrible sight line a little better than encore .
sun roof was awesome no head room with the sun roof leg room was great .
joe biden well i tell you what if you have a problem figuring out whether you 're for me or trump then you ai n't black . ''
i think this has a lot to do with why we got elder scrolls online and for that matter fallout 76 .
when you wait 4 5 6 years to release your sequel you run the risk of your players having moved on to a different game .
but 15 years means your player base has moved on to a different life stage .
these online games at least keep the ip in the zeitgeist .
it 's such a fun story with lots of good fan theories and discussion .
be careful around here until you 're done the series spoilers galore .
everyone here is really careful tho just keep an eye out for the tags .
this is some next level sensible batting by a guy in his debut season .
she 's old and anxious and we love her so much !
the money should go to improving infrastructure which would better the economy for everyone .
thats not the point they lag badly then you go to their profile and you can tell why then its obvious they are using vpn .
it depends very much on what type of game it is .
if it 's a linear story it 's still important to take the gameplay into consideration so the story beats seem like the consequence of the player 's efforts .
the chapters may vary in length considerably depending on how well the player does and the chapter breaks should take that into consideration .
see if there 's gamescripts available to read online i 'm sure oyu can find some useful stuff on gamedeveloper.com https gamedeveloper.com
if the story is branching i suggest you check out how cyoa books are designed .
the classic lone wolf series is available online by kind permission of the author the site includes flowcharts of how the chapters are mapped out .
wow so heart breaking but makes so much sense .
i can not believe i have been so blind .
8 1/2 months old so a typical teenager 🙄 lol
try being homeless for a week and you will see what i mean .
my father told me to have at least one yearly income as a financial backup .
bro i do n't even have a monthly income as a financial backup .
this was supposed to be a feature in a new video game but it was actually a full length video game released in 2017 !
make a new submission with just the plain text as the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/valkyrae if you have any questions or concerns .
what is this fantasy land and where can i find it ?
do n't make me eat a tomato in front of you boy !
no matter how you shake and dance the last few drops go in your pants .
wb-a behind an iw or if that basically gives him the full flank
yup exactly how i 'd prefer to use someone like him too .
perhaps because i 'm already partial to wb-a if tactics in general but it just seems like it would be fantastic for him with a good if .
my hh 's know i use google lens to look stuff up all the time
extra cosmetics would be cool more building upgrades that maybe are for your bunker only once you 've completed your entire shelter things like that .
currently there is nothing for us to do once we complete our shelter .
nothing for us to work for which of course is fine if they do n't want to add an end game but at that point they should just say so .
finland and sweden shelve their nato bid but retain mutual defender pact with us and uk
russia moves back to pre attack areas and gives up crimea back to ukraine .
yes it 's giving up something for ukraine but you stop the bloodshed for now .
china us and germany guarantee sovereignty and defence pact for ukraine .
leave the bulk of sanctions as is for now with a staged reduction in sanctions that benefit the wider russian public and not the leaders .
this would be a 5 year phase in on good behaviour .
it 's likely that russian federation falls apart anyway over the next 5 years on its own .
this action needs to culminate in giving democrats a filibuster proof majority to finally make abortion legal federally .
oh okay i see thank you for that clarification .
oh except for that one period of unprecedented success created by fdr
sadly he has enough people believing his lies that they will throw money at his cheap products to support him .
plus faux news is still airing his commercials so he still has outlets to grift from
i 'm so sorry you 've had to go through this .
neither aethelwold or aethelred ever actually became kings in the show tho
your feet are so beautiful i bet they could hypnotise any man 🥰
i always wonder what bob dylan is doing now .
how does one distinguish mt rainier from mt random on s small logo .
the other way op could have worded it would be is anyone getting baked in their apartments this week ? ''
see how the first thing you see when his arms pop out on the other side is his left elbow .
i chalk it up to trying to subconsciously hit a baseball but pretty much he 's jamming himself in by throwing his hands at the ball .
try and stick that butt out and exaggerate the duck position .
keep arms out and try to not bring those arms in close to your body
you 'd have to do an impossible moral calculus comparing all the factors of increased death and suffering that lockdowns and other measures latently cause or contribute to as you would for covid itself .
i mean this sounds like you 're conceding the point i made and then moving on to unrelated stuff ? ?
the guy just asked a question about epidemiological theory .
there is good reason to believe that lockdowns will prevent deaths from a novel disease if those lockdowns reduce community spread until an effective vaccine becomes available .
he did n't ask about secondary or tertiary effects so i did n't mention any .
and as you point out they would be extremely difficult to quantify without totalitarian state levels of personal data on citizens .
nothing if you own the game it 's a free update
he freaked out before knowing it was going to blow up though .
the difference is he was working with tortuga just days before .
also some drug dealers thugs accidentally dying of a stupid cause is far from the cartel placing the severed head of someone you know on a turtle .
the severed head is gruesome and it 's to send a message .
hank realizes in this moment that back at home he sees people shot all the time but these cartel guys are using violence as a message .
they 're showing him and his coworkers that they 're not afraid to cut off a motherfuckers head .
much different when it 's literally a detached head and it 's a message to you rather than two dead guys you 've never seen before .
for whatever reason canada does n't allow newer european cars .
i understand that he may have done too much for her but that 's a pretty silly reason for a divorce .
it 's like not hiring someone because they are overqualified if the person needs the job and can do it let them ... to make it worse she tries to ask him for divorce papers and then sleeps with him granted he agreed her being the smart person she is should have realized what she is doing is fucked up .
shes supposed to be this ultra-intelligent know-it-all but she does stupid stuff in the show constantly .
you have henry winkler and his wife whom is a bear .
i mean i get you are saying him being a lab means he is loyal but that does n't really change much .
species are essentially like categories of race in the show because interspecies breeding is possible .
not entirely a one-sided but mr.pb 's acts of gifting and throwing parties is not the same as making a big deal of something that is not her business which was affecting bojack mr.pb and wanda .
when mr.pb caught her in the restaurant he was nice enough to go along with it and pretend he did n't know it was her .
she is a know-it-all that does n't know what she wants until she meets guy pretty much. mr.pb and bojack were not enough for her and honestly it is disturbing .
makes me wonder why it took her until her mid-40s to take them .
she 'd have been a much more likable character if she took them sooner .
yeah but you could say hull e and a few systems .
can easily do good dps on it especially in aoe fights with acid spray .
i always pull good numbers single target too during vet-dlc hm dungeons .
survivability is great with blood magic from crystal arrow and crit surge .
and if you 'd ever switch to pvp you can play a super strong character too as bowsorc will be the best class next patch for pvp .
one of the reasons i hate driving the interstate roads .
i 'm sure there is mutual respect between them but likely from afar .
do n't worry he 'll figure out a way to beat them all all while making himself look good .
if goal difference is your fetish then you 'll enjoy next season in the championship .
best pubs for this are either st. patricks or saint martin 's
how far out of the way you got to go to swing by and drop that off .
i 'm in kansas city ... man our dsp expects you to drive professionally and they pay us professionally .
depending on my role for the day i 'm making between 20-22.50 an hour with a paid hour break .
you start making it a habit of bringing things back here we 'll tell you to go to another dsp and give you a decent reference .
every dsp at my station falls over themselves trying to get our washout or transfers .
for all you know that dog was just let out for 5 minutes to piss and the kid who lives there is waiting for his birthday present or something he saved up for .
imagine keeping your dogs inside all day just because the fragile amazon driver might be scared ?
if the dog is a dick i 'll just place it on the grass by the driveway .
it got delivered the homeowner has to hike to get package and will probably be more vigilant .
please do n't be a fucking retard like the majority of this sub .
if you are doing 25-40 stops an hour being a decent human being takes no time at all .
oh wait who am i kidding ... people want to be paid professionally here but do n't want to perform their job professionally so why should amazon care ?
especially since i know for a fact amazon management looks at this sub .
they have no reason to treat us better when they read the shit here .
what makes it praiseworthy if someone is cheesing the boss ?
yeah vancouver had some of the best one-word punk rock stage names ever
being a clever fellow who had a long journalism career at the vancouver sun he copyrighted his stage name .
when idiot la metal band '' buckcherry failed to do a complete copyright lookup '' on their band name ... after they had signed a major-label contract oopsie .
the label had to cough up major money to buck up in british columbia .
i 've noticed this before and my theory is that to bigots lesbians are seen as the more appealing '' lgbtq folks partly because lesbians hot !
but also because they 're attracted to women which makes them sexually closer to straight men and given straight men are the default '' that makes lesbians more acceptable than gay men .
i think a studio looking to increase lgbt representation is going to be more likely to want to increase female representation as well .
a gay male lead with a partner is two male characters interacting as the main portion of the game .
most likely a male villain too because men attacking women is usually not a brilliant look .
life is strange 2 has the option to be gay too just like lis1 though lis1 is more explicit about canonically max being gay .
haven added in recently a m/m and an f/f pairing
i know that honey and fish scales are sometimes used as binding agents in some watercolours so i suspect similar products could be used in inks too
characters are better than others but to be able to see that difference you have to get up to the pro level .
please remember to read the rules and report rule breaking posts
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ferrari if you have any questions or concerns .
i should 've prefaced my reply a bit but it has been a long time since i watched that scene and i never read the og novel uro wrote so i have no clue if there is additional context for what artoria was thinking but my own interpretation was something along that line when watching/thinking back on it .
artoria being opposed for the sake of their duel is in my eyes another additional piece to her character showing how she can be selfish once in a while .
a trait iskandar criticises her for at the einzbern castle banquet in his king speech .
if you 're going to peak from the same area do n't be so slow to peak it .
what i mean is the physical speed of peaking .
that phoenix saw you wayyyyy before you even had a chance to see him because you 're hard scoped on a place he is n't at and he just sees your shoulder slowly popping out .
you should try this with a friend to better understand corner geometry .
have a set up very similar to this and record both perspectives and play them side by side .
take note of when who sees who and what the other person sees when that person sees them .
also change the speed of peaking and more importantly change the distance you are from the corner you 're peaking .
it 's very interesting how that specific variable changes how the whole situation should be approached .
there are two main 'rotating ' banners the event one blue/special flares and the normal one gold normal flares .
pity is carried over between banners of the same type so most people will pull until they get guaranteed 5 on the banner within first 10 pulls and save for the next one .
they also have at times some special banners limited banners collabs etc use the special flares while the class banners ie detonator converters etc use gold flares .
these banners do n't share pity so it 's best to keep your resources when you want to go deep .
anniversary is coming in what one month or so and it will feature a likely limited unit so you might want to start saving your early game resources !
they have a list of all addresses that do n't have a license and use a third party to harrass people who live at those addresses !
once you realise they ca n't gain entry to properties and you can ignore their letters you can avoid this fee .
call up one of your friends and let them know how you 're feeling and that your ex would have never behaved this .
do it so your current one is in earshot of that conversation .
finish the call with mentioning how your ex always knew what to say to make you feel better .
wait for his reaction or better yet wait for his mommy to call you
no he was n't working class he managed a large factory in the original show and had an awesome house
weekend 1+2 holder gon na be there like 2 hours before the start with a bottle of wine as i need to work .
anyone care holding me a spot or sharing a wine with me ?
here are the two i have made with steam workshop links
avengers biggest problem was n't anything that we 've seen in knights so far .
as someone who 's played a ton of avengers the game actively tries to make you play it in a way that does n't benefit it .
tons of loading screens to even just matchmake or load into missions really fun combo heavy combat that you ca n't even do because enemies get super armor and hit you through it glitches that make it hard to even play among a bevy of other things that just actively worked against the game itself .
so far knights seems to want you to play it .
unless the game is an absolutely buggy mess we should be fine really .
and around 5 million of those must be from me .
one of the comments that ..popped.. out at me was the one regarding graphics cards .
make sure pop os is not constantly using the nvidia discrete gpu at all times .
i was just under 4 months so i would n't worry .
just track your ovulation and periods and you 'll be on the right track .
upvoted your recent posts please return the favor thank you
i have the same case the solid part pops off there 's a dustcover mesh under there .
with cdr you ca n't get even 50 cdr let alone 67 cdr .
some people are just shit i find it especially shitty considering charity shops were n't able to take donations in for the longest time no idea why someone would think they 're entitled to someone else 's charity before anyone else .
have a quick google and see where your nearest clothes bank is that 's how i donate my old clobber now basically a bottle bank but for clothes .
if u wan na learn probably builteuw and viper there 's also rival on yt who does some reviews and alaysis vids .
some other great players are adrian he mainly focuses on fighting games now generalsniper taking a break from streaming and boxbox basically quit league and plays other stuff now .
edit for kr there 's theshy and azhy but they speak korean azhy sometimes speaks some english so it might not be the most productive option .
your best bet is to see a lawyer unfortunately this sub does n't allow legal discussions rule 5 and for good reason most of us are not qualified to give actionable legal advice and those that are are n't going to wade into a discussion like this with such little information only your side of the story .
from all the things i 've heard she 'll absorb his life essence and add the extra years to her life that he would have lived if he had been healthy
because once people see the price drop they will cash out .
if too many people cash out they will realize the whole thing has crap collateral and people will panic because the price is dropping fast .
one of my first challenges for battle pass is 25 kills with lmg .
i assume its the same for a bunch of people also
thank you for your input in the discussion but it has been quite like talking to a wall with the wall thinking it knows more about being a person than the person talking to it does .
i wore tight fitting tank tops with either a close fitting sweatshirt that i could pull up or a flannel shirt unbuttoned in the boob area .
i also wore a beanie on really cold nights and that helped a ton .
there is no definitive answer to this question as there is no concrete evidence to support any particular theory .
depends how far its got really but i think the issue is if you do n't dispute it as fraud then you 're accepting liability for the debt and therefore the credit report would be accurate to hold details of missed payments etc .
if it 's klarna or some sort of bnpl thing it may well not even be reported not until it gets further down the line and into full on debt collection mode anyway .
like most billion dollar businesses we see nowadays ... .their operations can be murky and complicated ... ..
just like cocacola and pepsi ... .you will find that most american companies are controlled by only a handfull of characters ... ..no doubt vanguard and blackrock are in there somewhere !
please try to make sure that your post is not reverse-searchable .
when you submit your post right click on your image and click search google for image '' chrome only .
if the search results give away the answer to your post consider deleting your post and submitting another image .
in order to confirm a guess and mark the post as solved please reply to the correct guess and mention gtcbot as such u/gtcbot solved !
please try to not cheat by reverse-searching the image on google yandex etc ...
if you can please provide your thought process for solving the puzzle .
with the exception of large events like weddings concerts political or celebrity type gathers i feel like close to nobody ever feels the need to hire a photographer for just about anything these days .
if building is profitable more people will start building .
if they tell me they relate to the big bang theory”— show .
nee je zou een keer grasboter van campina of bijvoorbeeld van kerrygold moeten proberen die is echt gewoon smeerbaar uit de koelkast en is gewoon boter 82 melkvet zonder toegevoegde vetten .
it reminds me of a good mix of norway iceland and the faroe islands
it 's all news articles and ads for me .
the google results for a new tab being blank or a home page say that plug-ins are required .
that 's too big a step towards fuck you '' for me .
ca n't believe he made that outfit himself his brain is so big
so you want me to judge yourself u/omomomomomoomomomo alright !
imma judge you based on your comment activity in the past 7 days
hmm ... you 've posted a total of 151 comments in last 7 days and 21 comments per day on average since last 7 days also your comments have gotten a total of 358 upvotes in last 7 days .
based on the above data here 's what i think about you
! tu nalla/nalli hai but abhi bhi time hai tere paas sambhal jaa !
if you have any suggestion contact the creator https reddit.com/u/deadshot_035 of this bot
sorry you do n't have enough karma to post in this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mouthwideopen if you have any questions or concerns .
the only reason i can think of is that each province has a minimum number of mps but you can just make the proportionality according to the provincial vote rather than the national .
i 'm tired of dating apps and seriously need to find some like minded people .
most of those are likely gang-related homicides that the police do n't care to solve because they just label it gang-related and move on
a large amount are also likely victims that society is unfortunately less likely to care about such as a black prostitute or a homeless drug addict
it does n't mean that you have a 40 chance or anywhere near that of getting away with normal i 'm gon na go kill my wife/neighbor/friend murder
i think i would genuinely cry if i hear all of it .
i lived alot of my younger years being anxious of how people viewed me .
thus i was very quiet and kept to myself .
nowadays i 've become very outgoing doing things i 've never done before living my dreams .
i would say throughout my life i 've never hated or made enemies with anyone sure there was the occasional annoyance but i never went out of my way to be mean to them .
if i went down those stairs i would predict that i hear things like hes so boring '' hes too quiet '' hes weird '' but as i move further i would hear all the compliments i 've gotten behind my back .
to me complimenting someone when their not around is the highest form of flattery one could ever give .
and hearing all of it would probably make me burst in to tears of joy .
pffft man this is clown shoes behavior and i know you know that .
permission to go to pakistan so china can say look .
millions of women feel that america is aiming to fuck up our lives in unimaginable ways .
their new onmyoji figure looks gorgeous even though i know nothing about the source material
i met him years ago at the shelbourne hotel .
very impressive coming out of the lift he was .
the scale will eventually reflect it after some time .
good luck i know it can be v frustrating as i was in your shoes when i started lifting too .
i 've made peace with the scale and now i just focus on hypertrophy until a year before i start my cut .
i am from spain i know the people in this video .
you can even see that they have the soviet flag !
leaving medical care up to doctors what a crazy idea .
productivity increases enable wage growth above inflation all things being equal .
you still have n't explained how wages matching inflation increases purchasing power or has a multiplier effect .
yoo that makes sense like crimson dude is always horny.. dont know about the other dudes just started reading light novel
i think i 'll wait for bofuri season 2 but i 'll check out the other ones thanks !
the assets display issue should be restored already due to the sharp increase in traffic and many people submitting questions at the same time the customer service may be delayed please be patient and wait for a response from the support team .
also do you have any resources on identifying a good posture ?
the thing you said about bob movies only applies to svp maybe
we 've gotten to that stage in society where its sex robots or its nothing .
guys your money is n't gone it was redistributed to the highest bidder
it always seemed to me that the safest way to make money with music is to start making gear .
you need a lot of technical knowledge but at the end and depending what music you make you probably have some idea of software/hardware that has n't been made and would help musicians like you .
source is job listings on linkedin but it 's practically confirmed .
so that was supposedly what bend studio was going to be supporting after days gone flopped then naughty dog decided to take over the remake themselves .
bend was then allowed to work on new ip .
tlou remake tlou 2 remastered for ps5/pc factions multiplayer with a battle royale mode are all in the works likely to coincide with the hbo show .
and the main naughty dog team has possibly moved on to another uncharted game .
all this info is based on linkedin leaks and the interviews with bend founders who left the studio .
i 'm not gon na go hunting for links so do n't ask .
but you should be able to search it up .
i 'm glad you like it but i 'm more thirsty for a girl like you .
i want so badly to give you many creampies and then after lots of sex we could just hug and cuddle .
quit your bullshit my guy sinhala struggle is of an ethno-linguistic one atheistic dravidians nationalists pull the same shit in tn
they used to have tyranid war veterans with neat models .
i think her ‘fame ' or of followers has gone to her head at this point .
i ca n't imagine talking that way and it 's so opposite the ‘beautiful ' life she puts out there of course that does n't mean class also .
i 've enjoyed her content but lately some of it has n't sat right the ego coming forth a lot .
they are perfect 🥰 the pierced nipples are amazing and so 🔥
si on additionne les scores de mélenchon jadot roussel et hidalgo à la présidentielle ça fait 30,6 .
pour les autres partis on retrouve quasiment les résultats de leur candidat à la présidentielle à part pour lr qui fait bien mieux que pécresse .
since yj is canon adjacent to gltas there 's a chance sinestro is still a member of the green corp at this time alongside soranik .
as for the kaizer-thrall my guess is mister miracle .
i was so haunted by the fact that it was alive i missed the part where they specified it was a human child .
the only possible lv6s for the deck would be zekegreymon and shoutmon dx .
we´ ll possbily get one next xros wars-focused set as this one focused on the first arc of xw mostly and both zeke and dx came later in the story .
1 they waited for the parliament to reach quorum before going to the session and voting against .
jumblat was the one who made it reach quorum .
because if paula and the kateib and others care to join they would have been successful in breaking their majority
2 how would it help the average achrafiyeh resident ?
they actually rose in popularity in the area so maybe its not such a strong argument
do n't need to be smart to see what a shitshow it would be if only the president was overthrown and berri and co still in their place .
i still think voting for aoun was the right thing to do .
at the time all christians even neutrals welcomed this as they were asking for this for years to pose a counterweight to the shia duo
try 6 years a franjiyeh now and tell me geagea was wrong .
if aoun naturalized 500 syrians sleiman will naturalize 50 thousand .
agree voting against beirut madinati was shortsighted but he wanted to revive his alliance with hariri .
if i was from beirut i would vote for them even now .
big fan of prif bank occasional crystal imp agility option gauntlet to break monotony crystal tree to check on and spirit tree to tele to farm guild for hespori .
too many cheesy jokes even more so than your average marvel movie .
ultron was n't scary he just kept making lame jokes the entire time .
just as one example as an avid steam controller user i was well aware that the steam controller basically got more significant and useful functionality updates in software than any other gaming hw accessory i ever bought .
maybe execute the plan different from the last time s .
i think you should have stopped at 'i kinda like you ' and waited for her respose
my town is popular for great barrier reef and heaps of waterfalls .
there has been a few deaths from falling of a cliff for a good selfie !
are we still talking about the cairns that hippies make where they carefully balance small rocks ?
or are you talking about the historic ones that are just large rock mounds
i would n't insists on taking my partner somewhere i know he will hate .
we can spend time together later in a way we both enjoy .
i know one entire person who goes by bella .
and the only belle '' i know is annabel .
what even is a rehearsal dinner 😂 why would you need to rehears eating ?
and would n't it take away the excitement of the real wedding ?
i was so stressed out by the thought of a bachelorette party that i did n't have one 😂 no need to be the center of attention like that in public .
listen to molchat doma on nighttime walks when the kids are in bed .
women make the choice to have unprotected vaginal sex in a vast majority of abortion cases .
that is a conscious decision to offer your body to someone else knowing that there is the risk of pregnancy .
the moment you get pregnant you now have another body to worry about .
regretting your decisions after the fact does not justify murder .
dang trying to answer your question i learned that the kodiak bear at taronga zoo died
largest bears in australia are probably the polar bears at seaworld on the gold coast .
i mostly agree with this but liverpool is also owned by an american as is ac milan proving that teams can still win trophies will owned by american owners .
i think the loss of the moneybags approach from roman can be offset with a smarter transfer strategy with some long term upside from investment in the club stadium etc .
the new owners should like at arsenal and liverpool both and realize that there 's a payoff available via investing smartly in the club .
i am having trouble figuring out how to use my scanner .
i tried going to the pancake mode playing on my beautiful curved monitor but man it does not hold a candle to what its like in vr .
stay calm and collected it 's a business deal do n't get emotional stay rational .
it 's a shitty boat to be in for sure i 'm honored every day to be able to say that i got out of it and can now try to motivate others to do the same !
no i 'm saying like i 'm scared i 'm going to like get discontinuation syndrome from just not taking the pill anymore because you ca n't really go any lower but i 'm just scared that i thought i might get discontinuation syndrome and that that 's really bad discontinuation syndrome is that that 's where like the permanent damage and all that stuff comes in because like no one like not even the doctors or any pharmacist recommends just randomly stopping any drugs especially 's so that 's why i 'm scared like i mean i 'm on the lowest drunk i have no choice to just stop taking it but i 'm scared i 'm gon na get discontinuation syndrome
yta and the resident of the complex threads are talking about when they talk about bad neighbors .
do n't forget those players need to be replaced though with players and their own salary .
it 's not like we 'll be saving every penny of those wages .
granted it certainly wo n't be as high as what those players leaving are on though .
right before the tokyo olympics at which one of their already named olympic team georgia villa was injured .
i have all the movies on disc cause im a crack head
looking at the image now it 's actually 2 individuals .
yeah here 's what happens these are men who think that women naturally look appealing to the gaze and just make good photos happen '' .
they really think women look such a certain way that all it takes is a snap of a camera and boom hot photos .
they have no idea the work that people put into posing angles lighting framing wardrobe and make up .
men like this are the type to believe that women are naturally hairless or have cartoonish femenine eyelashes .
a hempy bucket with only perlite and osmocote plus .
gif emote|free_emotes_pack|flushed you had me at lube and sorbet ...
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error please use the send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit .
do not delete this post yourself this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfansasstastic message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfansasstastic 2fcomments 2funvfcu 2fwould_you_make_me_your_little_slut 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
yeah that 's happened to me a handful of times the past two days .
hopefully the patch will fix it mentions multiplayer fixes .
feel free to wait until they take the stele by forming an einstein rosen bridge at the high altar in scotland .
your submission has been automagically removed because the title seems to be begging/pandering/overused/unoriginal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/facedownassup if you have any questions or concerns .
i would be as deep as possible so do n't you worry about pulling out .
you 're an idiot if you do n't want these two countries in nato .
they will immediately enhance the alliance with their advanced weapons systems .
we 're not talking about greece or even italy for that matter .
i 'm surprised there is n't a law preventing commercials from addicting things
honestly it never really made sense to me like solar-powered swords demons and breathing super goodly is all fine but the moment the breathing powers gives actual elemental powers ?
i do n't quite think this situation teaches that lesson .
you typically sign the offer letter before the background check .
however in op 's where there is something non-standard in their background/history it would be best to wait until after the background check is complete before submitting notice to their current employer .
nta you made a gigantic concession in not divorcing him after his lil ' indiscretion .
there is no way you should contort yourself any more in relation to his infidelity .
imagine sleeping with another woman 's mate and then making demands about her household .
your husband and this woman might deserve each other .
also actually includes part of sw mo and e oklahoma just over the borders from bella vista and siloam and the two counties to the east of benton and washington madison and carroll .
99 of the people who do that are going to eventually regret it .
i 'll do fine with my glock and a few extra clips
it seems like there 's something wrong with the water .
back in the bad ole days of fish keeping i had a betta who lived in a gallon bowl .
he lived for three or more years with proper maintenance in fact back then most of mine lived in large bowls .
a container that size should n't get cloudy that quickly with one fish in it .
i mean should n't the open world look good in its own right though ?
do we even know for sure that moon knight takes place in earth-616 ?
i do n't recall any references to other mcu events .
tawaret mentions the ancestral plane but that 's about it .
like you 're cheering on the government being able to crawl around your phone and forbid you from using filters such as california glow like wtf are these people thinking .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
the last one is beautiful feels like flashback from ace 's perspective under the moonlight just beautiful
is there a reason everyone always fixates on chicago ?
from what i pull up its not even in the top 10 when it comes to crime .
well i had enough fun with this one i 'll probably end up making another and doing some stuff differently and maybe a much darker take
are n't we all a hollowed out corpse at the end of the day though !
have n't cooked on it since i saw this .
have gotten into the habit of putting a light coat of grape seed oil on the pan on the stovetop until it smokes per instruction i saw on the smithey website .
whats to say they allow facebook messenger unencrypted and they allow an app that simply uses a password to encrypt a file or a some text but sends nothing ?
you use the app to encrypt your words and then give somebody the password in person and then send literally garbage back and forth in messenger .
so now we are really focused on reading everyones text about pizza on friday but pay no attention to the real culprits the epsteins of the world ?
the only other arrowverse character to get an entire episode dedicated to mourning them is maybe oliver and even then there was still more of a plot .
stein had a small funeral scene in coex and it was more emotionally impaftful imo than frost 's death .
to avoid spam/bots posts are not allowed from extremely new accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/buttcoin if you have any questions or concerns .
glad you posted this because i liked it more than i thought i would .
i still think the camera would n't have mattered much given the ending .
as far as the voice i think that was the devil intentionally doing a spooky voice to play with their heads .
the sheer volume of assets has tempted me more than once .
bro i was bored out of my mind until the eneru fight .
unfortunately i 've learned that very few people are actually reliable..pretty disappointing
i 'm not wearing any shoes is that a turn on ?
giannis is gon na go close out mode and leave it all out there .
i 'm expecting him to drop 50 and keep this one out of reach .
regardless of the bad modeling '' i still wholeheartedly think he is a robot in general .
some kid back when i was in 3rd grade was wearing his jacket around his waist while playing soccer during recess and he simply tripped and fell .
when my very small plane from across brazil hit a rough patch of turbulence and started going down
do you know what the turnaround is going to be like ?
like what 's the timeline of production to shelves ?
but china isnt denying them imperialist superprofits.. in fact china is in a symbiotic relationship with them .
the difference is usa is wasting all their profits on rubbish and wars while china is actually investing and saving it wisely hence china is better at capitalism than usa .
they rely too much on reserve currency for their leverage and hard power like sanctions while china is going for soft power .
usa making endless enemies and destroying shit while china making friends and building .
usa/west can destroy countries while china comes later and rebuilds it .
like africa middle east afghanistan syria iran pakistan even russia now .
china just has superior geopolitical strategy and game theory .
they are losing their own game due to their own ignorant and stupid geopolitical strategy .
what made them strong before has now turned into their biggest weakness since china found perfect way to exploit their strength and turned it into weakness .
vs rest of the world it is still strong .
so usa still can not change it because it still benefits them greatly and allows them to control everyone except china still .
this is also great for china since it let 's usa do china 's dirty work for them and keep everyone else down and push them to china .
just like russia usa will undoubtedly push india to china also if china can resolve the border issues .
even if they cant india may have no choice once usa inevitably sees them as a threat after they get closer to usas gdp .
but what about the other ways you can spec into flinch resistance on top of resilience ?
the same thing happened to me lead architect senior engineer and a jr. engineer all quit in three months and yes we 'll be in the hot seat for a while but like every says you 'll be given the opportunity to gain valuable skills quick .
i do n't think i 've ever had to add oil between changes on my 2010 .
i dont really find the naggy/superior trope that funny but she 's good looking
you would fall under decent people who trusted their partners and were let down .
i am so sorry this person treated you so unfairly .
the old story about the german guy actually wheeling his pay home from work in a wheelbarrow and getting robbed on the way home not for his pay but for his wheelbarrow since it was worth more ?
your comment is awaiting approval from a mod it will show up after approval .
to cut down on spam posts and comments from accounts under a certain age or with karma below a certain threshold are automatically filtered .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memphisgrizzlies if you have any questions or concerns .
it has beeen removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/brokenmilk12/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
pleast note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mademesmile if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've noticed it keeps me steady and my emotions regulated during the hellish onset of my period .
i take medication for my adhd but when pmdd sets in the meds just do n't do enough and supplementing that with the vitex makes the week significantly more comfortable .
dang thought that was a large mouth real quick nice catch she 's a fatty
hey i am looking for the same thing about 290 hours and just want to have a fun wipe .
i am a more casual player and would enjoy a small team to chill with .
one of the best rices i have ever seen keep it up op
kindbody is merging with vios so you can look into vios clinics .
i 'm with vios and have had a great experience with them .
surprised 2 pucks did n't go in during that shift
i 'm sorry y'all but her telling mia she ca n't be her best friend because i 'm too little is so funny .
i know that the actress was a kid and probably not suited for acting at least at that age but that line sends me .
invest in a nice erig if you want to get into dabs or buy a small bong and make it into a dab rig also just check the menus around you everyday and sometimes like gold leaf has deals on bongs and glass so if you ever interested in buying a nice bong i suggest waiting till one 's on sale or they even have the puffco sometimes on sale too
oh i totally blanked on the that has n't been chosen this turn '' .
it 's probably just a really solid design given that 's there haha .
being honest a lot of people here are just butthurt that apex exists .
apex is in the same universe as titanfall how ever they should not be considered connected .
honestly it 's really irritating to go on one subreddit talking about on thing and go to a completely different subreddit and see people bitching about the same thing that is n't related to the subreddit to at all .
for example somethings posted on r/apexlegends then people here will bitch about it spitting '' on titanfall 's corpse .
like it hurts to be a fan of both games .
on one hand titanfall is a brilliant game that needs something to keeps its wonderful mechanics in the modern age .
on the other hand apex is a fun hero based shooter with the only downside to it being ea 's grip over everything .
it 's okay she smoked while pregnant with her five other kids .
like others have said it must be previous work done if you have a phone mount try a free gps speed app to double check .
i love how super specific this is ! ! !
men have been told their entire lives that they are smart special and the best .
they are for the most part childish take no effort in anything whether work or family and expect success regardless of effort .
they think they are entitled to everything they want even if they do not work for it .
i am so confused as to what that is even supposed to mean
i will have a little help from team mates launching nukes .
microblading only lasts 2 years and looks very natural .
i just got it done could n't be happier .
every so often something god awful will catch my eye and i 'll buy it .
right now i 'm have banana colored crocs and a pale green llbean fleece thing that i enjoy wearing when in my greenhouse .
my wife is a patient woman and lets me do whatever i want but she always makes sure i have appropriate clothing for work and public .
i think an aspie with egomaniac tendencies might manifest some of his aspie obsessions in egomania but the fact that he has egomania is a feature of himself not of aspergers .
especially since i 've met many aspies who are more kind and humble than the average person .
i 'd also add that it 's important to differentiate empathy from compassion .
aspies struggle with empathy to relate to others but does n't mean they have less compassion than neurotypicals on average .
also looking 🥺 the only other merch i see rn is the jordan x ateneo merch sold in titan
get a spray tan first or turn down the lighting .
which annoys be because cherno is probably one of my favourite jaegers
did you ? i do n't know what they were looking for or why but due to other reasons as well i will never be going back
unless you are 12 no one older than 12 says that
samsezies i 'm too nauseated ... we blew the last game to bring it home and now ... we just have to be zappy bois
i just mean like an oem look but newer and better .
yeah we know we could flip it quite easily but the experiences are worth more in my opinion .
father and son build that we can cruise together in and potentially auto cross is worth more than the money .
i have a 350z focus st and soon a gr86 and my dad having this miata makes for lots of memories to come
and so i can promise you it 's going to be ok .
in my case i turned out later on to like some people sexually but i have a lower sex drive than some who really knows ?
it has n't impeded my life in the slightest .
i also know people in my life who grew up to be asexual .
they have loving partnerships and deep meaningful relationships and families .
sex is just one way of relating to people .
but you sure as heck do n't need to be a sexual person to be deeply social my closest and longest relationships in this world are the best friends i made in and after college — of all genders and sexual orientations— and i have not had any sexual interest or relationships with any of them !
most importantly you do n't have to figure this all out now .
it 's always ok not to know these things .
it 's a lifelong journey of figuring yourself out— who would ever expect to know it all at just 14 ?
i 'm 40 and i 'm still feeling my way through these things !
oh and those teens who act like they are super horny all the time ?
a good subset of them are lying to feel cool .
interesting note the dutch do n't use a y and use ij typically in place of a y .
cave dwellers trait is like masterful crafters in which 3 mining districts gives another building slot so i think you can swing it .
did i just see dean evanson vibing with the organ ?
same goes for the fetus it 's body it 's choice .
do n't take that away because you think it 's a parasite .
because you were also a parasite and now you want rights ?
could be but in this case we are talking about a gacha game .
money means everything and i 'm sure that ssj4 gogeta brings in the big bucks
if you 're happy and you know it clap your hands ! ''
dude you 've been alot of help i really appreciate it o honestly just have to try this when i get back home but i think it would be better if there were a couple times i talked just with her you know ?
because it would he my first proper time talking with her so it would be weird to just be like hey how 's it going ?
but either way thanks alot i 'll put this to good use
i 've seen darthmod recommended a number of times .
my partner studied industrial plastics molding and during the course the senior instructors told all of these heavy industry guys that the plastics were actually quite dangerous .
and that if they wanted to go into this full time they needed to think about it because there was a very strong sex ratio in future children due to plastics poisoning .
they said that xy embryos tended to self abort more due to lacking backups on the sex chromosome and that they were more likely to successfully have xx children .
man at first i thought it was one of those 3d prints that you can thread the nut either way that got warped then i saw what sub this was .
there 's some tough moments ahead but it 's all worth it .
i look forward to see your progress too ! !
he right lost their mind over the fact that barack obama 's middle name is hussein .
so true and i fear this may be the last time at least in my lifetime we see someone who 's not white winning the presidency .
i am white blonde blue eyed and in my late 50s and think obama was the best president of my life time so i hope i am wrong .
we are suffering the backlash but obama was a really awesome president .
were they sort of sweeter than big red tomatoes ?
there 's these things called physallis which have papery wrappers although they 're toxic to dogs so something to consider if you have pets
it was already an unhappy relationship before the cheating .
would his brother have preferred they stay together and keep fighting all the time ?
it 's not good for parents just to stay together in unhappy relationships for the sake of their kids .
it warps what a healthy relationship looks like and potentially wrecks the kids ' future relationships .
as in usually this what i do but some cats like to do it this way . ''
the biden administration has said that by 19 may it expects to run out of available funds to draw on under an authority that allows the president to authorize the transfer of weapons without congressional approval in response to an emergency .
yeah also god himself is showing up for a verse it gon na be lit 🔥🔥🔥🔥
wait is this technically the first ot7 pic that we 've gotten from them lmao
i had the dolphin cow dog and the turtle .
🤣 now im looking them up and i found a new axolotyl one and i 'm wondering where this was all my life
um momento amigo o bot de serie do telegram voltou ?
id definitely thank him for it sending you the email
that fucking whistle just thinking about it makes me tense up
as others have said music stores and online mainly .
i also started doing a jam night in a local bar after offering to bring in a pa and stuff that i did n't have room to store in my house .
posted signs around a few places and on craigslist .
i invited a few friends and music store employees .
first few weeks kinda sucked but now we have 20 people that show up some weeks and i get paid by the bar for bringing in the business .
why would you explain it if they already know it ?
they 'll just rerun the thing later dw it 's not a big deal .
bro a set means a set of wheels like what car is he reppin
do n't have to ask twice gorgeous body perfect boobs and amazing smile
it was satire but there really was a ton of people saying that rick and morty is a highly intelligent show around the time
please message op https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=scottish-breeder1 instead or send them a chat .
if you 'd like to get a verified flair on your account send a picture with your face/body visible your username and today 's date/time visible on a piece of paper that has been crumpled up and i 'll get a verified flair added to your account asap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/scotlandr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
not sure about that specific song but i know they mainly use 65 days of static
i would say all of the squirting you see in porn is pee .
squirting legitimately is still basically pee well almost but not quite ... but it 's triggered by a different mechanism than just hollering and acting excited and peeing for the camera .
you should probably check kansas ' balance sheets without the gqp in governor 's mansion .
holy shit ... did not expect any part of mother i sober .
i called it american because this style of urban planning was mainly popularized by the us in the 50s .
looks great but for animated prowl the legacy prime arcee would work a lot better then a carformer .
i bet yg is itching to milk them through tours again lol they gave them japan dates before treasure .
i 'm mad we still ca n't get a world tour even though western countries are much more open to concerts than asia rn .
heck we only got sea tour like once😭😭i want them in manila again !
they 're always very optimistic and hopeful but always let down by the company
make sure to also promote yourself at r/onlyfanspromotions and r/onlyfansgirs101
consider verifying as a creator at www.justvetted.com to increase your exposure !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspaidpromos if you have any questions or concerns .
it becomes more expensive to generate and should demand a higher price .
but there are too many external factors it 's too volatile to correlate to energy prices .
i never bought crypto but lost big on bitnile still holding but the idea of using alt-energy to mine reminds me of when we switched from hps bulbs to led .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
but are n't they blessed to have a demigod as a leader that can heal the blind just by looking at them ?
damn is very good but forgettable and also poorly paced imo
dude i work overnight and slept through market yesterday and lost 400
if you ever encounter someone who says that unfortunate line to you during simply respond with
how loose are you to not feel the entirety of my manhood inside of you already ''
i feel trespassing might be an appropriate term as well .
castle '' laws in some states indicate that trespassers can be forced out of your home and off your property .
if you feel your life is in danger lethal force can be justified .
that 's why some ppl think the average joe wo n't even know they 're interacting/using ethereum in the future if we reach mass adoption .
the complexity could be abstracted away to the backend .
does n't mean that institutions/savvy investors wo n't recognize the value of eth though .
if you would like to learn how to verify please visit this link https www.reddit.com/r/dadsandboys/wiki/verification .
this is not a requirement you can still post here without verifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsandboys if you have any questions or concerns .
finnish politicians have been warned of a possible cessation of gas supplies from russia on may 13 2022 local media
uk military intelligence says russia 's attempt is to achieve a breakthrough towards sloviansk and kramatorsk
the bell rang and everyone left me with my tongue stuck to the pole lol
lol i have been thinking that this hoodie is called hansolo essential ... did some google search on it and actually found some star wars han solo clothes lol
i know i was contemplating whether or not to tag those subs here .
i hope azov kill more nazis ... .i mean commies ... i mean russian troops
if you wish you can click on my userid and that will take you to a page where on the right there 's a send a message '' option that will let you pm me .
otherwise you can copy and paste my id into the chat icon top right ...
well the prime directive exists mainly to get violated ... there is that one exception where the genetically engineered supers soldiers were rebelling against their masters and picard said prime directive '' and noped the fuck out of there .
yeah a chem laser in theory could do it but i 'm not sure the lasgun is noted to have any properties related to that notably a gas cartridge/pump
as a rush fan 6 minutes qualifies as a short song to me .
and the fact that they 'd usually be out of melee by the end of their turn would make them almost impossible to attack without anything less than spells that make them do saves or those ballistas .
i feel like we have to pay a hefty price for something that we were unaware off .
i cant blame government does such a lousy job for medical health .
forget about educating t they make clinical trails so difficult .
they wont even fund t clinical trials or projects .
did she seriously give her sample products to that person or was there a proper humus wrap in the bag and some kale chips in the other ? ...
sheeesh this reminds me of the cougar camouflaged the tree .
i 'd much rather coke across these unless i was going 70 and trying to mess with my gps .
k is her own person who over sexualizes herself and try 's to be as open as possible for people to like her .
everyone knows who bobby lee is everyone knows k as bobby 's girl .
she is smart she is entertaining to listen too .
but she 's far far from what bobby is ...
they play off each other so organically and it 's hilarious .
but again that 's just my opinion and i call it like i see it .
where do you find these deals show me your ways kid
todays vote was on a bill that even include after viability abortions with no limit .
i am against abortion being used as a contraceptive essentially .
i am pro-choice as long as it is n't used like one person i know who had 12 before she was 18 because she did n't like condoms .
you do n't use contraception and has consensual sex you should raise the child .
rape incest mother 's demonstrable health risk are valid reasons .
however reading section 4 of what was voted on today only defines viability to say there should be no restrictions before or after viability .
no requirements the provider be a doctor or have admitting privileges at a hospital .
had a close friend been in a clinic without admitting privileges she would not be here today .
and the trailer probably just showing the starter and basic '' crews ca n't wait how they will design the character equivalent to herrscher/limited op/grand servant..
tbh i just love the fact that there is an actual muscle and curves in their character design
pnw 2100 for full front/fenders all the way to the a pillars and door edge guard door cups rear ledge and headlights
depends on how closely op wants to simulate the bouncing effect from the physical switch .
otherwise a programmable signal generator would be perfectly fine .
those fabuloso hefty bags are n't facing the same way .
hmmm i 'd be interested to hear what that number came out to be !
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think this one is that fragile at least in terms of water resistance .
i definitely did n't know that about the pentagon report .
i 've only just started looking into this and i find it useful to talk with people who are decidedly skeptical because it helps catch any holes in my reasoning i have n't noticed .
so in that spirit why do you think the various members of congress seem to be taking whatever they 've seen/heard in their briefings seriously ?
also to clarify is it your position that there have been no meaningful disclosures by us military/government ?
if you would like to learn how to verify please visit this link https www.reddit.com/r/dadsandboys/wiki/verification .
this is not a requirement you can still post here without verifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsandboys if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's a bit of a difference between a drunk idiot no one and a drunk asshole directly to others when you have an international platform and spotlight .
do n't know what point you 're trying to make it you 're not trying to defend am so congrats on wasting both of our time on this .
just goes to show you that ai defending needs a massive rework
when the only way to beat ai defending is ai attacking run 60 yard over top through ball or ground through ball or double tap through ball somethings wrong with the core idea what the game should be
have you ever tried playing cards on aggresive interceptions but balanced defending its almost like as you describe
part of the problem is that increasing medical student count is an easy way to look like you 're training more doctors yet completely ignores the fact that training does n't stop at graduation .
increasing internships on the other hand is really difficult because they have substantial training needs so taking doctors with what is in many although a long way from all cases really good overseas training is a lot easier and also much faster .
not saying that local training should n't increase but it 's not as easy as just hiring more interns .
she was sad he could n't convert to islam before his death so he wo n't be in heaven .
also another soul lost before someone could save them with islam .
cocaine exposed to open air behind a picture and literally gathering dust for 35 years is not proper storage .
2 any of the ingredients that 's commonly used to cut cocaine with would go bad within several weeks at the most .
after 35 years there likely would have been no map to blow it off of .
s ... and i do n't know anyone who would get that excited over the prospect of potentially finding millions of dollars worth of gold .
i 'm standing on top of one so yes you can hear a yamz rumbling .
thats that bold and stupid it again is kinda ok to me
does the different sea level somehow make you more ...
yes while the two accents are both deep south they are very distinct and properly called rural and urban .
i 've heard that you are one of the sources for a lie that is now making the rounds that skip jansen is derek godsey .
i hope it 's not true that you are spreading this .
fwiw i 've called the police department in vernon alabama and talked to the chief of police there .
he confirmed that derek godsey is indeed a real person and in the words of the police chief he is crazy . ''
skip does not live in alabama and derek godsey is not his name .
in most instances i dont think people who raped a human deserve the death penalty
due to an increase in reports and rule-violating behavior the moderation team has elected to put the following warning on all star wars or star wars related questions .
this is not the forum to voice your dissatisfaction with the sequel trilogy the star wars franchise under disney or anything regarding the meta-state of the franchise .
there are more appropriate places on the website to do so like r/starwars and r/saltierthancrait .
this is becoming a pertinent enough issue that we have decided to expand our existing policies and making any arguments regarding the topic a banable offense .
questions and discussions about star wars and any of its content are still allowed provided they are not doylist complaints .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asksciencefiction if you have any questions or concerns .
lol thats the dumbest thing i have read on reddit in a while .
not only making conclusion from your personal percepted reality but playing the victim card so far to explain an increased mortality rate without even the tiniest bit of evidence .
statistics however will tell you that its actually males who are taking less serious by society .
majority of homeless are men majority of suicide cases are men .
and yes the way you write i 'd immediately agree with that assessment that you have a mental health condition .
seriously i had a client claim she could have been my mother age wise .
i told her i 'm way older than i look i 'm 30 .
turns out she was 56 but did n't look a day over 40 .
we were both stoked and then we had a gleeful chat about not having kids to stay young
the og comments was made as she asked me to not use courtesy third person with her same as french with courtesy 2p plural and asked if she could too claiming i could have been her daughter
unfortunately sotn just has style 24/7 which makes it the clear winner .
the movement music the dialog and the enemies are just stylish as fuck
i asked my followers to upvote my pinned posts and so far its helped .
du ga så faen at du startet enda en diskusjon om disse flagga .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
insanely productive to destroy two championship prospective teams in one season .
grandmother and sol are simply opposites who do n't really care what humanity wants and are indifferent in their superiority only subjecting them to their ultimate solution by manipulation and/or against their will .
grandmother by hardier devolution sol by transcendence into what happened to tally and 7 but at a stalemate with eachother .
sol was the impregnator posing as a memory of campian sturges when mother had sex and revealed what it is .
a hive mind of entangled dark photons beyond count compared to mother 's one .
i listened to that today while i was skating .
a list of suicide prevention hotlines in case you need to talk to someone https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_suicide_crisis_lines
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sad if you have any questions or concerns .
while staying at a hotel once a bird was making a nest by grabbing materials off the ground and flying them straight up to the very top under the soffit .
it stopped to rest on the sill of my open window on the way up several times while carrying a larger stick .
there was no screen so the bird was just right there .
it was awesome to get a visitor like that .
therapy moving out going no contact sleeping beside the love of my life and heavy duty medication but still ca n't make the nightmares of my childhood stop .
i was physically and sexually abused by my ndad while my nmom enabled it .
as i 'm sure you can imagine the nightmares are traumatizing as hell .
was n't sure if i was holding it right since we 've never had one of these before ... .they 're heavy !
aside from konosuba i 've probably rewatched this more than mysterious girlfriend x which is my favorite anime .
i 've totally fantasized about throwing my life away like rock and just going ham in the underground world
while i am interested in land value taxes the main problem is paying tax on i realized gain .
what happens if we charge someone a lot when the value goes up but then it crashes ?
the arbitrary things if i had to guess are used because people tend to find it more fair because it 's less complicated .
what do you think is the optimal play for storm at that moment ?
invoker would be nearly lvl 3 when storm is lvl 1 still .
i think mid was over when storm went for the melee creep .
i 'm excited that they 're coming up with something new !
it would be great if we could see the characters interact in this kind of environment .
i know people ca n't freely go there and the citizens ca n't leave but i 'm sure there is some movement .
you 'd have thought they 'd have got a strain of it earlier .
it 's all about how your brain takes in and perceives info right ?
and also about what your brain focuses more on or even goes to first too .
i would imagine even if you do n't fit the stereotype of what you think an estp would be it could still be possible yeh ?
and tons of people can do testing when their mental state is n't at its best which would likely give skewed results .
i 'm sure you know how your brain works to a certain degree if not completely so it 's totally up to what you interpret your main functions are
can the rest not set up their own executive with blackjack and hookers ?
try resetting your devices settings as a last resort .
this is what a genius bar rep did and my airpods pro have been working fine since .
yeah i know but it 's a small area and it 's not like it would be much of a community .
it 's mainly whether i sacrifice salah for say diaz and upgrade the weak defence but i 'd be less confident on picking the 'right ' non-salah attacker with the fa cup just before !
60 an hour more than your mother makes in a week eat my ass triplek man .
it took only 19 days from submitting the form and receiving package !
i got also lil surprise as they by mistake ?
would you please return the favor on a post of mine ?
not quite.the laptop should be on your chest warming your tits as i use your cunt as a fleshlight as i watch porn
i build only civs there on my way to reform a-h .
went really well and was the most enjoyable gameplay so far
the money isnt really much at all that you get for winning msi .
split that 5 ways maybe coaches get a share ?
i would be glad if u want to dm some content .
i m very interested in saturnian cults but i i 'm afraid is too much powerful .
actually i 'm following self initiation in the golden dawn tradition by cicero the one you have too .
what aim the saturnian cults such as fraternitas saturni ?
unnskyld at jeg plager deg med allergi i bjørkesesongen men alternativet er at det renner nedover leppa i en stadig strøm .
jeg kan være enig i at det ikke er superdelikat at folk snyter seg men akkurat her kan/vil jeg ikke ta hensyn til alle rundt meg .
jeg kan jo også la være å putte papiret i lomma men alternativet er jo at jeg kaster det på bakken om det ikke er en søppelkasse i umiddelbar nærhet .
tror de fleste er enige i at det er like greit at jeg tar det med meg .
we the poor and common must get satisfaction from desi loha and let our mps and mlas enjoy the best with the tax we pay .
for sure u can would be glad to see it 3
y'all be sitting on the toilet the wrong way .
you 're suppose to sit backwards ... '' so you have that nice little shelf for your comic book and your chocolate milk ''
i think the rules of this subreddit make it so that spoilers or anything about the content of the book that is used as a tag in the title of the post can be discussed so whenever you see a thread about a book you have not yet read there will likely be open discussion about the contents of that book .
you 'd have to be crazy or rich to have taken advantage of this increase .
i ca n't imagine putting anything into crypto recently .
your comment karma is too low to post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild30plus if you have any questions or concerns .
what is the double standard you are accusing me of doing here ?
you do n't want to be misgendered and you do n't want people to think you 're straight when you 're not .
i do n't really care what people think about me .
sure i think they 're dicks and i do n't want to have anything to do with them but like i 've already said is n't it good you know they think that ?
all that means is that they are childish bigots and not worth your time .
as i said with matters like these they do n't send letters they 'd call or it would be from the courts
i 'm still surprised there 's no total drama video game .
they made a ton of flash games but a legit survivor-style video game would be sick .
i dont know why but medusa just feels crap after 7.30 whenever i pick her i feel like i have to just afk farm for 30 minutes then just lose the game because rest of my team are fighting and dying 4v5 .
i guess going on vacation with my friends and bringing some weed with us .
we 've never been to the beach and i 'm dying to go with them .
i proposed we go next year so that our schedules can be planned ahead .
so far everyone agreed but if course next year is in well one year and a lot of things could happen .
but 'audited ' isnt a magical word to make all bad stuff go away .
backing every virtual 1 with real 1 this is what makes stablecoin stable .
do n't worry he 'll just make the forest more visible for you by removing leaves .
muito pelo contrário vai ficar centraliza '' em meia dúzia de baleias e acredita que as fees não vão baixar assim tanto .
yeah i have n't gotten to occult or the seppuku state yet .
i 'm not sure what it is lol i 'm still a noob when it comes to this game there is so much to discover still for me
budgetwise its just not worth getting over an attack heli which does functionally the same but at a longer delivery time but more importantly has a shitton of other functionality other than cas .
using the a10 for cas over its alternatives is a good idea .
developing and procuring the a10 instead of another apache is a bad idea .
basically the us has comitted to this retardation for so long it has doubled around and became credible .
god bless the us military industrial complex for prevailing where common sense does not
steht eh am zettel gamestop corp. oder die cusip 💪🏻
you are more valiant than i will ever be ... and i am king valiant
what really helped me get through the worst of it at first was dbt but specifically the radical acceptance part of the therapy .
i dont know if it 's accessible to you if not there are resources on reddit for self dbt workbooks you can use .
something to look into if you have n't yet .
i 'm in my mid 30s now and i always thought i would n't have made it this far .
i still get stuck have steps backs hell i slide all the way back down some days .
how do we know that was n't just some idiot trying to stir the pot ?
our daycare in toronto said their costs are too high to be worth participating in the program and expect every other daycare in toronto to experience the same thing .
if the subsidy is 50 a day and they 're only allowed to charge 10 per day that only gives them 60/day revenue which might work in thunder bay but not toronto .
this is a somewhat interesting alternate history scenario—although it must be said that ww2/nazis are the single most overdone alternate history concept in the entire genre—with a really bizarre anti-science mini-rant in the middle .
even though your family 's not caring i hope you have someone like your friend or smth who do cares about you .
if you do n't then i hope that you 'll find one in the future .
family is who you want to be with blood is just a relation . ''
op mentioned he had the dog leashed so he could n't get to the front .
general safety of the animal i just thought that was fair to mention .
i think we see cm 's power get siphoned off with her literally losing her glow just before the statue lands on her .
there may not be an explicit line of dialog but it 's pretty conclusive i think .
the thing about other places is that people are being assholes .
that 's predictable and you can account for it to keep yourself safe .
in utah people legitimately do n't know how to drive and/or are n't paying attention which is unpredictable and even more dangerous .
help make squaredcircle safer and more inclusive by using the report button to flag posts and comments for moderator review .
if you need to contact a moderator you can message us here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle if you have any questions or concerns .
the hardest part of the deck is managing your resources so you have efficient removal draw and healing at all points of the game .
the boars you kind of just drop as soon as you get them .
the proper milktart is a baked version which sets the filling to a wobbly consistency and when coolled stiffens up .
in sa this cheat is the cheap '' retail version made by retailers .
still proud that he chose to featured a huge sa heritage .
my mom 's uncle was a gay man and immigrated to portugal with his partner and rarely came back to visit which really hurt my grandma her only sibling .
when he did visit my mom and her sisters were enamored with his stories and interesting life abroad .
my mom 's family was pretty catholic but never homophobic .
now they 're just less catholic if not agnostic or atheistic .
if you actually talk to gay people or any maligned group of people it puts a big crack in all of the propaganda and lies and sets you on a spiral of questioning .
the more you know the more you see how you 've been lied to and it undermines your faith and trust in whatever person or organization that lied to you .
some have chosen to walk in light and be accepting to all but the rest have chosen the path of authoritarian control hate and forced ignorance .
i have tried to hard to empathize with people who are themselves products of their propagandized environment but it is so hard .
the only empathy i can now muster is for the lgbtq community and other groups oppressed by bigots .
i think it 's very hard to be a influencers is n't it ?
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will result in a removal counting towards your ban tiers https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_ban_tiers .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree i think this is what the other comment also implicitly pointed out .
i want to look into them and how they managed to stabilise what checks they employed what counter-economics pr tactics etc .
do you have somewhere specific to point me to ?
wtf obviously nta your boyfriend is making a big deal out of nothing and seeing things through his perspective only lol tell him to stop being selfish 🤷🏽‍♀️
700 episodes and boruto series is more than enough to keep them going for eternity .
there were jews in germany it was kind of a big thing a while back .
parents should n't publicly show love to their kids .
that way they can turn out with emotionally unhealthy worldviews like mine .
if you like to see how this tune work https youtu.be/bypz5dsfdro 09:01
i try to find a balance between speed and handling .
so i 'm not just aiming for top speed because the car must also be able to be steered safely through the corners and braked well .
makes me happy that all the cards i want are already made i do n't collect new stuff for obvious reasons ...
it has been removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/joefromsjersey/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
please note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd like to examine your sanity after constant lowballers and strange and or rude buyers
i only bought bkk as my 4th or 5th hub but now it 's my most profitable so by that time i was working with larger planes such as 777 747 or a380 so ca n't say sorry .
it 's a popular recommendation so i would just go with it or search for routes using https destinations.noway.info/en/routefinder/index.html
i 'm simply following up with what i know to be true .
guess your loads will b weak until the meeting .
get to master mode an try to get bd pieces to level your team up
what about for someone with only 3 months of icu experience as a new grad ?
i 'm not so sure if i like bedside enough to stay in it ...
i 'm truly surprised that by now the main bussed to the cpu and gpu are n't using laser .
i 'm not pressed to sell and with the couple ridiculous offers i got from people on this sub save your time if you think you 're getting some kind of bargain deal .
purely because of the hype around charles and his recent performances i think he 'll be the favourite
unfortunately dual mining ergo eth is not working for me not sure why .
i would not smoke that high risk of weed trim oregano or k2 and neither is good
awww dammit that makes much more sense then what i thought previously .
i have not used visual script but honestly why use it if you can understand programming .
i have used many other visual programming applications over the years and most fall short in some way .
eventually you just end up programming if it is an option .
i come from a c java javascript background with a bit of every other programming language over the years .
i started using godot with gdscript about 4 years ago .
it is similar to python as many people will mention which did n't really help me since python was not one of my primary programming languages and the tab structure was a turn-off to me .
at first i had a hard time with the lack of strictness duck typing tab structure class inheritance structure the list is long in differences in the approach to architecture with c java vs gdscript .
most of the heavy math code in your scripts will be calling the engine to do calculations which are done in c very fast .
your using a scripting language with an api to a super awesome game engine that runs in c .
so in short gdscript does exactly what it should .
i have since started using c in my newer projects partly for the performance boost and partly because i like the stricter language features of c .
i also use both gdscript and c together is my current project genetic fluff https store.steampowered.com/app/1403270/genetic_fluff .
but if i could go back in time i would not go back and start with c .
it is more complicated to do the same things and there is not as much documentation on the internet for godot c vs godot gdscript although much more in recent years .
there are also some other features that are different in c that are in gdscript and it can be confusing .
the setup for godot also becomes more complex with the installation of other 3rd party software other than the engine itself .
easy setup is also one of the reasons i do not use unity or unreal .
i like the small footprint and simplicity of the godot engine .
the lakers were the best team in the league in the regular season ad did n't play way over his level in the bubble at all he shot better on jumpshots but his overall production was in line in previous years and they were 21-6 the next year with ad out of shape before he went down .
plus they were slapping the taste out of the suns ' mouths in round 1 before ad went down again .
melt is a lot clunkier to play freeze is great in small mob aoe but weak in single target .
the only ones actually being caught are the ones actually speeding .
if someone slows down because their gps alerts them that they 're in a camera zone is n't that kind of the point ?
i agree that more needs to be done to make our streets safe .
i would actually prefer road diets and designs that cause drivers to slow down naturally almost without even noticing it rather than using cameras .
the reason we have cameras in the first place is that drivers shocker !
they 'd prefer to keep the roads unsafe as long as it means shaving off five minutes of their commute .
been trying to reroll a spare leg for a oe hellcat left leg .
i dont want the dam rad removal crap and i have spent way way to many mods trying to reroll the fucking thing .
its godly for me as long as the shit modifiers are n't on it .
i was on the fence for a little under a year amidst being staunchly childfree before and after and i think it 's so so important to examine the reasons why — to explore the thoughts and emotions that temporarily convinced me it could be a good idea to have kids in the future .
for me it was the combination of a partner i cared for who i knew would make a great father and who i wanted to see happy as well as me having the unique chance of getting to know a branch of my family for the first time within which everyone reared children so naturally and lovingly and at relatively young ages too .
i thought i could deepen/solidify my relationships with both this partner and my new extended family by choosing to go ahead and have kids .
the relationship did n't work out for other reasons and after the spell was broken i came to realize that never again will i put the wants/needs of my partner or the approval of family over my own clear lack of interest in having kids .
instead i will seek to deepen romantic relationships only with men who from the start are very clear that they do n't need to have kids to feel that their life is rich fulfilling and complete .
or who might demonstrate their own interest in fostering teens down the line since that 's still on the table for me though is n't essential .
i also see now that i 'd rather feel a little more separate/dissimilar from my family by choosing against having kids than being so desperate for approval that i drastically alter the course of my life for them when approval/bonding would still be far from guaranteed .
hope my experiences can help someone else out there .
i 'd recently become a father when i saw it and the thought of raising a child loving them then to die at their hand but retaining your love for them and in your last moment touching their face ...
those children are not your responsibility and the way your sister thinks she can just dump 'em with you whenever it 's convenient for her is sickening .
i get that she has a lot on her plate but she basically wants you to live part of her life for her therefore demanding that you postpone yours .
if you ca n't take constructive criticism i 'd recommend not asking in the future .
i 'm just not interested in your of ... but i would love those panties lol
what about catch flame bestial sling and bloodflame claw are they still worth if my katanas outdamage ?
when i had my nipples pierced i occasionally woke up in burning pain because the barbell found its way into some random loop of thread on a blanket or something .
that happened a few times before i took them out permanently .
im not turkish but i kinda agree on that too .
using veto is kinda legitimate because of conflict of interest .
next step is adding an integrated real cash economy to the game ...
the only one i use is the triada one combined with the triada rifle .
extremely useful against helicopters and tanks and groups of enemies that are hard to shoot at .
apparently the fuego one gives a passive double jump so i might try that one .
is the drone on the shelf in the corner ?
real talk why the fuck would a licensed gun owner shoot someone all willy nilly and unjustified ?
guns are very easily traceable with today 's tech even without a serial and if your serial is defaced oooh boy that charge is n't fun .
but then again like others have said before never underestimate the scope of the city 's incompetence .
you 'd still have to get a license in the first place over at 1pp who are known to deny a good 90 of gun applications .
i sent a green dragon and green borneo as well .
i like those both but malay is the star of the bunch for me
the blue flower downward two stars are still gon na be aligned and hope you do n't get 4 matches and breaks all stars
nigga why u want that nigga on atlanta beat so bad
mb probably i just wanted to take the opportunity to shit on the other people if i could because while i think nationalism is bad nationalism is 1000x better than being colonized by some other fucks and have no sovereignty .
my question is who was the first person to figure this out ?
before anyone yells at me i refuse to look it up on my computer phone .
is there anyone in the world that really enjoys a burger that you have to dislocate your jaw to eat ?
i 'm not a fucking snake i want to eat my burger with my hands comfortably .
if you hand me a burger that needs a knife and a fork to eat i 'm probably gon na stick that fork somewhere the sun do n't shine !
work lol and i told him i was kidnapping his dog but he was free to join us .
i ca n't seem to find the drop rate either does anyone know it ?
is n't it interesting how quickly the nazi ... er policeman '' reacted when being called a nazi .
he 's got four arms and claws that can withstand even an above average force push
i got this from r/tankiejerk i tried to crosspost via mobile but failed and was stunned speechless after seeing this
his offensive play needs to be adjusted belittled he needs to be on this team
it 's not that they are bad for dark angels per se it 's just that they are overcosted .
you need to take them in a dedicated combat chapter white scars blood angels space wolves for them to push into 'decent '
in addition we always just want to pay the extra points for a deathwing terminator as they get an extra wound better save an invulnerable save transhuman and some much better weapons .
finally a large portion of the da game plan is parking on objectives and refusing to die backed up by some of the best secondary play in the game while the ravenwing/greenwing elements eliminate priority targets .
yeah cause ethan would never make fun of someone for a having a dui
i mean yes but thats not really that hard to be better than
follow up question does this make them more fatiguing to listen to ?
yeah but do you expect dallas to roll over and die ?
the flames did n't match the intensity for sure but its hard to manufacture desperation .
markstrom was great but oettinger was even better and ultimately that was the difference this game .
the target moves from the lobby to tsa to check in .
after so much time he boards some sort of experimental private jet with multiple levels and large gathering areas .
47 can either kill the target before he boards or find a way to board with him and kill him on the plane .
opportunities can be setup in the airport section and play out on the private jet .
if 47 boards the jet he must find a way off before it lands
i do n't smoke anymore but when i did i used weed and beers only after i ran out to put me to bed lol was actually very effective
bold of you to assume 1/4 full is n't basically a sellout for a rabbitohs vs warriors game
to be fair ula 's stance up to this point was we 'll human rate it when someone pays for it '' and that has n't happened yet .
flying a number of times helps but definitely does n't replace a proper human rating study see the d-ivh for example which despite flying a lot of times already would have required a few hundred changes to be able to carry crew back in the day and not only because of the setting itself on fire part
turbo is one of the only viable enhancement comps and it 's not super strong but you do well with it
most recent poll was like 60 percent to 20 in favor of the recall .
after the prophecy was smashed he basically said screw it and focused on expanding his power and removing harry 's protectors so he could finally have a free shot at him .
explain to me his literal interpretation for supporting trumps refusal to turn over 1/6 documents .
because to me that seems entirely political since those records revealed his wife was texting mccarthy about overturning the election .
i dont know how you can objectively look at this man and some of his decisions and think he is anything but a political hack
thank you for your help in our journey to rid sol of humans once and for all .
it rolls off the tongue and the execs will blurt it out in board rooms but i hate it and it doesnt sound like a nintendo console .
it 's actually crazy enough that it might of work .
that 's kind of how i feel about all their rules right now .
even the announcers could n't tell you what goalie interference is this year .
a poor person can not live their life oblivious to the difficulties of the world
whereas a rich person can be put in a bubble that protects them from every other worldly pain
in fact there is an episode in black mirror i ca n't quite remember where a mother uses an implant in her child to devoid her from seeing or experiencing any traumatic event .
she grows up not knowing what conflict is and has no concept of violence .
am i reading this correctly that you are their boss ? !
i 'd schedule one-on-one meetings with them and tell them directly that you do n't appreciate the comments .
make sure you document the meeting in writing for your own records .
you can quickly tell if its the kind of game you will like .
hello u/tot1nbol0 your submission has been deleted due to your account being less than 7 days old .
this measure is in place to combat spam accounts and bots .
you may re-submit your post after you have reached this threshold or message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/yonemains to have it manually reviewed/approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonarceus if you have any questions or concerns .
black mission is pretty sweet my grandma has one similar to what you 've described and i think it 's a brown turkey 🤷‍♂️
barkley had a game like that vs the bulls .
okay ... please explain to me where ypu feel these movies you listed failed to understand the source material except moon knight i have n't watched it yet
she sounds like the worst kind of some person .
yeah sometimes relatives of famous people become famous as well .
so no she can never ride her aunts fame to glory .
ps if you did n't see on my insta ... i tried to give myself a 1 inch trim which turned out to be about 5 inches .
my stepdad physically and verbally abused me my whole life and we lived in a hoarder house with an insane cockroach infestation .
one day when i was 16 he slapped me across the face for a reason i ca n't remember but it definitely was n't warranted .
it was after i had brought him some mcdonald 's home for dinner .
well i left his mcdonald 's chicken nuggets on the counter for a few hours let cockroaches get all up in there and watched them crawl around all over them and i did n't let him know .
i never said anything but i felt so much satisfaction from this and i still do to this day .
i 'm in goodyear sadly but drooling over that !
for all of the horrible things they did to me to come back and bite them in the ass and hopefully i 'll be in a better position to not laugh at them but just feel bad but also not care at the same time
it 's fine if you do n't go crazy on the sauces
ooh i just thought of another middle name that could work .
your post has been removed because your account does not currently meet our minimum comment karma requirements .
this number is not public in order to avoid karma farming .
please engage in more organic discussion on reddit before posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/discordapp if you have any questions or concerns .
guess god could n't wait to listen to him in person .
i understand this is n't a news/politics sub but ... ..
can someone explain to me how this is n't basically an act of war ?
keeping us civilians as pow trying to offer their freedom for a russian arms dealer ?
hmmm not sure if this really counts but simple moisturizers
the textures are very different to is like a thick lotion and liquid gold is a thin serum .
but i love liquid gold and find it so moisturizing for how thin it is .
he pulled off loves leg and bit it what ... . is there a source for this ?
they said the same thing about making the avenue of the saints .
yes it 's a road but it was also another option for transportation .
too many in iowa city and that region were insistent on driving through des moines to get to the twin cities thinking it was the most direct way .
talk was that it was a waste of money .
people forget how many areas used to have trolleys .
once the small townie mindset of the welfare-happy farmers is put in its place more adult forward-thinking will take place .
it 's only a matter of time when rail is a thing even in iowa .
originally i thought i should own usa and international separately but now that i think about it a single msci acwi ucits etf would probably do it .
i 'm sure you fight with louis smolka every fight 🤦🏽
not going to call you an ah but you he was n't responsible but you planned to have another baby anyway .
it does n't matter you are doing ok without it .
it is his responsibility to help support the children he made .
the kids are bring cheated out of that money .
even if you do n't need it '' per se still file for it and save it for college fund or money for them when they get older .
i do n't know what you thought would be different .
as long as his mommy raises his other kids and does n't pay and you raise his other kids and does n't pay no reason for him ever to grow up and be responsible .
i guess ... i do n't even know if it works i do n't want to open it yet 😭
yes i had been thinking it was to protect kim let her have a legit pro bono practice but i also just realized it might also be to protect himself from lalo .
if he 's believing he 's still alive and may come after him someday still .
and given he still had a safe room in his home he probably did that to be just a scumbag lawyer skeez make it seem unlikely to have any possible connection to anyone like gus is a good camouflage ...
yeah the mavs are a lot better than people give them credit for .
a lot of people bash the fo for the team but they got a lot of really good role players to surround luka with .
they 've gotten a lot better as the season has gone on too
people talk shit about the first lebron cavs team but it was kinda similar and had a ton of success in the regular season and playoffs even if it did n't win a ring
whoever wins between the celtics and bucks should be the favorite though
edit oh i did n't realise you were making light of addiction when i first saw this .
they are literally mad the show is n't just about obi wan its so disingenuous she is n't secretly the main character like these people would have you belive she is just important to obi wans story and i guess thats to far for these people
our insurance covered ivf and we paid about 5kish total .
fwiw we are also a queer family transmasc person/cis woman and we only used ivf this pregnancy because of infertility .
ici and iui really did n't cost us much especially since my insurances have covered unlimited iui cycles .
i also was reluctant going into a full book from nesta 's perspective though it 's actually third person switching between her and cassian but hoo boy was i wrong .
i relate more to nesta than i realized and definitely moreso than i do to feyre and in the end sf is my favorite of the series .
and nesta might be stubborn and difficult in the beginning but as she goes through her journey i think you 'll love her .
if i 'm able to ride a high speed '' train from sf to la in my lifetime i will eat my truck meanwhile billions will be spent and line the pockets of those with connections
the bulb is n't suppose to be completely burried it should only be 1/2 in the substrate .
mine does n't stay put at only 1/2 in the substrate it gets pushed around by the fish so it just chills on the surface of the substrate til a plant starts to sprout from it and get enough root for me to anchor into the substrate with the roots .
once it gets growing good then i separate it from the bulb and the bulb eventually sprouts another plant .
i got a bulb about 6 months-ish ago and i have 5 plants total so far in a low tech tank .
when it gets too many leaves going up to the top or if the leaves start dying trim the stem as close to the base as you can .
this prevents the plant from wasting energy on trying to keep the stem alive so it can work on keeping the rest of the plant healthy .
i 've read that regular trimmings can train the plant to remain more compact and bushy but i have n't ventured into that territory yet and i think it may require higher light but could be wrong just basing it off how other plants grow in higher and lower lights ... higher light generally more compact bushy growth whereas lower light causes the plant to try to grow closer to the light source which results in expending its energy to grow taller rather than filling out .
was solomon perfect he had 700 wives but we know the torah says specifically god allotted man and women to be 1 flesh he can choose any 1 to spread a theological message the person is irrevlant because like i said from gods throne the decision seems like a millisecond decision to us it 's thousands of years but god lives in the outer reaches of the universe with different gravity and time scales you ca n't comprehend how insignificant this life is to god hence why he does n't put much thought on leaving behind a message .
it 's like if you were playing a video game where you left with a morally hard choice and an morally easy choice the first 1 gets you to the end faster and the other 1 gets you to the end much longer god prefers to do things the first way because this life is like 0.3 seconds in reference to him .
off course i do n't think like most muslims the test ends after death because that makes no sense but it 's a starting point but you are truly miss understanding the difference in cosmic scale between you and god .
i believe you 're correct i think it 's the bewitching branch i was thinking of
i think at one point i had two high-capacity rucks a normal ruck and two duffels on my guy for an extra large haul .
i wanted to try and make something from dqi so ... skeleton scrapper !
if we ever get an undead fest event i propose that one of the farmable a-ranks could be something like this .
skeleton scrapper is able to heal allies that take damage in a similar way to the helper seraphi park however it can also dish out damage and raise move as well .
the healing effect would not be as powerful as others but rather work in a way similar to blossomed stump chump .
hurry scurry seems to have a strange range for a support move but this is to allow scrapper to stand in the back of the party while applying it to the group requiring proper positioning to protect the squishy skeleton .
as a sidenote the leader perk would not only apply to the heal spell but also the hp restored from harmacist .
with a bit of editing and touching up i was able to get the tact artwork of skeleton soldier to look pretty much like skeleton scrapper of which i used for the concept 's image .
how i could then pass the event to handle_state_change ?
there is nothing wrong with not wearing makeup or dressing in a traditionally feminine manner .
a lot of people are n't comfortable in formal clothes but they suck it up for formal occasions .
you should have at least worn dress slacks mens or womens does n't matter .
but you wore jeans to a black tie event and you have the audacity to say jeans are n't casual when they are the epitome of casual attire .
you are childish caused a scene and you made her wedding about you .
my mother did add that the little mouche works since it 's a traditional fashion thing but that the other one was all she could focus on while watching konstrakta .
no one has the right to violate you like that .
i can appreciate your boyfriend had nothing to do with it but you do n't need to spend another minute around his family .
you will go on in life and meet so many other people and have so many other romances .
chalk this up to a good cocktail story in the future and go about your life .
the whole thing is ridiculous and a waste of the courts time .
the best thing that could happen would be for vardy to be found guilty and receive a fine of a token £1 and she also has to pick up the legal costs .
the fermi paradox makes many assumptions that may be completely innaccurate .
we have no way of knowing how likely it is for sentient life to evolve .
we also have no idea how many potential stars are out there .
we know roughly how many are in our galaxy roughly 100 billion but there are billions of galaxies .
imagine we are the only intelligent life in our galaxy .
there could still be plenty of life in other galaxies .
also is it normal not to have sensitivity in the lowest part of the shaft ?
herbal tea isnt really tea because it doesnt have tea leaves in it .
you really do n't want to be married and you are keeping a good man hanging on just so you have him when it 's convenient for you .
you should apologize to him and get a divorce immediately .
i do n't think this is a 1 star offense .
i think you really have to mess up to get a 1 star rating .
i am a dasher and also order a lot of doordash so i can see it well from both perspectives .
i do believe it should be common sense to not set the order where it 's gon na get knocked over or otherwise messed up but a 1 star ?
remember that that is someone 's way to make money maybe their only way and low ratings put that at stake .
remember they also took their time gas and wear and tear on their vehicle to bring you your order .
if anything you can say something about it to support and maybe get a small comp or something if it 's really that bad .
that all those elites are childblood sucking people and rapists lmfao .
still think about it daily because i thinks its too hilariousl
lol you been flipping shit for a while on here .
if you feel like shit and want to stop do it one less time per day distract yourself a little bit and slowly stop doing that and at the same time find something else that is fun to you you should make it feel natural .
most people in recovery here fail cause they try to end this cold turkey and then they feel like the wolf of wall street when he became sober !
damn everyone 's calling you out for saying russia is evil when it literally is but the obvious problem with the joke is that you use dungeons and dragons and if she does n't know anything about that it 's gon na fall flat lmao
in my non professional opinion starting at 50 is way to high ask your doctor about starting at 10 or 20 and working your way up .
it 's just a new fight just like the rest .
it gets easier each time and before long you 'll wonder why you had issues at all .
you 're awfully trusting of the words of an actual real pedophile for someone who insists everyone who disagrees with them is one .
he specifically thought he was wrong to feel that way .
by that way '' you mean feeling sexually attracted to children .
i 'm just not an idiot who judges different times and places on the same standards .
no you 're just the pedophile sympathising idiot defending pedophilia because it happened 80 years ago while hypocritcally trying to use pedophilia from 2,500 as some sort of gotcha despite the fact i do n't make excuses for historical pedophilia you do .
output for water is recycled back to the al solution refineries balanced with buffers valves pumps .
all inputs remain full and the outputs do not back up .
i had a longer video showing the rest of the configuration but it was too large to upload .
might be ligaments loose and not holding the joint properly yet .
obviously i 'm not a vet nor have i ever seen what 's happening in the video .
if something is wrong you did n't do anything wrong if it 's a complication i 'm sure it can be remedied
it 's not really as massive as you think .
it 's like getting 180 last season because the ladder is 50 longer .
so really even though he did so well he 's still climbing slower than he would have last season .
it impacts me in that i do n't feel like a man or woman .
it 's not part of how i see myself .
i only played 1-3 and i 'm loving the show .
so no it 's not a flat out lie .
exodus is loony tunes so ... take that with a grain of salt .
the jews drove the pharaoh out of egypt and then built the pyramids .
while some mods are pretty cool i love seeing consoles repaired instead of just having their hinge ripped off top screen taken off to make a budget micro etc .
you 're allowed to have uninformed opinions about whoever you like .
the recoil patterns are n't hard to learn and people do n't really complain that it 's too hard to learn .
i mostly see people complain because of cheaters using scripts that 's what i think the main purpose of the update is .
anyone can go to google and download scripts in like 10 minutes to get rid of recoil completely and that 's what most people do so making it random will decrease the amount of scripters since it will be useless and it will make the game more fun .
unless your saying nothing is more fun that trying to build a base on a 5x while constantly getting beamed from 200m every time your in the open
i was n't expecting this to look as good as it does from when i saw the thumbnail .
it 's actually really fresh and love that you went with just the red and nike symbol on the front .
i really thing the bags play a role in the consistency of flower .
gleaf stands to improve drastically if they incorporate well sealed bags imo
i do n't know about that but it 's pretty relaxing when you just let it roll .
for me anyway i 'm pretty fortunate in that my life is pretty comfortable .
absolutely her tummy torment and titty teasing vids are my favourite absolute bombshell
4. no strict rules but your parents wo n't be happy about it
the establishment side of sda is pretty open to mainstream medical practices but a lot of sda members are nutters who will believe any conspiracy presented on a powerpoint during ay
you need to go to bible classes and study a a book by eg white called steps to christ before you can get baptized
it 's probably because they are trying to be nice and we are n't
iniziate a pagare decentemente i dipendenti senza dare sempre la colpa alle tasse .
il sistema purtroppo è quello chi non sa farvi fronte dovrebbe smetterla di fare l'imprenditore .
i feel like cutting someone off means you switched lanes way too close to someone else and it varies by your speed .
if you switch lanes into someone 's safe zone '' which is what two or three car lengths at say 60 mph ? then you cut someone off .
you do n't need to insert yourself into someone 's reasonable buffer zone .
not history's greatest monster we all know who is in the running for that but definitely in the top 10 of americans still alive .
i wo n't mince words because it 's very unlikely a mcconnell voter would find their way to this sub in the first place .
lindsay slays and crimson look like a halloween costume lmao
but you might try playing with settings calendar default alert times to see if that will force the behavior you want ?
that 's the only setting i 'm aware of in default calendar to impact all day events .
yes very much so love to have fun with you and you have one lucky man
na way man..trent a over .5 shots mason m over 1.5 shots over 1 cards both teams combined over 5 corners over 2.5 offsides and under 4 goals in total and liverpool to lift trophy ... thank me later
now i 'm not a support main but damn this is a good update .
the forever shirt this dashing blue shirt features a classic flattering cut matching buttons and is impervious to stains .
once the shirt is put on it can only be removed with a remove curse spell
their first mc special stage and show with a live audience !
love seeing a full crowd the energy from them is crazy .
the only thing wrong about this theory is saying that red is dt .
at the i am on the hunt for that ohm and i am dreading rolling a similar cta to yours lol ... offline play with d2r is goddamn excellent .
i do n't think i will ever go online again .
idk it got them back into the tie pretty effectively .
do you have a day job or did you spend all your time developing this ?
how did the biases get into the algo and did you only find out about them when going live ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewildgermangirls if you have any questions or concerns .
there should literally be no substitute for cp at all they need therapy instead
u can take some from here this is after dumping tonnes of products even at 80 leftovers cz they do n't go on this oil can !
i only do it to get people to leave me alone
the 82 was the popular calculator back when i was in high school .
this would have come out near the end of my high school career i believe .
now there were games written in assembly for it later on but you had to hack it .
so most of the stuff was written in the ti-basic .
while i was interested in college i managed to pick up one of the serial port connectors for my ti-92 i just moved on .
definition for being happy living happy is different for everybody for drug addict it 's drug for gym rat it 's workout and for a devoty it 's meditation prayers and worshipping god .
i went in 2009 and really fell in love with the whole of bosnia herzegovina .
some of the stories are so tragic but the people and the places were beautiful
haha i will never say i 'm a professional comic writer .
i 'm creating this for my kids and assume i can scan in and neaten things up later in photoshop .
in any case i 'm enjoying using my new markers a lot !
and i 'm gaining a lot of practice in just doing it which is nice too
i was just shocked that russians somehow are the highest per capita consumers which i just found out on reddit
i would have thought it 'd be american midwest or something
but considering this lady is now at least in her late thirties judging from the picture .
and considering she fainted twice again both times the day after a shot i would assume the fainting 's are more related to the drug she took than her early life fainting 's .
i will assume that he was in his intense angry pitching mindset and thought i 'm already warming up this should have already happened .
sucks but it 's too late and will feel bad about it in retrospect and issue an apology .
the highest point in dc which is in the middle of a public park .
i wrote both of my pa state senators and the one that did get back sent me a letter saying that he did not vote for it
exactly hinestly i kind of want a minecraft cake now .
on the left you look maybe 25 on the right you look like a teenager 19 max
you may be right perhaps you ca n't win .
both of you know as a result of the conversations in therapy that these dates are directly addressing your sex life whether either of you mention it on the date or not .
both of you will feel the pressure to acquiesce succeed .
there 's a possibility that if the date nights are frequent and unpredictable then over time sex could return as the loaded nature of the date eases as just having fun together the new normal .
basically you need to play the long game if you have the patience and desire to do so .
one date one month of dates is n't going to be enough to shift the focus of what you are doing wooing for sex .
i feel i 'll never get the time back .
wan na see my cute pp tummy and ass ?
it 's thank you by dodo they use a bit of it in the beginning of stan
and they 've converted the room where her body was found into a play room family room i think .
russia does n't like to be labeled exactly as they are pure evil .
tino spun the wrong way or he 'd have seen campbell .
there is no wrong time to think about those tits
i had the same thing happen conquered some humans as a machine had no food could n't buy food no galactic market yet went bankrupt while waiting on farms to build .
bankruptcy caused all the humans to revolt and suddenly half my empire disappeared .
any thoughts on sabonis ... .hes only performed a handful of games with the kings so we did n't see a full year version of him ... even though he was an all star with the pacers ... .you think he can get to the level with giannis embiid jokic now
also deaaron fox ... he 's already averaging all star like numbers but still has yet to be recognized as a all star because of the kings poor season
his hijack excuse makes no sense for the reason you stated .
they hijacked and created a story 6 hours ago yet they got all the details to his story ?
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/moldymemes/comments/uoxcik/a_collection_of_lyric_memes_i_found 32 32
should make some sort of machine learning controlled auto-stop which monitors a camera feed of the spinner detecting anything else spinning .
if you can handle the gtr in s2 it 's one of the if not the fastest overall car in the game .
1200 hp on 800 kg with racing tires and huge downforce is just insane .
on more handling oriented tracks you can try the koenigsegg ccgt .
scaans nalak28 or esv mars have different tunes for it in their storefront .
in s1 it 's still a beast but not as broken .
if you look for something more balanced try the lotus elise gt1 with scaans or k1z bard tune .
some get horrible sides at a certain level while the other can be completely fine .
there 's no set levels of e2 that you try to aim for during a cycle there 's also no perfect ratio of test to e2 .
it is very beneficial to absorb info like how you respond to test during your first cycle knowing how much your e2 raises on that dosage ho w you respond to that level of e2 .
with this knowledge you can somewhat estimate how your levels would look like on different test amounts .
i 'm so happy we got a fiend this good i downloaded one like this but a blank top .
on top of this his moves new entrance new title motion and victory i stopped missing the real thing even without his music i do n't mind
351 did n't have any coding when i took it heads up .
i can only speak from my experience in 351 as i have n't taken 207 but my roommates all hated 207 and i had a pretty good time with 351 .
not that this works for everybody but my strategy to combat feeling overwhelmed is to use a google doc and create an outline of all my goals and resources .
i highlight my next steps and put bold on the outcome along with crossing out when complete .
i also saved a shortcut for it on my phone so all my notes are always at my fingertips .
that 's like 5-10ish people if you count the fringes .
there are 435 reps total and anything has to go through a single representative to be signed .
assuming you have insurance through your company you will have to use your leave for the first 3 days and then you 'll have to apply through your company 's health insurer for an amount of the remaining time you spend off work .
your company might automatically assume you 'll use your leave instead of going through your insurance might not hurt to ask .
there was a way to apply for a food delivery in tokyo at least but i do n't know how or even if they are still doing that .
that should give you plenty of info on why that idea would n't be plausible .
of course once they fall in and realize they 're trapped their little brains go to work trying to figure a way out .
if mice are at all similar to rats watching my pet rats it 's clear that they make plans .
they 're not very good at executing any plan but they are persistent .
👀 i think i may have been doing it very wrong 😂
what a strange angle you 've taken with this post .
you missed the opportunity to praise a scientist just so you can take some shots at others .
fire is coming from the gpu power connector either psu cables or gpu connector or psu going brrr in the gpu
i mean if you remember generally the events of the second season i see no reason to rewatch it .
the third season reminds you of stuff that happened from the previous season of it 's part of some kind of continuous arc they have going on .
the show has you covered if you do n't want to rewatch it .
to be honest a robotic wickerbeast with some of the other things actually may be what i was looking for .
i made a post a few days ago about this got some solid answers but still want to make sure i do this right .
after rereading the comments on that post i 'm still a touch confused .
i bought tickets when they went on sale this afternoon .
i get off work at 3pm on sunday and figured it would be all good ... 🌞🌞 come to find out that tip off time is dependent on the e coast game tonight ... . never rooted so hard for the celtics in my life lol .
submit to as her personal fucktoy emma watson foot worship
you just literally explained how thats the parents who are at fault here .
diamonds are a terrible investment you can actually buy diamonds cheaper buy the bulk.. whoever told you that sold your ass 😂😂💀
edit he deleted his reply cuz he realized he was wrong 😂😂💀 what a jackass
great audio but kinda wished that the boyfriend would wake up in the middle of them fucking
i 'm able to respect the flopping and it 's not as upsetting since 1 .
the refs falling for that is on the refs not our team playing wrong and 2 .
it 's a very personal decision that i 'm happy i 've made .
i 'm happy to see mine seem to be very responsive to e .
this feature is implemented by last update on 28th april
it 's probably something to do with time zones or it 's a quirk of ao3 's sorting algorithm .
there are bad cyclists sure there are also bad motorists .
bicycles are vehicles and as such are allowed to use the road in the same manner as cars .
some people on bikes ignore the rules some people in cars break the rules .
it 's not one more than the other either but i guarantee that sloppy motorists cause more damage than sloppy cyclists .
i was thinking man this does look pretty bleak then shit got reeeal dark .
you 're saying if they named it super wii it would have sold better ?
if anyone help me i will help and return .
got a white pomeranian named lassie i renamed spud after my real life dog
duct tape around a peanut butter jar would be great .
i would scrub the inside of the jar and cap especially the threads with a toothbrush or dishwashing brush with some dish soap before the final ipa cleanse .
you mentioned straining so i presumed that you would like to continue using the resin that is stored in the jars by removing any cured chunks during the transfer of fluid .
how easy was it to transfer from coinbase to meta mask ?
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/4h06e2itucz81.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
a reminder of the rules for posting and commenting on our sub
this sub is strictly platonic and sfw any users after anything romantic or sexual will be banned this includes users that interact with nsfw subs .
state your age if you are a minor or if you are commenting on a minors post adult users who try to interact with minors will be banned .
if you are a minor and an adult reaches out to you in dms please contact the mods through modmail on the main r/friendship page .
no advertising for any kind of good or services include discord server links
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendship if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's the local guys bruce brown pat that gave us a disproportionate amount of problems
only that center block needs to be glued to the chassis
revenue is n't even necessary you just stop digging the hole deeper by zoning new low density suburbs on all our best farmland and start allowing medium density to be built in our desirable core neighbourhoods .
it 's not a change that has an expense .
i do n't think that a believer in the lp boogeyman is necessarily an automatic marcos supporter .
it would behoove anyone to have some healthy skepticism of any political figure .
none of them are pure if not them then their machinery .
the impressive '' part here is that they are able to take a distrust of lp into pro-marcos and prevent them from being pro-isko/ping/manny instead .
also from my conversations with pro-bbm the chicken vs egg is unclear in a lot of them .
it seems like being pro-bbm came first for many and that resulted into a hatred of lp as a necessary attribute of a good zealot .
chuck really was n't very good at conning anyone .
his attempt to con his ex-wife failed miserably and when he tried to get jimmy he got his ass handed to him .
nothing but it feels good to do good things and i feel lucky to have a sense of self and feel emotions .
when is done it 's done i just miss those that leave before me
3.17 literally just released a week ago ... .. major patches are released quarterly .
your submission has been removed because it contains an emoji or unicode character in the post title .
please use the link below the contact the mods if you have a question about this removal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fantasy if you have any questions or concerns .
to be honest 2-4 hours a week sounds like they wanted you to quit .
you are probably making the right choice for all parties
me you 've been my favorite since gen 1 .
besides kate william got very lucky marrying into the middleton family .
it does n't sound like there 's any resentment between kate pippa and james .
i think this might be the first generation of royals in a long time not to have any tension between the siblings .
additionally anne and edward charting a new path for royal siblings will likely have helped a great deal .
this is why miw is a massive commercially successful grammy award winning musician and john mayer gets laughed at on the internet .
the replies were not what i expected for some reason but are making me realize i was describing the issue in a roundabout way .
the feeling that is worrying me is distinct from drugs i just noticed it through my thoughts on drugs .
i will be bringing this issue up with my therapist as it is purely a mental health thing .
do n't forget to pop back for another visit friend .
shouldst thee needeth contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/patchesemporium subject=about+patches message of r/patchesemporium .
i already have my ccw and is still current but good to know i can hit them up if i ever go past my renewal date .
i am looking for more practical and tactical training advanced type courses .
right now is the first time i 've ever heard that name .
i was sad when they took him out after the first 6 minutes or so .
if a stalemate happened the west would be able to supply ukraine for longer than russia could afford to sustain itself .
very low likelihood that this war hits a stalemate like the last 8 years .
ukraine is now well supplied with drones and howitzers and if they can get rid of more sam systems nato will start supplying ukraine with air power .
when one player gets knocked out of the first round because his roster is n't good enough he has no help and it is n't his fault .
when another guy gets a torn ligament in his shooting thumb broken face gets concussed and loses in 6 in the 2nd round in a series where he only played 4 games because of said concussion he 's the root of the problem .
bruh are you also excited as all hell for f1 22 ?
and the game comes out after my exams are done .
it 's been a while since i 've dusted off the old wheel but i 'll have to for this and in vr
yeah but a battery replacement down the road will probably cost 10-15k which is almost guaranteed not to mention any other issues electric cars can and will have ...
playoff tickets at oracle were n't cheap but they were cheaper than chase center tickets
i can not wait to steal my friends family photos and gift them nfts for christmas .
i hope this was a copypasta because that 's a lot of words that nobody is going to read or care about .
it 's pathetic seeing you try to be condescending .
as if posturing like you 're superior will win you the exchange .
these are the opposite of chaps they cover the ass but not the legs
unfortunately i can only upvote you once because that 's pretty fucking awesome .
i 've seen offspring and social d a bunch of times but a show that small must have been something else .
telus why we pay 3x more for cell service than the world average ...
is bowness the most clueless coach in the league ?
your comment/post was removed because it was deemed harassing/insulting/offensive/trolling .
if you think this removal was in error please if you think this was removed in error please contact us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/oculusquest
because people within a party do n't all have to have exactly the same opinions .
a moot point for anyone with an iota of intelligence as obviously not all spaniards are antonio banderas types .
i have an august 2015 car so it 's a 16 model year right in the middle of the 2 year recall range .
i would be happy to upgrade to a manual turbo but as it is it 's a dreadful driving experience as far as shifting
i rarely make bread but this ... this makes me want to get into it again .
best you 'll ever get from a candidate is we 're totally definitely going to very intensely look at that '' .
none of them will ever answer a direct question .
either boggle is so out of touch with how their game is played or they are incredibly incompetent .
i do n't get why enemies even move and fire back to be honest .
it makes them hard to hit and they 'll just kill you which is literally the opposite of having fun ? ? ?
love to stick my cock in her mouth and pussy
i remember hearing a story that a model-t or other early model car could only go up it in reverse because of the gear ratio .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error please use the send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit .
do not delete this post yourself this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfanspetite message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfanspetite 2fcomments 2fupwadu 2fim_looking_for_someone_to_pump_me_full_of_cum 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
your text post https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/comments/upwjo1/btc_doubts_about_investing_or_not_will_it_be was removed for not having a high enough character count and therefore violating rules 2 5 .
please resubmit as a comment in the daily thread or submit a new post with at least 500 characters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
see the dream address above for the whole castle and island .
kinda funny how supernatural sightings expanded along with technology juuuust until it reached a point of high definition being the norm and then vanished .
treat your child at least as well as your coworker .
i do n't hit my coworkers nor do i yell or demean them .
this means i do n't do any of that with my child. !
especially given that a child does n't have 20 years of social or emotional experience to rely on or the same physical brain .
i talk to both and try to sympathize with them understand why they are upset yet keep boundaries and ensure safety of all .
sure my preschooler is prone to throwing himself on the ground as part of a meltdown but that 's a child .
will i restrain my child if significant harm or property damage will occur ?
restraint is different than hitting or purposefully hurting a child ... . and can not be tolerated under any circumstance . ''
i work in tech and austin is a growing center for tech .
great pay and still affordable housing and land compared to other tech hubs .
it 's amazing how magic is to say i live alone my place .
it ca n't be bred the only way to get a melmetal is through evolving one in pokemon go .
and the melmetal you bring from go ca n't gmax
i live in dallas tx but sort of in the suburbs .
we drove out to the city and mostly just walked around and i showed him a couple of touristy things and we went to parks .
he lives in a small town in northern spain and when i went to visit him we mostly just hung out at his place and spent one day taking a bus to a nearby beach town .
if you do n't my asking where do you live ?
to someone who 's never been there there could be things you find boring b/c you live there but to someone who 's never been it could be fun .
thurman vs boots would be the fight to make but thurman 's planning to make his comeback in 2026 .
my ex did n't know what a vulva was .
they should have been good enough and yet the same result .
eating too much sodium can cause your body to retain too much water ...
if she is on a hunger strike does she just pee in a bucket ?
fortunately i have not had to interact with any of them yet .
do you have a switch blade for protection or bear spray ?
interestingly it went away about 8:25 but at the same time lattency went way up from 30ms to 100ms to some random places .
hopefully they 're just doing some sort of maintenance or something and that goes back down .
i was just about to come in here and ask how they could have flopped so bad in the televote since so many people loved them ... .and i am pretty sure you just gave the answer .
we broke up like 240 years ago i tried to block you but then you come and burn my house down in 60 years later in 1812 .
i already filed a restraining order do n't start telling people we 're still a thing !
i mean that 's the sworn court testimony of the former ercot ceo .
so you can take it for what it 's worth in regards to the cost .
in regards to the 3 days estimate that 's the results of a study from the london economics international and funded by the vistra corp one of the states biggest electricity generators .
this is why baseball is such a mental game .
stand there for an eternity between pitches thinking about your impending doom/glory
uhm i do n't think you get to decide whether it 's a space opera .
like most people consider it just that it 's on several versions of the cover i think it 's described as that by george rr martin .
does n't mean you like it or have to like it you do n't have to like every space opera out there .
keep on fighting back whenever she hits you and call the cops on her as soon as possible .
we are the second largest economy in canada one of the richest areas on the planet .
it 's not a 10 billion transfer out of a 380 billion economy that 's gon na make a difference .
that 's is 1000 true the more and longer you do it the more your mind body will pay .
it 's been off and on for close to 3 years the last 2 years almost daily with breaks in between only for withdrawals .
each time i withdrawl i can tell you it got harder and harder to bounce back where this last time was so different and absolutely frightening i really felt i broke my brain/mind and am relearning everything like it 's the 1st time .
monday will mark a month i 've been off blues i never thought i 'd be able to do it .
count yourself lucky you only have a month it .
taper what you have left and never quit and never look back .
could have led their teams but decided to be dickheads instead .
i wonder if your technique with gua sha may be the reason for that ?
i recommend learning from the free 21 day email series from the brand wilding beauty to learn the proper way to use the stones !
also make sure you are using enough hydrosol face oil to keep it slippery and sliding along the skin to not cause any bruising or redness
i would n't put it past penders to try and claim ownership of them ... .
he changed their names and gave slight differences to their designs ergo original char donut steel ! !
commit to your mother she gave you everything since you were born now give her everything
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
did n't realize a pat to the stomach was a yellow .
i have n't thought of kids using it especially since kids have been smoking pot and taking edibles forever and since vapes became a thing i 'd imagine they 're more popular with teenagers then juuls and the like .
you can always tell it 's a legal state because holy shit some places smell like a weed farm is on fire especially during harvest season .
i 'm allergic to it so it being so heavily used outdoors even though that 's illegal sucks so hard because i can easily have a reaction
i 've gained 8kg and someone said to me that 's probably your lifestyle but thats stayed the same since taking medication
kind of agree ciara has been killing it with her wedding guest looks though
it 'll be something else in the next couple of years .
if anything getting tats now are just engaging in said fad .
i have an american eskimo too.. they are identical .
ours is 10 years old but still has a lot of energy like a puppy
why has the toasted almond one been scrubbed from existence ?
we 're probably just gon na have to wait then maybe it 's too soon after the event
if you need it to work do n't buy it from walmart .
well damn i 'm sorry my experience does n't conform to your preconceived notions .
the landlords like all other man love to reap where they never sowed and demand a rent for even the natural produce of the earth
this happens on every post that reaches a certain threshold lmao .
am consistently surprised with the general public 's internet literacy .
i 'm only 8 months in but feel free to look at my pics .
all my family 's women are well endowed as well
i never said it 's a better idea i said it 's inconsequential one small thing they let happen while they found a real solution
i may not have been fully paying attention here but did he outline any key factors that suggest that bubble is going to pop sometime soon ?
or is the title just playing off of my desire for hopium ?
your submission was automatically removed because redgifs.com is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blowjobs if you have any questions or concerns .
why do i need to pretend do believe in something that i do n't believe exists to appease you ?
what exactly is even depressing about being an atheist ?
so we got stuck with the shittier version of federer ?
gravity lance shooting black holes would probably decimate anything hit by it
3-2 series lead and 3-2 lead in game 6 is n't choking ?
but the animator did confirm that the person in the video is 19 ?
thank you u/porcineprincess for posting your submission has been successfully posted in r/inkedsluts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/inkedsluts if you have any questions or concerns .
one of the better ones i went to was when we took the groom to the local airport first bought him a flying lesson then we all went karting and ended with a barbecue .
options are plentiful and in my circle it is kind of common that all friends chip in for the party so it 's not as painful for the best man 's wallet .
i 'm tired i read little free panties are pooping up in my town .
ah so you 've never suffered the fate of using gyro controls in dream team ?
you would n't believe how fucking common it is for racists to just assume every white person is just like them ... especially in the south
all i 'm saying is that it 's pretty bad advice to tell doctors and nurses they should forcibly resist arrest and ultimately go to jail .
fear of making mistakes has only held me back .
you are only training yourself to not speak and think spontaneously plus making mistakes a lot opens yourself up to correction .
catching your own mistakes after you make them helps a lot too .
i will give you a tse harpoon for this and the 10mm ?
also the whole feeling like your attraction to men is n't straight is actually something i experienced as well .
i have vague recollection of in high school feeling like i was attracted to men but not in a straight way and i also developed crushes on gay men an embarrassing amount of times the last one actually being my current partner funnily enough he started developing feelings for me a month or two before i realized i was trans and had a whole sexuality crisis .
i guess i just gave off trans vibes and he subconsciously knew lol
just some mentally inept incels who unfortunately are in admin positions that wan na ruin subs for literally no reason but to arouse their mental retardation
do u think indian armed forces will just sit and watch lol
she brought up a similar experience her cohost had with the same person .
i 'll suck on an innie until it becomes an outie
buncha neckbeards in here so far i thought that shit was funny .
exactly also it 's blocking a massive shoes pump and dump prices gst and gmt which could kill the project or make it late
and making this meme i came to an epiphany about ichigo and his hollow .
so i made three more memes referencing this movie .
to spice them up a bit one uses the manga the other the anime and finally a generic meme template .
and straight romance is a thing and no one considers it fetishization so why would bl be considered fetishization .
anyone saying bl is considered fethishization it 's giving very much you do n't want gay people to be represented/homophobia/internalized homophobia .
im honestly having so many bugs i feel like its from the app it self i 'm not able to get any new matches the app is so laggy the daily rewards can come after two days and more !
make a hot sauce and cut the heat with peppers/tomatoes
where does it say in the tweet that they showed it in a way to the admins that it could not be exploited
my opinion is you should try a little less .
out of the corner if his eye he can see isaac awaken the vampire holds him by the shoulders against a wall
you should 've just taken what i offered why dud your join the kind we hate ? ''
those are the ranks he reached by achieving the primal status .
think of them like medals but etched in an emblem
how dare they cut out the soldier checking out zeke https i.pinimg.com/originals/fe/c2/42/fec2427206c66b832290d51ecb3be69b.jpg
if this is hard to read then you do n't know cringe and i envy you because not much makes me cringe anymore .
it drives them fucking nuts how easily we are able to find extremely willing men to have sex .
it 's 330 in the morning and if i so desired i could walk outside right now and be back with a dude dtf in like ten mins and i 'm pushing 40 and need to lose ten lbs hahhaa
i found many song on spotify wich makes me shift easier !
i made a playlist it 's called therian 🌿🐾🪶 ''
yeah i though that 's the only version of the avenger defense were the ayy lmaos actually try to destroy the avenger .
so i was curious if you got that without the chosen having full knowledge or something .
it probably has more to do with his genes than anything but i 'm glad he 's happy with his height .
tbf both him and jungwon eat tenten but jungwon is still a cute tiny baby lol
gender neutral options if somebody chooses the left they 're no better than those other ones
i had two 14 hour days of concrete work starting at 4:00am and yesterday friday while at work i broke my phone screen .
was able to get a new one shipped and delivered same day but to my parents house 45 minutes from work about an hour from home .
filled it back up and could t tell where it was coming from .
made it a mile or two down the road and car starts over heating .
not a care or ounce of frustration was had or felt .
in fact while stranded on the side of the road i meditated had a dance party sang as loud as i could and paid some credit card bills while waiting .
the worst part is that anyone with a functioning brain cell can assess that someone like this guy and this agenda is n't letting a ccw law stop him from killing innocents .
some of the more mainstream subreddits clown the security guard for not being able to stop this shooter even though he landed a center mass hit that only did n't stop him because he had quality body armor .
i 'm not saying a society where you are strapped to go buy milk is ideal but if people willing to murder think that someone might engage them with a concealed weapon that might deter them and therefore save lives
as long as she/he/them consent to body touching it 's all good .
also as an introvert who is now an ambivert and is near to extrovert i think we introverts used to overthink personal links with other people .
people literally dont care about what you wear eat drink live etc unless they are the vella shallow minded colony ki aunty type people .
for prove have you ever looked at someone and judged them how they walk talk or had an itch about their anything related to them ?
same way others also dont give an f about what you do .
i keep getting suggestions for a 'loveforlandlords ' page .
it is the most boomer propaganda i have ever seen .
i 've used propaint before and it is a glycerin based paint .
in face painting when using water activated solid cakes there 's usually two options wax based or glycerin based .
almost all of the water activated solid cakes have some amount of both but they tend to either be heavier in the wax or heavier in the glycerin .
sometimes people will use hard to describe wax and soft to describe glycerin .
mostly because you can tell what base a cake is by pressing it .
if it resists and does n't indent it 's probably wax and if it 's pliable and indents it 's probably glycerin .
wax based are better for line work and glycerin are better for foundation .
it 's not impossible to use it for line work but it 's not going to look as opaque or be as easy as a wax base .
you wo n't be able to get inky consistency with glycerin really .
it 'd actually be helpful to see a video of you activating the paint and applying it to give good feedback on how to improve .
i see on ren tech 's latest 13f they sold their entire 9.05 position in cei by march 31st .
not trying to spread fud just letting people know .
may have nothing to do with expectations around the sec filings .
some eurovision fans tend to be utterly delusional even when their favourite entry fails at their performance .
france was originally my favourite too but it was crystal clear that their performance in the grand final was simply not good .
the traveler is low key always flirting with jean it was a matter of time
3 years is now somehow considered an age gap '' ?
what the fuck is in his goddamned water there ? !
i agree why ruin those shoes but it 's smart to wear shoes of some sort in the water to protect your feet in shallow areas
thank for your submission on r/thethiccness for all degrees of thiccness .
r/chubbygirlsgw a body positive sub for chubby girls and those that love them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thethiccness if you have any questions or concerns .
give bernardo silva a try at st i played him alongside captain ben yedder he 's averaging 1 goal 1 assist per game .
people are saying he 's ill and zaha looks like a good option this week .
i adore her personality and her fashion sense however i find her game decisions which have been thoroughly explained by above comments ... extremely questionable to say the least .
family members say the woman 's vehicle was totaled in the crash but she was not injured .
they say when she was putting her drinks into the car 's cup holder she accidentally knocked the gear shift into neutral without realizing it .
highway patrol confirms they responded to the crash at 9:30 a.m. on monday may 9 .
family members who reached out to wect say the woman in the video was charged with dwi but not arrested .
they questioned how she would have been able to get back inside a moving car if she had been impaired .
they also said her blood alcohol level was .00 .
she was cited for failing a field sobriety test .
family members say she has struggled with addiction in the past but had been clean for months when she crashed her car .
they say the ugly comments about the crash on social media have been difficult for her to deal with .
and apparently she was getting out of her car to grab a condiment .
she may have relapsed and done something stupid but it kinda sounds like it was just a freak accident .
is it wise to have people risk their retirement in an economy so bad that its hospital system has fallen over while the lnp refused to help https www.smh.com.au/politics/federal/scott-morrison-rejects-states-pleas-for-more-hospital-funding-20211001-p58wjr.html and has failed so badly some bushfire help has not been given years later and has failed so badly that years into a pandemic there are still complaints of lack of planning https independentaustralia.net/politics/politics-display/australia-suffered-from-having-no-pandemic-plan,15139 .
an economy so failed by public policy up to a quarter of people were reported food insecure before the fires and floods and pandemic ?
where over 9 years of lnp billions were rorted https www.smh.com.au/politics/federal/fallen-well-short-of-standards-audit-slams-immigration-department-over-nauru-and-manus-island-contracts-20170117-gtsvb0.html
an economy that is doing so baldy it can not afford a dollar pay rise and where even soldiers are unable to access their rights due to deliberate pollical interference with staffing https www.abc.net.au/news/2022-04-15/act-department-veterans-affairs-admits-failures-royal-commission/100993710 .
with government that many feel treats the elderly as cash cows for churches and corporates https www.thesenior.com.au/story/6917556/report-to-royal-commission-shows-most-aged-care-homes-are-making-a-profit this would seem not good time to be risking retirement .
risking retirements seems very dodgy when we know the elderly in private care may be abused yet the government is currently cutting services and removing requirments https www.smh.com.au/politics/federal/government-targets-aged-care-over-servicing-by-physiotherapists-20220318-p5a5wy.html .
under the new model it will be up to aged care providers to decide if these treatments are necessary .
this feels to me like variation on telling people to get a better job and their policy is that real incomes should fall .
for the central bank governor it 's controversial to say wage growth should be stronger so that 's got quite a lot of news so i hope that helps lift wage expectations he told the house of representatives economics committee on friday .
got it from the first hosea mission in chapter 4
this was there to help us remember sprig 's life has continued .
a spinoff either means a show without the girls which are the best part of the series or destroying their ending and message for money and to drain off the brand .
i honestly do n't want it to know where to draw an ending is really important .
i do want matt and all the creatures to move on to the next show !
ah for charge speed i just assumed it matched the chargers .
when my girlfriend bought it they said it preconditions when you navigate to a charger .
from what i 'm seeing around it 's supposed to come ‘soon ' .
hey op just realised i probably should offer something actually helpful not just bitch about the walnut scrub lol .
if you 'd like to learn about how to take better care if your skin i highly recommend stopping by r/skincareaddiction or r/asianbeauty the latter is dedicated to korean skincare products not a fetish forum i swear !
both of those subs really helped me to understand how to look after my skin and get my routine sorted out .
i 'm happy to help you figure things out if you have any questions cos it can be a bit overwhelming at first !
i 'm no expert but happy to help either way
yeah i love the content but also the accent !
we ended up talking for another 30 minutes after the recording which is usually a pretty good indication that we were all interested in the topics .
i know there are the peripheral costs too but it still just seems insanely steep in comparison to what i am paying here .
there maybe other hardware/software issues present in your computer already using tl for the past 1 year never had to deal with any bsods
i really did n't enjoy my insert 90 consumed drink/food and would like to exchange/comp '
such a shady practice and ca n't stand people to take advantage of restaurants or other people 's goodwill .
i do n't know if i 'm a better person i can say sometimes i really hate them both for everything they 've done ... but i understand what you 're saying .
i also like the idea of having fake conversations with the parents to kind of get it out and take some power back .
i 've done this as well but might do it more .
despite all the stuff that 's happened i still never feel like i truly have a right to speak up .
carter is tenacious on d and can occasionally make a 3 .
hill just looks completely lost out there gets hunted on switches and had 5 fouls to go with his zero points .
i do n't think it 's about making it easier .
i think when you are fighting the controls.. and not the game .
theirs no skill in the lock up of getting your feet stuck next to some rubble .
it 's just an on or off switch with the gun being raised .
i get that pubg has a mechanical feel to it but these things in my opinion should have been ironed out by now
you mean you do n't have a world inside your thoughts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/liluzivert if you have any questions or concerns .
man reading this post or any posts of similarity to this is such an eye opener when you get comments like such .
i think socials skewed my mind so much in a sense that there 's no other side when it comes to certain subjects .
such as relationships i 've read so many comments/posts of strangers and this experiences and what age and numbers etc and i 'm like damn these some crazy stuff .
but than i 'll read comments as this and more before and it hits me the ones always boasting is the minority in most cases or in the case of me always reading about that side of relationships and what 's not .
but there 's a bigger portion of people who 's waiting for the right person who has more self respect for themselves who do n't need to share everything online who just do n't care .
and honestly it 's a fresh of breath air .
i just recently got out of a 3yr relationship and it fucking sucks i 'm still a young lad but that 's all i knew for 3yrs was her and her right out the gate of 18 .
so i 'm just at this point of loneliness when i used to had it all .
and if sucks so much to not be able to go back to the person who was your other half to tell them the littlest shit like how your day was .
i hope everyone finds their perfect other half someday whether it be 35 25 29 40 etc .
i just hope you find that person and cherish them until the very end .
i wish i knew what i had when it mattered the most before it was all gone .
goddamn watching mcdavid just makes me want bedard on this team even more .
what i would n't give to watch talent like that on our team in every game .
a higher focus on mental health especially in young men and boys this of course does n't necessarily apply to all mass shooters but many of them have displayed serious mental health issues prior to shootings .
i know a whole lot of people wo n't want to hear it but these so called common sense gun laws do nothing to stop these attacks it might make it more difficult and even illegal to obtain such firearms but where there 's a will there 's a way .
look at what happens in new york new york has some of the strictest gun laws in the entire country yet it also has some of the highest levels of gun violence .
i also firmly believe that more people should be considering getting a concealed carry license or even simply open carrying not just because of mass shootings but crime in general has been on the rise in recent years .
it is also extremely wise to take classes on shooting and gun handling/safety if you intend on carrying regardless of whether or not your state has laws requiring them for ccw
i also think we need to place more focus on gang related violence this may be slightly off topic but mass shootings only account for a very small percentage of gun deaths in the u.s the vast majority of gun deaths are gang related so i feel that we need to start focusing less on the spectacle of mass shootings and focus more on the every day violence we see in inner city areas .
yet he considers them the best teams he 's ever played for
yeah it 's oozes right outta where he injects his steroids .
welp another episode where i cried 🤣 this show gets me all in my feelings !
when they do n't call things he turns into angry mcdavid .
i was just researching a new psu for my gf new pc when i learned my ax1200i has a 10yrs warranty !
i originally got it to sli two 980ti 's !
oh the mistakes i 've made and things i 've learned since then !
aka f sli and i 'm glad it 's basically dead
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
it means they think that you 're an awful person for actually having standards and wanting your partner to have enough class and respect as to not outright stare and behave bewitched by another person 's body .
they think that women not wanting their male significant others not acting like horny kids is lame '' .
because a cool chill girl '' would totally just let her male partner eyefuck other women and bonus points if she 's a doormat who also lets him sit on the sofa she paid for while she pays rent cooks and cleans while he sits on his ass all day playing xbox live or some shit .
just saying there 's nothing wrong with women who would be fine with this sort of behavior and there 's nothing even wrong with women who would find their mates ogling someone else to be awful .
it 's just absurd that everyone commenting assumes that all women who would expect better are automatically zero chill stereotypes of insecure partners it honestly says so much more about themselves tbh .
mmmm i 'd love for you to ride me !
it is his kicking leg and jan checked a lot of them plus his other leg started getting fucked so he started putting more weight on the right one
i would say try a sorcerer or a fire mage build since they are both the secret easy mode but you have certainly given the game a fair shake .
all about that bass at least does n't make me squirm when i hear it
my mom my two best friends my birth and my uncles upcoming wedding .
i 'm finally going to be able to see the great redwood forest
idk i like pink floyd but couple of things that catch the eye before that
sarah calling colin weird/making fun of him for like the 4th time this season has alr been played out tho the time spent in the dressing room was probably the funniest any of the 4 or 3 maybe idk anymore have been
when the people at the head of a games studio chosen to only make money at the alpha '' phase it means end of project period .
the board is a prime example who in their right mind trust that board of directors and ceo ?
at the most the only person that qualifies to a degree is erin who has some success coming from a games studio that developed lego games ...
it 's a scam at this point 👉 legatus plus every other iterations of ridiculously crafted money grabbing ideas .
so many fucking micro transactions jpegs for sale without any developement .
presentation make it look big people will buy into it scam model .
hundreds of millions spent other then developing the project '' .
first seen here https redd.it/qo7qsz on 2021-11-06 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' upyo2a '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=upyo2a samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
i appreciate the story mode in the same way that most people appreciate eye-candy action flicks its a fun exciting adventure .
i always appreciated all the scripted sequences in cod campaigns because they make things feel so big .
flooded cities with huge waves flowing down the street planes crashing etc .
some people genuinely do n't know they 're pregnant until very late some people bleed and interpret it as a period some people are very poorly educated on the symptoms of pregnancy etc .
this is particularly true for very young people teenagers that could be pregnant due to rape or incest sexual abuse .
further for many people the cost of an abortion is very steep .
it takes time to gather the funds get time off work and find a way to get to a clinic near them .
so this bill further disenfranchises the poorest and most vulnerable people .
helps to know what to expect if/when we catch it !
voting round 2 for cats and dogs is now live for the national pet month contest !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean that 's all they were planning for right ?
i feel like any bodies found now 6 decades later are n't really a big deal mission accomplished .
it 's best to keep a negative attitude and downvote everyone everytime they make a valid point you ca n't disprove .
the reddit hive mind tells you that you must win !
i am sure it will work out great for you .
lucy bane but i have the perfect gear set up for him .
wo n't be so glad when i have to drive all the way back to buffalo tomorrow .
the reply was but my hand are not in contact with pee and i wash myself in my shower ''
it really depends on the culture and puberty if you go by the standards of the bible
lol no you 're thinking of homeland security or even a fugitive team i would like to get into that one day but no
i remember you in my prayers when you start working on
i believe those are like really really bad weapons .
it is really irritating when you get the jump on enemy outplay him start shooting first and end up dead because your weapon is not good enough .
like tdm servers are great but over half of the players are using aek and when you try to rank up kills with slow firing weapons like u-100 mk5 or g36c it makes you to lose your mind .
oh good i 'm glad you have a pro to advise you .
some puppies just take a while to adjust to being alone .
playing games going in and out of the crate is helpful but he probably just went from sleeping in a pile of littermates to alone in a crate and it 's a shock .
there are various things people use like heartbeat sounds and stuffed toys to try to make the transition easier but most of my puppies have just torn those things to shreds so a bare crate has been safest .
i try to keep it near my bed so the pup can see or hear me and knows i 'm nearby but it 's no guarantee of a good nights sleep .
still the first night or two does n't necessarily predict that things will stay that way .
some puppies scream like mad day one and are sleeping through the night in no time .
i would have a chat with your family so they 're forewarned but i would n't worry too much things may look complete differently in two or three days .
it really should 've blown up by all accounts especially on this sub being essentially a re zero/higurashi lovechild with higher stakes .
can just hope it continues to pick people up with the extended run it 's got .
when was there a journalists that mentioned a carti x ye album
second off ! no your character will not get recycled into a new aeon because you were never created in the first place thus you can not be recycled into anything else !
also because you 're still technically at least part mortal on aeon ! even if you do close the worldwound the normal way without erasing yourself aeon commander does n't cease to exist .
likely because as i stated you 're still part mortal and have your own autonomy outside of the monad !
i made piece with knowing i will die alone and the two times i had sex will my only ones in my lifetime .
you can better appreciate the shape on the back of the shoe .
i think that todays yeezy have lost that essence ... kinda sad
after alpha was struck by lightning the burn required skin grafting and the sunburned skin healed automatically .
after alpha fell the wound was put on a band-aid .
these are all proofs that the a7 robot is organic .
i am trying to get into ese 215 though i do n't have much advice with taking both classes i am happy to work with you for one of the classes if i can get it .
personally i feel like doing some of the work with some will relief some of the anxiety and stress the fact you can have a consistent lab partner for the lab section so pm if you 're down and i 'll let you know if i am able to register for the class
i hope you like a big load hitting you nice and hard .
you fucking dumbass i try to have a real conversation your bot literally belittles anyone that mentions any keywords with low hanging fruit
just ban me so i never see a post from this cumguzzling community again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
may she have endless play time in doggy heaven .
a different supervisor screwed up making the schedule and put her down to work a day that she has n't ever worked because she 's taking care of her mental health .
if you want to argue that she should n't have lied to get the day off ok you may have a point there .
but to say that she 's being immature and irresponsible because she 's placing a priority on her mental health shows a real lack of caring and understanding on your part .
your mental health is part of your overall health and should be treated as such .
if she takes a mental health day every monday and her boss is okay with that it 's not on you to change it .
she can take it up with her boss you need to butt out .
hello we only allow people with an account age of 7 days to post in our community .
this is to deter promotional spammers and limit the amount of bots coming to our community to post non fortnite related content .
please do not message the moderator team as they are not able to bypass this restriction .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
u/aquarelablue is a confident beauty and a beast d you are important even if you do n't think so .
life is not easy but you know how to figure stuff out .
you deserve a big hug now and you have a great sense of humour i 'm sad that you live so far away and we ca n't do silly things together .
impossible to know without knowing what the current purpoulsion power is to create the current speeds or knowing the drag coefficients on the ship itself .
drag is proportional to velocity squared and there is a wall '' that builds up infront of ships that slows them down also similar to air wave to planes breaking sound barrier so adding to the top speed take alot more than the initial speed .
so that being said i do n't think it would do much
after talking with some armchair real estate people they seem to thinkthere 's gold in combining these two properties and getting them changedto commercial . ''
if you could get your uncle to sell his property with yours at the same time you could form what is known as an assemblage .
as an assemblage you will most likely get more money than you would have by selling the lots individually .
you may find under current zoning you can build more on the combined lots than you can on individual lots .
there are two things that are absolutely key the size of the lots and what the current zoning allows .
for instance if the current zoning allows for multiple units on the lot or to build multiple floors or mixed use commercial on the bottom residential on the top .
then there could be a significant increase in appreciation .
also with everything going on in that area there is the very real possibility that your properties zoning may already allow for commercial .
here are some things you can do on your own to get some info on the properties .
in the us you would go to the county tax appraiser website and look up the property by address or owner name .
once you have the property pulled up note the square footage listed then look for zoning code this may differ from the land use code .
it will most likely be something cryptic like rm-12 or b-2 or t5 o-20 .
once you find the appropriate zoning code read what is allowable .
for instance in miami rm-12 allows for 12 units per acre so if your and your uncles land combined are .5 acre then 6 units could potentially be built on the land it is a bit more complicated than that but i wont bore you with set back and parking requirements .
the next thing you can do is hire a appraiser to find out what the land is actually worth including things that may be attached to the land that you may be unaware of and may be more valuable than the land .
tdrs can be sold to a developer to add greater density the ability to build more units to the developers project .
if the appraisal price is enough that you consider selling talk to an experienced real estate attorney .
find one that is an escrow agent title attorney and who is also an experienced litigator in the event a potential buyer tries to pull a fast one .
then find an experience real estate broker to work with preferably one that has had multiple land sales with the developers in your area .
that 's why part of russia 's mo is to forcibly move russian speaking people to a region then invade to protect them
and let 's get takeout every night to plump you up forever for a meal i 'll never be able to finish
only in areas where men are commonly shirtless beach and lakes and such .
even then that varies by state and county and specific beach .
it 's absolutely still illegal to be nude in any way in a store parking lot ...
humans can coexist with much worse for a long time .
yeah i 'm going to call bullshit on this .
p1 and p2 first try does n't make it any more believable .
the information presented in the ascension glossary reflects the guardian perspective of the ascension timeline 2012 timelines and beyond intended as support both energetically and educationally for the galactic families of humanity .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
if i am a rich person and someone wants me to jump though a hoop before i am able to see the product they are selling .
i saw one yesterday on the bed of a truck near cleveland getting hauled west .
i freaked out but my buddy did n't get the hype .
every single one of these people make more than average .
insecure childish gamers hate sbmm because it shows how good they are not how good they think they are .
that is a possibility since he had the power of creation .
not in the eu they 're not allowed to they have to play follow the leader '' regardless of the consequences
because i do t think you realize how hard it is so do for something that 's so obvious when you 're reading it .
that is something addicts myself included former addict of many things fool ourselves into believing so we can be victims and absolve ourselves of responsibility for our actions .
this is a hard truth you have to accept .
unless he wants to help himself and only himself not for the sake of others that type of selfishness for him to sort himself out will spill over into improving the life health and well-being of all of those around him .
out of the ones you have everybody knows this is nowhere .
thank you for sharing and i hope things look up 🤍
it 's definitely going down as an achievement in my book lol
mmmm u know i love ur booty my sweet julia😈😈
i think it was either the benton propolis or the ghost oil .
probably some other options too cause allure is doing this annoying thing with multiple variations now 😒
how the ref does n't see this with a perfect angle is shocking .
you showed me yours now i 've got to show you mine .
my cat gets excited about small critters but rabbits do n't interest her .
i 'm not sure if she 's afraid but she definitely has no desire to chase one lol i 'm curious how a close encounter would go but not curious enough to let it happen lol
there 's been enough said in this thread about did being a troublesome disorder .
i agree with that but there 's more to it .
part of the reason it 's wrong to want this disorder is because that encourages non-disordered people to want it as well .
people find it interesting and weird like the freak shows of old .
they like seeing drama and did can be erroneously viewed as a one-person soap opera .
this means that some of them will inevitably decide that trauma is n't a requirement to have did .
they come up with terms like paro genic '' to explain why they decided to co-opt a real disorder and terms like sys medicalism '' to shut down the real science that says why they 're wrong .
i do n't think it 's necessary for me to explain just how disgusting that is .
360s are pure luck and most killers do n't fall for it and just turn their camera with the survivor still hitting the survivor .
yeah i was talking about the weight lifting sign in the pic .
for what it 's worth i do n't see how weightlifting movements can add up to your muscle mass and fabric growth .
a random ass cat followed me in as i was entering my house and i 'm not sure what i 'm going to do .
do i go knocking on doors asking if anyone knows where they 're from ?
they do n't look like a stray but who knows for sure .
i am ei and its like people have 2 opinions for me that they are the exact opposite .
some think i am way younger than i am really are but especially when i was 19-22 people thought i was 29 !
now i am 29 some people even ask me if i am over 18 and some others just think i look in my age .
also most people that do n't know my character behave me like i am the ultimate naive girl who can take advantage of her and they all underestimate my intelligence .
while others seems to understand i am clever and wise .
some men treat me like i am super innocent and naive and others are super suspicious with me like i am gon na eat them money .
moves into a empty village and i to preset killzones .
if it 's running that 's a 10k-20k truck depending on rust and engine and interior .
does bartending have a 401k pension great health insurance or the possibility to make significant more be the time you 're 40 ?
i usually have to go second wind and doran 's shield in most mid matchups because honestly my positioning is n't that great yet .
it just sucks having to take a doran 's shield on an assassin-type champion .
i know i 'm not the only one who goes shield in mid so i know it 's not just my poor positioning .
but other mid laners have wave clear pyke does n't .
you 're sitting thing taking 15 seconds to clear a wave and then the next wave comes .
to me it feels like a freeze 😂 pyke mid was good because you could say fuck cs and go farm champs .
i was told he went to an amazing home by the workers when i went back to get him .
the good news is i still have my other dog and i even picked up another one both little ankle biters but they 've helped me so much !
turgut was the only one who was developed from being an alp to a bey .
ertugrul use to listen to the advice artuk bey turgut use to give him .
on the other boran stays idle when next to osman .
even konur alp who 's obviously not based on a fictional character brings more to the table .
however the sad thing is the importance they 've given to fictional characters like malhun has taken a lot away from characters like goktug who left boran aygul even bala to a certain extent but they 've changed it up after the time jump .
open to small plants but hoping for something with a bit of variegation ie not reverted .
might be a long shot someone 's bingo square just got filled but shooting my shot '' there 's another one .
would sell for 195 plus 12 priority shipping but only if i ca n't find a trade .
sorta depends on what materials you 're washing what condition they 're in what tip you use and how close you hold the gun .
practice first on the sidewalk and some other materials to get the feel for it start far away and pull in gently until debris comes off but you 're not stripping paint or tearing up wood .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=ghijgdehjjds .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
it is okay if those numbers are behind the scenes but if it 's something the player has to keep track of even in interactive format i think it may prove a little daunting for the crowd .
i wholeheartedly agree but still use the bubble cap cause i can see the color of the wax as i hit the rig
weird not familiar with any birds that call at night around here except for the occasional owl .
i know grackles can be noisy at dusk but they eventually calm down and roost
ice-t would like to talk to you about your car 's extended warranty ...
i logged in on another device and the shift just continues on the other device .
honestly how did a song about eating grandma not win ? ?
if anyone is still looking for this one it is under a power pylon n and slight e of camp mcclintock .
they all seem really blurry i am going quite fast though
yea he was bound for a bad race eventually .
not the amount of things it 's the amount of 'speed ' you can use at once .
so if device a is using 50mbps and device b is using 30mbps then that means device c can only use a max of 20mbps .
keep the aim assist at 100 and idk what you 're sensitivity is at but i have it at 100 .
not that big of an issue to deal with pc players although some night bird players are insanely good .
i 'm not a fan of the electric variant .
the only other dairy-free shakes that i know of are in portland .
edersons distribution style helps us so much and when i watch the dreadful quality of other teams play out the back i can see how vital ederson is for us but yeah you 're right .
this discussion needs to be had but unfortunately with the higher ups i doubt it will be .
at edersons age i doubt there are going to be many changes in his game at this point .
unfortunately to win a cl you have to have a bit of luck and have the dice roll your way sometimes .
this means that occasionally your goalkeeper has to save shots that they have no buisness saving .
look at all the recent ucl winners/finalists and there are multiple instances in each respective campaign where their gks just make world class saves that they definitely should not be making .
the advanced stats that people are using here do n't tell the whole story tbh .
ofc there are multiple variables to this like how porous our defense has looked at times .
but if we 're being honest i do n't think any city fan realistically has confidence in ederson to make some of the saves that neuer sa ramsdale de gea allison navas cortois etc have made to save their respective teams .
call me pessimistic but it feels like every shot on target at ederson results in a goal .
if a shot is n't directly at his chest or face ... it 's a goal .
tamko love story you have to watch the series tamako market first
i 've alway loved you the moment you fall in love our love has always been 10cm apart the first two are movies the third one is 6ep long series i do n't know in which order you must wath them though
after i wrote this comment this ad was in my feed https www.reddit.com/user/weighsafe/comments/axfzf4/look_at_what_could_happen_when_you_get_your ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf
not my field but if these services were included per their agreement at the lower cost would n't what the salesman was trying to do be considered fraud ?
atari 520 ste was my first real computer and i had a 30mb external scsi hard drive with it .
i learned gfa basic on that bad boy and remember the 525 pages manual that i read so many times .
she took off for the 3rd time 10 years ago but i 'm the bad one .
if everyone gets a vote we will end up with someone like trump .
now we know where tupac been hiding out ice cube tried to let us know in ghost of mars 🤥😅
lol the only men '' who have to post this immature shit are men '' who do n't actually like women .
i 'd agree that it is exploitative but there does n't seem to be redemption here since there is no remorse
why did n't wanda just go to a universe where she is dead but her kids are alive and just raise them ?
hell there is even a world we see that is nothing but paint people lol .
also another few things that are dumb is that wong helps her after she threatens kill a few random soldiers but at the end is willing to sacrifice that girl for the greater good .
then the ending where she just expects to show up and kill the kids real mom in front of them while wearing a witch costume and expect them to love her lol .
your post on r/teamredditteams was automatically removed because you did not follow the title requirements .
all plat community looking for members in every region .
feel free to post again with the proper formatting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teamredditteams if you have any questions or concerns .
no they have been in there when i first set up the pond it was very over crowded but after getting rid of many of the fish using correct filtration and and getting the parameters under control i have n't had an issue in months till i wake up and find all the koi have died
is n't it so much better to just accept your place in the natural order ?
now be a good boy and share a link in the comments to the interracial porn that you just tugged your little clitty to .
remember a white boi watching interracial porn must be visible in all posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whiteboysex if you have any questions or concerns .
there was a bit of drama cause people were accusing rza of biting
i used it as an example of how a constitutional right is managed differently in different states duty to retreat stand your ground castle doctorine etc .
it is very similar in that yes murder in self defense is legal so in certain circumstances murder is legal .
this was to illustrate the difference in the grouping conventions not to talk about parallels in morals between advocating murder and advocating abortion .
you are misunderstanding the argument that you brought up about the way of grouping people 's beliefs .
he just disappeared and did n't even try to bring the ball up .
i do n't even know what a baboon does or even is .
we should just straight up ask him on tweeter if he is part of ncd .
edit okay some one just asked him where he got it from if he replies this could be it we can become credible .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'original content ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly the reffing was pretty shitty across the board i watched most of the games hoping to see the annual leaf collapse !
in face i think in game 7 the reffing favored the leafs they were given a lot of leeway when they were behind .
this why you take the opportunity when it 's in front of you she longgg goneee
what 's the course record for this 18 hole layout ?
edit i now realize this is a golf course not the same as the first two rounds .
question still stands though ... kid is on a tear
that looks like a high point carbine so ya it could have hollow points
imho crypto needs more real world utility beyond attempts with nfts
we have extensive resources that can be used to find answers to most questions that are posted here
your thread will be removed if it can be answered by any of the above .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gainit if you have any questions or concerns .
my brother has mild adhd and i would just like to understand better
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/spotted/comments/uqjco7/orange_weissach_918_spyder_spotted_in_monaco in r/spotted was automatically removed .
we only allow photo threads not screenshots or videos !
instagram is also prohibited due to frequent content theft .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spotted if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean beds gon na get messed up anyway as long as it 's like clean sheets haha
i 'm not sure fuckinf up the mortgage market is going to balance supply and demand
hey it 's a hallmark of the server and it 's a badge that some of us will clutch with a death grip .
can you explain why they will drop on the 3rd of june when the record date to qualify for the entitlement shares is the 7th june ?
sex is sacred if i had a gf watching porn i 'd be jealous and vice versa you feel like they do n't see your body as good enough and then you wonder if they even care about you
but it 's a difference if they are trying to quit it though that i understand any addiction is hard to quit
i would research how to open it without damaging the envelope .
i 'm torn because there is some novelty to having an unopened v-mail but i also really want to know what it says now .
if you do open it you should definitely record it .
you have a hate for the patriots that i ca n't help but respect
hundreds of people did not accidentally identify his wife as a writer for halo .
i mean this is a lame as fuck thing for even one person to do but block them and move on with your day .
all we need is a transporter malfunction á la the fly and we can have this beautiful abomination amalgamation .
but youre comparing a case of a mass shooting event with multiple fatalities to a case where police were doing a no raid very early in the morning while he was asleep which resulted in him shooting back which a jury of his peers found him at no fault for you also forgot to mention though that his black girlfriend was in fact shot and killed by the police .
police actively tried to kill him but missed and hit his girlfriend .
in the buffalo case the only person who shot at him was the security guard who was actively fighting for his life in the moment .
if this were true we would not be having this conversation .
i know some people who 've gotten their red wings .
they 're still alive but i do n't think they 're immortal .
i mean i 'm not saying that there are n't some soothing tracks on their other albums but compared to humanz..
if you like them check out sons of anarchy .
i used to go after christians relentlessly poking holes in everything they believed and just being a toxic douchebag .
after i realized that i adopted the saying of live and let live '' ... as long as they 're happy and they 're not pushing anything on me i 'm going to be a happy person and not push anything on them .
i 'm working on not engaging christians whenever they start spouting off stuff but it 's a big part of my personality to correct something when i see something morally wrong in my eyes .
i forget at times how i was when i was leaving the church and how my entire being was shook at some of the realizations that i had and i do n't want to do that to other people so if that means letting them believe an invisible wizard of the sky is going to send them to hell and so be it as long as they 're happy and not trying to push it on others
i can confirm am not jumpy or loud or too overenergictic i can just chill out in my room and get stuff done
como it te recomiendo que veas los planes de estudio a veces son materias de diferencia en la carrera nomas esta lo basico lo bueno son las certificaciones externas !
yes so anyone know wear the garden shears are .
posting drip without acknowledging the bbmas at all is very sexy
i 'm so glad to be backkk i missed you all ♥️
hitting that side does n't usually affect signal quality .
the right side can cause issues so be careful moving forward .
chronological order starts with the earliest events in a story and ends in the latest .
so origins asylum city knight is the chronological order .
my neighbor lets her dog outside without a leash and it keeps shitting in my driveway .
needless to say my dog does not like this .
like dude i 've already done this look at my rank .
it does n't matter have to do it all and no promotion .
yeah i hit well against him but i actually hit him decently too kinda one of those cards for me
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stonerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
they did n't go over this in the manhwa but the ml for a long time had essentially been raised by a faction of nobles that were expressly trying to raise him to be manipulative and erratic .
the poison was just a tipping point and came at the very end .
it 's treated the same way as an abusive husband getting drunk and hurting someone it 's still considered his own actions and the story not once insinuates he was innocent in his altercations .
does n't get any more og than these wheels !
if it 's the kind of newt i 'm thinking of they may be doing you a favour .
there are n't nearly enough garter snakes in the area to eat all the garden worms coming up this time of year so if they 're the right kind of newt they 'll keep the worm population under control
that tends to happen when there 's more fbi agents and informants are involved in the alleged plot to kidnap the michigan governor than actual suspects .
and the jury agreed acquittals for two mistrials for two .
it 's not a new tactic fbi spend much of the last two decades creating terrorists '' out of poor loner often intellectually challenged young muslims .
tell your sister that you can either make the cake that the birthday person would like or you can make no cake it all .
hopefully it 's not a 5ft parapet to the roof !
well pets.com is at least more ethical than 2020 modern grift companies like nikola that were getting billion dollar market caps on nothing .
the fact yellow monster is a story authored by the marcos monster
it 's already in high performance i think my laptop is just dogshit
female characters in any medium get unfair scrutiny where normal human flaws are perceived as them being awful annoying or terrible people whilst worse flaws in their male counterparts are considered completely fine .
the newscaster was a nobody trying to ass kiss her way into notoriety
maybe whitecaps it 's an amazing episode but it just kills me to see carm and tony 's relationship blow up every time .
i always feel bad for the kids in that episode
it 's hard with online friends eventually there just is n't much to talk about .
that 's fair it 's not a critique just funny how they went overboard with the mario party 's back then now it 's once every couple years
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukrainewarvideoreport if you have any questions or concerns .
bruh ... dj made a total of 9 field goals in 2 playin games .
i do n't think we 're allowed to talk shit
that happened to me once jane was hooked the entire game and the bubba could n't move
or does it mean just redone '' in a new engine ?
why didnt dice just let you land open the bay door and let people in/out through the doors instead of needing to be in a seat ?
they clearly got the physics down for allowing people to sit inside aircraft ... ... finally
yeah i feel like i 've heard that too a few weeks ago but still nothing .
i feel like as much as gravity wagons are used at least where i live they would be implemented into the game
the moment she bite it off is when i 'll see god !
suns fans do n't deserve the hear here the mods do .
i would understand if there was a bunch of brigading and trash from other fans but i do n't think that was happening .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
r/assholegw it 's a place for all the asshole buthole posts
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/analgw if you have any questions or concerns .
are n't these the same idiots claiming that their tacticool gundick maganauts are the ones with the skills and the tools to take on the derp state antifa army ?
they 're fascists so their enemies are both mighty and weak they themselves are defenseless but undefeatable because consistency is n't useful to their propaganda .
sadly the only one i recognize is cherry bombs .
never got to experience any have only heard mom 's dad 's and grandad 's good old days stories about them .
this post was removed because your account is too young .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/highheelsnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
my partner 's parents and friends keep thanking me and saying that i have saved '' my partner because they now smile and talk and hang out etc .
i never feel like i 've done anything special i 'm just being me so i never know what to say .
that line from rich hit me so hard too .
they say they want to hang out with us sometimes and we 'll have fun but it never happens .
and then we see them hanging out with someone else and they say next time and they 'll call us but it never happens .
we just get strung along with promises of next time .
every single white comedian that has a non-white white wife has do the whole white people do this people do that '' schtick .
i think bill burr is hilarious but even he does that hack shit .
comedians will be making those same jokes in 100 years and people will still be eating it up .
1v5 is n't hard and nobody except people with no social life say beta😭
i ca n't help but feel like marcelo 's tactics would thrive in mls .
some mothers are so so slack despite being good people and maybe even good wives .
do n't let the kid suffer bc your wife currently sucks at parenting .
hopefully she will grow to be more involved in the coming weeks .
i bet during pregnancy you have went above and beyond too and she complained about not being able to do anything .
some women are just like that man ... ..so yes it happens .
x day of the month is already built in pretty simple .
the only thing you got ta watch out for is pdq can be a little bit delayed sometimes on the release of the cumulative
the software just takes the data that the sensor is receiving and filters it in a better way to reduce snr and get the real moon image data out of it .
glad to see she is doing well for herself .
i think i cried a bit when she did the split .
i feel like it may not happen since they just upgraded the cadian box .
the movie that banner is referencing is some 10 episode nazi garbage about how hitler was actually a good guy who wanted peace until his hand was forced or something .
of course it has lots of 10/10 reviews on imdb from nazis and white supremacists .
they want to get disaffected idiots without critical thinking skills to do their own research '' by watching the videos to bamboozle them into believing their racist historical revisionism .
i said neither of them are giving you much defensively not that there is basically no difference .
booker has n't been a top defender for much of his career and has other guys defensively to back him up and take the harder assignments .
there is more upside in trae 's scoring passing than booker 's scoring which is where pretty much all of his value comes from .
if trae 's not scoring well there 's at least a possibility he gets guys in foul trouble or sets his teammates up .
if booker is n't having a good scoring night ... ..there 's nothing else he 's typically giving you at a level that trae could besides scoring .
this needs the attention of rsc or a qualified watchmaker asap .
i had a similar situation with a datejust previously placed my watch in a bowl of rice with the crown unscrewed overnight to mitigate any potential damage and the moisture under the crystal cleared up significantly .
i then took it to rsc first thing in the morning
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/neoliberal if you have any questions or concerns .
who suggested we should n't hold lawmakers to a higher standard ?
is that what your stupid little account is for ... spewing strawman arguments at people ?
if we ca n't prosecute all criminals why prosecute any is a pretty stupid argument .
sounds like your adventure w jenny is p much over but def message her and tell her what happened .
do n't sell yourself short i believe you can go further 😁
because i did n't feel like it moved the conversation forward you are committed to a view of the city the facts are at odds with .
and my perspective which covers living in cap hill downtown and now slightly further out does n't seem likely to change a thing in your head .
you 're both not believing your eyes or the data .
overall crime in seattle increased 10 last year compared to 2020 .
violent crime in particular rose by 20 a 14-year high .
reports of homicides and rapes did go down last year but robberies and aggravated assaults contributed to the overall increase .
property crime increased by 9 driven by arsons and car thefts .
the seattle police department has a separate category for the theft of car parts like catalytic converters stolen and sold for scrap metal .
theft of car parts jumped almost 80 between 2020 and 2021.
a fetus ca n't think or feel but a woman can .
i had a friend lock me out of my human account after the news about roe to save me from myself but i know a local sex worker/protester/baker who has been bemoaning the cost of boxes for her baked goods lately .
maybe just for those who have accidents but if you do n't then you will be good .
outside in my garden in the corner on the grass .
i do n't see ic getting their shit together .
someone on a different post brought up a scenario where people will get tired of the bs instacart is doing and another gig will pop up and take ic place but as long as it instacart making their money they do n't care about us .
why travel to an active war zone when you can simply create your own
i 'm talking about the pokemon names not the trainer id which is also a clear indication if the name is a website it something it 's just we ca n't see them in this picture
your post has been removed from r/cosplayprops because it violated rule 4 karma farm .
this refers to instances where the poster is presenting someone else 's work soley to earn upvotes or attention .
principal well let 's make those people in ken-tuk-ay proud ! ''
dragons get the vast majority of their food from a form of open plain ranching .
they have vast grasslands that they carefully manage to support herds of prey animals .
they then track and drive these herds culling what they need for food and letting the rest roam .
this works well for them because with their flying they can easily cover large distances and with their fire they can easily conduct controlled burns to clear vegetation and drive herds .
centaurs are completely herbivorous and get the bulk of their food from agriculture .
when a group of them came across what seemed to be a lush and uninhabited grassland they started plowing fields .
to their minds the land was unclaimed and they figured they would make use of it .
as a part of that they drove out and killed the grazing herds they encountered as pests .
the dragons took this as a direct attack on their food supply and retaliated .
however they did n't just attack the centaur colonies they also flew over mountain ranges to attack established centaur cities to get them to back off .
they might have been panicking about the threat of starvation if the matter was n't dealt with decisively .
however what the dragons did n't realize is that while dragon society is rather homogeneous and united as a species centaurs are much more fractured .
some of the centaur cities they attacked were completely unaffiliated with the colonies and had no idea what was going on .
now both sides are convinced that the other side maliciously attacked them unprovoked .
got lucky with a 1st minute goal and our biggest force on offense is a defensemen .
miro is the only player that does n't dump the puck in or turn it over more than 50 of the time it seems .
it twitches in your mouth feeding you excess cum trapped in there and you feel me start to push you down and quickly you feel your mouth get filled with my fat cock
probably because the actors who actually drew audiences in were radcliffe watson and grint .
the drc is a clock and it helps fuel murktide .
you are asking a lot of your graveyard to have so many delve threats in the deck .
might also consider removal of unholy heats and bolts over push .
the meta has seen a shift to more fury .
fury does n't die to push but does to both heat and bolt .
i find that these line up better with more threats in modern meta at the moment .
also a one of fun of battle rage is always fun .
keeps your opponent guessing and forces them to make blocks that might be bad so they ca n't lose to it out of the blue .
the funny thing is i just watched the newest movie of grindelwald tonight
now make amber the turd heard and jump down from the highest places into the deepest holes .
that one looks pretty good for your use case .
i think it 's probably on the lower end of price for monitors with all of the features you need including usb-c connectivity and it should have good colors and viewing angles since it 's an ips panel .
contrast may not be incredible but that should n't matter for programming .
i 'd say go for it unless someone else finds a better recommendation !
so like you mean out of the 3 of you you are the only one who can decorate your island 's villagers homes ?
and also did you have to pay 3 times for the dlc ?
some people said they got it free if they had nintendo on line but that was n't the case for me .
when i use my mobile data it either finds a match after 5 mins or does n't .
it 's just because it 's being forced upon us plus a couple more problems
edit by forced apons us i mean it 's installed by default and there 's no simple way to uninstall it
„quite means something like „schon etwas and „quiet means „leise
you mean mail the loot home through belarus only to have it stolen by postal workers .
i made my brother film so i could enjoy it and cry .
the frosting is honey buttercream and not cream cheese so it 's prob very similar to the honeycomb cookie
ah yes time to protest on private property to stick it to people who are not the government .
i means alcoholics my need half a bottle or more to feel drunk but they 're drunk way before that .
once everyone switches to 12v only this will be a thing of the past .
i personally even prefer this size over the actual in-game california-class which seems comparable to the ambassador-class .
i use m4 to shave the roof of my mouth
and then you say that the problem lies not with the games themselves but with the people who make them .
nintendo prices their games the same as any other aaa company it 's just that they take way longer to put them on sale or discount them
ive had that theme song https youtu.be/vygac-olaiq stuck in my head for 22 years .
it rotates around with the space cases https youtu.be/9soponp0qai and salute your shorts https youtu.be/s-se96q9ddu theme songs .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i breast-fed my daughter till she was nearly 4 years old so i 'm 100 pro breast-feeding with that i 'm still saying it is awkward and weird to pull your boobs out in front of your dad period !
it made me fall in love the the characters so much more than the movies ever did .
but to clarify it has zero connection to the movies .
count back 48 hours from that to get an idea of whether you were likely to have been exposed .
mostly masked '' might as well be not masked '' unless you were outdoors .
median incubation 's three days with omicron plus or minus two days ish .
no after queen h7 and blocking with the bishop you capture with check on e4
what team would want to play against oettinger ? ? ?
it 's like the stars did n't even bother with offense the whole ot .
the worst part of woke nimby discourse is the conflation of locals and indigenous peoples
we meet at aj hudson 's on the north side 3801 n. ashland .
if the dialogue with ilia at the end of the mission is anything to go by we 'll get a tmp style space mission of flying through the v'ger cloud something i have wanted to do in a star trek game since they came out .
and if i were a betting man which i am not at all 😛 i think we 'll either get a final showdown with the inquisitor at the centre of v'ger or ... . we get the reveal of the emperor as he attempts to merge with/control the probe .
and therefore i imagine or am guessing/hoping that the flight through the cloud might be a space race to the core between us and either the iss defiant or the iss acheron .
we could have got him back in the auction if jofra was playing this year because rr would go all out for him and we would n't have been able to afford him but we would have got boult back for 6 cr or something .
in the end we got jofra for 8 cr who is a far better t20 bowler than boult .
che sarebbe il primo dottore del nuovo ciclo '' right ?
edit ignora la domanda ho visto che ci sono tutte su prime video .
even back in the day i was seeing red flags and saying yikes to his shit .
i actually prefer zack 's bvs action choreography style over reeves 's batman action style it feels more visceral and more dynamic with the cut inbetween create a more interesting flow of visual .
with the batman most of the action are long take with static camera so sometimes it feels a bit sluggish and not as visually appealing like batlfeck 's fight imo .
the demand price for parasol and rosie rose is 70k and 50k..
lol you 're so wrong about things going downhill .
if you 've never really exercised before you can become fitter than you 've ever been in your life .
if you want it your best days are still ahead of you .
if you want to gain muscle start lifting weights .
you can use barbells dumbbells cables machines kettlebells bodyweight .
just try to hit each muscle at least once a week maybe more if you feel you can recover well enough .
you will progress quickly because of newbie gains these are real look it up .
you 'll got a lot of payoff for relatively little effort .
then if you start to feel like you 're actually enjoying start researching more about how to train more efficiently and incorporate what you learn .
but i would initially focus on just starting the habit then get the details right later on .
it 's a very real problem and an issue to many people with siblings .
it 's almost impossible for parents to love every child equally. there will be some aspects of unfairness and your feelings of resentment are not unreasonable .
the best thing you can do is focus your energy and emotions on taking care of yourself where others wo n't .
as a middle child i definitely was kinda left out my older sibling was extra precious as the first born and the younger one is extra precious as the youngest .
but i grew stronger through this while that sibling has never learned to face any resistance by himself .
even now the younger sibling is living rent free and taking an allowance even though he 's mid 20s .
his every meal is delivered and he is really spoilt .
my parents are getting old and they continue to spoil him .
i do get upset thinking about how much money he 's pissing away but i remind myself it 's not my money .
take care of yourself and keep your thoughts as positive as you can .
one day when you have the ability to move out you will taste the sweet freedom .
i always write katie phd '' because dr. katie '' feels like i am deceiving someone into thinking i am a medical doctor instead of a phd
not because the shows were bad but because the marketing was n't the best .
rpm got the worst of the two since disney didnt even promote the thing practically and made it air at 6 in the morning .
time force actually did grab viewers when it was airing but the public consiousness has forgotten about the season .
since after all hasbro and saban reminds us of mighty morphin more than every other season .
having them lose in the conference finals will just make it so much sweeter .
v cute make sure catto does not eat the plants because those species are toxic to cats
they 're supposed to pass legislation when they have a supermajority .
democrats controlled the 111th congress 2009–2011 with majorities in both houses of congress alongside the country 's first african-american president ...
even as mr. obama has delighted abortion rights advocates he has dialed back some earlier ambitions .
in 2007 he promised planned parenthood that the first thing i 'd do as president would be to sign the freedom of choice act which effectively codifies roe v. wade .
now he says the bill is not my highest legislative priority as he put it at a recent news conference. '' ...
what we 've said to people is ‘this is n't an opportunity to relitigate roe v. wade ' ms. barnes said .
the president wants us to talk about reducing unintended pregnancies but he does n't want this to be the conversation that never ends .
the mother would let the kittens go after a couple of weeks anyway i do n't think it 's that bad for her .
and if it was i think it would be the lesser of two evils and getting them sterilized will prevent so much suffering that that would still be the best option
yeah hes gon na include a red dot with it and i figured for 1k it would be a good deal
honestly following her on twitter is the only real way i keep up with how the disease is going and staying informed it 's oddly helpful
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
if you want to help keep these bots running please consider donating via patreon or stripe https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/donations !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/paag if you have any questions or concerns .
tennant will almost be as old as 'old doctor ' capaldi was when he started .
so if it 's a flashback then i 'm guessing they will be to spend a lot of money on the de-aging cgi .
i think it would be more interesting if it was the metacrisis doctor returning but then that 's unlikely given it 's donna instead of rose returning with him .
also billie piper is now the same age as camille coduri was when they were on doctor who and while i think that it would be interesting to show rose at 40 i think that the higher ups probably think that people could n't accept her character 'grown up '
i believe tucker carlson would have politically brown nosed if it would benefit him with many of these white internet troglodyte shooters because he does take many of the conspiracy theories they collectively peddle and water them down to get buy in from biddable white cable viewers noticing their lives are n't as good as it was .
to help make the experience more effective for everyone we do have some resources and rules for you to keep in mind .
• do you need to understand terms or acronyms ?
check out our links https www.reddit.com/r/narcissisticabuse/wiki/resources and book recommendations .
• we also have a sister sub for people actively in divorce/custody proceedings or that is coparenting with a abusive ex r/narcabuseanddivorce .
• looking to contact the moderators of the sub ?
we ca n't respond to individual posts all the time so please post your issues to the community rather than the mods if it 's not about a rule breaking issue or sub issue .
you can message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnarcissisticabuse subject message .
please do not dm/pm mods directly or send them chat requests .
please add flair to your post so that it is searchable by topic and always use the trigger warning flairs when needed keep graphic content out of titles please
be respectful and courteous with a focus on healing no flaming no revenge posts no wishing harm on anyone no outting '' or getting them bad karma ''
no identifying details no proper names including fake ones pictures images of texts/emails locations at any level or specific details that may identify you to readers that may know you jobs hobbies schools etc
no crossposting or direct linking to this or other subs or posts .
no links at all in original posts including to other posts you have here or other subs images/pictures/memes/vlogs/blogs/podcasts/articles/social media information or tags/texts/emails
no self-promotion/solicitation at all including surveys fundraising petitions or research posts are permitted
you must be the victim of the abuse that is the subject of the post not a friend relative or partner
please report content that violates our rules and do not engage on those posts at all
do not resubmit removed content if you get a report from automod about your post see the sticky announcement at the top of the sub regarding removals and be patient we will review them manually when we are available .
no politics religion soliciting dms or doing an ama on your own please
no segregation of posts by gender sexual orientation race age or culture
no family content in any context the only family content permitted is you your significant other/ex and your children no abusive child posts .
all others will be removed including mentions family/friends or growing up/childhood content .
no demanding justification of our rules or just curious '' for why our rules are our rules it does not matter whose family it is or if they are abusive or that its just a mention .
no inappropriate content tv shows movies books not releated to healing from abuse celebrities news or social discussions .
no title only posts including repeating the title in the body of the post emoticons saying the title says it all
if you are a npd/bpd/hpd/aspd/abuser you will be banned please also do not post content or people with diagnosed cluster bs as resources here
we want you to have a safe and supportive experience so you get the most out of the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/narcissisticabuse if you have any questions or concerns .
she presided over the famine in ireland..she was the top dog..if she really wanted the british government to do more she easily could she done so..but she didn't..she did n't give a fuck end of story
i 'd say try to create your own party .
those dgs do not require a sss to complete .
moving forward with upcoming dgs for those maps aox is a better option than megi x .
well he threw her out of the window i would n't say that left her unscarred ''
she remembered a cave and a man glowing with immense power .
'take control ' and radiant suddenly found herself in control .
i did n't mention it up top but someone must have accidentally knocked over one of the pots of biros they were scattered all over and onto the little path so i ended up tending the grave a little tidying up the pens back into a pile putting some 42 badges fans had left back on where the rain had washed them off and down the slope a way making sure everything was ship-shape .
i 'm not family so i did n't want to do too much but basic tidying felt good and not too intrusive or disrespectful to them .
it means that either one country ranked the song as 9th best 2 points x1 or two countries as 10th 1 ppinr x2 .
it works on the same scoring system as the jury points the scores are just added together and revealed together .
that 's the flag of an up and coming domestic terrorist .
what are good teammates for they 'll take a bullet for the enemy but not you
it was a kiss that maybe lasted about two minutes before he stopped it .
there was no way i would have found out unless he told me himself which he did and i appreciate .
i 'm just finding it really difficult to get past it .
what makes me happy for you is knowing one day all of that rolls into v9 and fx series and you can stop having to click through that asc app .
i work from home full time as stipulated in my employment contract .
work just went completely remote too and closed its offices .
my lease is almost up and was thinking about getting a second room to make a permanent office .
can i claim the proportion of size of that room back from my rent ?
it would solely be for work purposes and i have no outside of home place for work .
there are 3 half spheres moving around the circle .
there is an unmoving half sphere outside of the circle .
when any of the 3 rotating half sphere align with the unmoving one they will make a whole sphere .
this is the moment you step onto the man cannon
this is one of the very specific reasons why i love humans
they seem to have more flavour than practically every other country in the game heck they 're the only country who 's unique advisors actually have flavour text they have multiple dynamic national ideas 6 different paths and a really well-structured gameplay experience .
i thought it was draining faster the lower it gets so under 50 of the battery i never use my phone .
i did n't know how to post a discussion ... im so distressed .
still waiting for a list of specific freedoms i 've lost .
so you want to cut penis of an innocent person and destroy his sex life for no reason ?
cutting a penis is a sexual assault how should we punish you for sexually assaulting that innocent man ?
as i said earlier if you do n't trust the rape cases then do n't criminalise rapes ! ''
no we can criminalise rapes we can just jail the rapist if a person is found innocent we can put him out of the jail and end his punishment .
we can just put a chastity on his penis chastity can be opened if person is found innocent .
seems to be lot of fans here seems to be enjoying rape !
bruh i have told you three times that we want to save innocent peope from punishment not the rapist i also mentioned how rapist should be punished .
hi pokydoky it seems like you might be looking for an anime 's watch order !
on our watch order wiki https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/watch_order you can find suggested orders for a ton of shows hopefully including the one you 're looking for as well as information that will help you decide on what to watch for the more complicated series cough fate cough .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
⬇️ download link https reddit.tube ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/comments/uqqdql/i_want_to_jerk_off_again_with_lizzie_olsen_whos for this post .
please remember to read and follow all the rules https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/about/rules !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jerkofftoceleb if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've done liara my first play through way back when wanted something different this time
everyone who is saying ‘just get a vasectomy ' is completely missing the point .
he is here representing men who are struggling to keep their head above water financially .
so for some men a vasectomy is completely out of the picture or may be a long time of saving up .
knowing the woman would keep the baby is definitely not r/childfree but i think the point here was to emphasize a situation where maybe he does do everything safely with a childfree woman who ends up changing her mind at some point and fucking the guy over .
so at least you 're prepared to admit that arabs brutally oppressed jews even when it was n't people taking advantage during chaos '' .
just plain old normal day to day life being a minority under arab rule was miserable .
for the second part of your statement nobody is justifying turning into an oppressor '' .
you presumably would have supported those jews in 1720 standing up for themselves ?
well eventually jews began standing up for themselves the arabs continued oppressing and over time the balance of power shifted until now a very weak arab population continues to try and murder a far stronger jewish population .
that 's just what happens when the racists are too stupid to stop trying to oppress people despite it not working for over 70 years .
do manga illustrations really differ that much from anime illustrations ?
i 've read some chapters of bakuman all of death note and some of kaguya-sama .
bezos if you 're here my soros bux are always late ruins my cash flow .
happy to start shilling for bezos dollarinos if you 're willing
it 's better than the absolute disgrace that is dmu even if it is n't as flamboyant as other iterations of dm or black sky .
bruh this is inspiring me so much to actually go and just die.tf is this post
spoken like a guy who 's never had to work for anything in his life .
i average 22 gir so until i get that above 50 regularly it is all drive/approach practice for me .
i was going to say this but i did n't want to double post .
i was smiling like a dumb ass on my home from work like that 's my streamer !
my 2nd grade teacher notified my parents that i was having trouble concentrating on my work constantly getting distracted .
i was evaluated and apparently i could have tried meds but my parents did n't want to medicate me so instead i was taken out of class for 2 hours each day to be with a learning support specialist to reduce the distraction .
i had no trouble completing my work always aced tests and read above my grade level so i did n't understand why i was being punished for not engaging in class discussion or doing pointless tasks .
of course the other kids in my class noticed i was being removed each day and it was so embarrassing for me that i just sucked it up and started forcing myself to pay attention and do exactly what the teacher asked so i would n't have to leave the class anymore .
i made it my mission to act like the most attentive high achieving student so i would n't have to be embarrassed anymore .
it worked and they stopped taking me out of class .
adhd clearly did n't go away i just learned how to hide it .
if city are bringing in both nunes and enzo then i do n't think he would play a whole lot in his first season .
that 's an excellent point and to add on they always have to speak at length about something that 's already been discussed .
i really appreciate the salient point that you made and all of your hard work .
you 've always been able to heal it with ana.. ?
edit before i get downvoted i have done this before .
if it is a bug it 's been around for a while .
i feel you my sleep pattern is all over the place rn !
but i do n't look as good as you tbf
possibly he was also the track coach but his love was for swimming had an olympic tryout in the late 60s .
my handlebar is cluttered with a bell garmin outfront mount and light .
i was either wondering about a stem top cap gopro mount and use the controller grip attached to it .
but the other accessories might get in the way .
or use an handlebar extender like this https www.amazon.co.uk/extender-aluminum-handlebar-extension-headlights/dp/b07wd38gsr https www.amazon.co.uk/extender-aluminum-handlebar-extension-headlights/dp/b07wd38gsr angled up slightly .
this would attach onto the handlebar and provide a smaller diameter bar for the drone clamp .
plus it would raise the controller/phone above the other accessories .
damn bro you looking elegant secondly nah man i would n't be worried just looks like the light beaming straight down makes it look worse than it actually is
your comment has been automatically removed because your account is relatively new or you have negative karma . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asksingapore if you have any questions or concerns .
having a baby shower where people pass my newborn baby around sounds like a nightmare .
throwing the kurds under the bus because nato bad .
guess i know what im doing with my second din slot now 👀👀
but is it really a furry move if you 're attracted to something with no fur 🤔
i mean not that i would n't fuck lopunny but still
one of the twins or both are making that final if they are on i do n't see any other outcome .
i could see a double elimination but that 's like kind of obvious so i also do n't see it .
i think in most games where a team could be eliminated the called penalties vastly dropped
alright ken owens you wo n't pull those tricks on me !
those sauces are mild to begin with not sure what you 're expecting ?
i dig the flavors but even a spoonful is n't something i 'd describe as scorchin and certainly its not gon na be that much on each chip .
saying no is an option but at some point there is a law that would force the neighbor to pay if the fence is really due for replacement .
we are not there yet but i was fine with replacing it now instead of waiting for it to fall down .
that 's what made me so bullish on saito the fact that david held his ground against vitalik so well .
i wish you the best of luck and will hopefully see you on the moon one day .
87th minute subs himself on coutinho gets the ball dances past 3 players feeds it to gerrard gets the ball 35 yards out quick glance absolute screamer into the top corner ... end scene
i dont see why this is difficult to believe .
not every 35 year old will be happy to be on the bench .
and some players think they are better than they actually are
you receive the holy spirit which is faith given realization that christ bled and died on the cross for your sins .
when you die and are judged christ who is the ultimate sacrifice stands in your place or shields you from the sin you committed making you blameless .
the killing of animals on the alter was a type and shadow of christ .
your wife thinks another man is more of a christian than you are .
before hurling racial insults at you the racist will first ask you if you 're from china or hk then after careful consideration he will make the final decision .
ellie was living in relative peace until that stupid bitch showed up and murdered someone that had just saved her life .
joel killed her father who was about to murder ellie for some half cocked cure that might 've worked with literally no way to distribute it .
i get this sub has a weird slant towards abby but i do n't get why .
it 's always preferable to have better flight performance for the br than better guns especially when the baseline is already perfectly usable .50 cals .
that 's exactly the opposite of how supply/demand works .
increasing interest rates and raising taxes are the fundamental ways governments reduce inflation .
i do n't know how you 've convinced yourself that is n't true because you can read about it in any economics textbook or reputable paper .
admit you are n't looking for solutions you just want to point fingers at democrats and blame them for problems .
and then conveniently ignore well known facts to formulate your nonsensical argument .
scam centre operating in mass scale in pakistan i remember talking to one of them
please visit our wiki starter pack https www.reddit.com/r/hinduism/wiki/starter_pack wiki_i.27m_new_to_r.2fhinduism.2c_where_do_i_start.3f specifically our faq https www.reddit.com/r/hinduism/wiki/index wiki_faq .
we also recommend reading what is hinduism https www.himalayanacademy.com/view/what-is-hinduism a free introductory text by himalayan academy if you would like to know more about hinduism and do n't know where to start .
in terms of introductory hindu scriptures we recommend first starting with the itihasas the ramayana https www.reddit.com/r/theramayana/wiki/resources wiki_recommended_texts and the mahabharata https www.reddit.com/r/themahabharata/wiki/resources wiki_resources .
contained within the mahabharata is the bhagavad gita https www.reddit.com/r/thegita/wiki/resources which is another good text to start with .
although r/thevedasandupanishads might seem alluring to start with this is not recommended as the knowledge of the vedas upanishads can be quite subtle and ideally should be approached under the guidance of a guru or someone who can guide you around the correct interpretation .
in terms of spiritual practices https www.reddit.com/r/hinduism/comments/7643rp/a_thread_on_introductory_rescources_on_basis_of there are many you can try and see what works for you such as r/introspection r/yoga r/meditation or r/bhajan .
in addition it is strongly recommended you visit your local temple/ashram/spiritual organization https www.reddit.com/r/hinduism/comments/c6957l/what_are_some_good_hindu_organizations_that_have .
lastly while you are browsing this sub keep in mind that hinduism is practiced by over a billion people in as many different ways so any single view https np.reddit.com/r/hinduism/comments/p7ma64/sectarian_bias can not be taken as representative of the entire religion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hinduism if you have any questions or concerns .
. hon the fact you keep watching it shows otherwise fg
my last chief sent a guy to walmart to buy a razor rather than let him stay at a fire scene .
it 's been overtaken by wealthy investors in the past couple years but bend has roundabouts everywhere which i loved is walkable to all businesses has decent density and nature is everywhere 15 minutes to mt .
has a vibrant local scene which used to be local small businesses but has steadily changed .
oh and the weather is perfect most of the year .
unfortunately people in the pnw/cali area are very passive aggressive so that 's the only downfall i can think of .
i am looking forward to a local machine but i will miss the fast internet connection i get from shadow .
a local machine is nice but until i can get a reliable internet connection at home i 'm afraid that will be my bottleneck .
i travel a lot and do n't spend time at home so i enjoy using shadow for some low latency dependent video games around the us without a huge machine or laptop .
i 'm so surprised that shadows concept has n't been mimicked more closely but obviously it 's a poor profit making business model .
computer equipment is costly and services that google and amazon provide are priced on many variables that add up quickly and they already have the huge infrastructure to support it .
geforce now is a great option as is stadia etc .
to a point but the customization choices are lacking compared to a full pc .
the technology is there and with time more options will become more mainstream but the price per game subscription based services will be the profit making .
shadow is not able to charge us on all the variables that others can because it goes against the model !
but that shows why the 'conservatives ' have gonethe other way .
nancy pelosi and joe biden are both 'devout ' catholics according to them .
i had a bad internet connection in the past and because of that i had a lot of dc 's during the draft .
and i never had more than 4 wins requirement .
maybe the devs changed this since then but this is how it was 2 years ago .
i was just thinking i would skirt the rules by booking a six-week tokyo disney trip in which i would spend most of the days skipping the parks and exploring japan .
cc effects are considered annoying '' or frustrating '' in literally every game in existence*..
the streamer can look at all chats you 've made even the removed ones .
you can submit a ban appeal through twitch for simon to review .
the egiant would be fine if it only stunned or reflected damage .
they could have kept him at 8 elixir if it did n't do both
i would also recommend to not use mamba if you just starting with ax combat .
it can work but why make it harder for yourself at start you may be frustrated fast with it .
ofcourse because i will know its not painted if i dont
unfortunately everything is actually over priced and the owner is a bit of a dick .
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/brawlstars/comments/uriza6/i_make_furious_fang_in_avater_please_vote_this_1 in r/brawlstars has been automatically removed because you used an emoji or other symbol .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brawlstars if you have any questions or concerns .
and if you 're the smallest life ai n't fair🤷‍♂️sorry .
fuck everyone else as long as your egos boosted .
other sizes using problem from this group to feel better about themselves .
average guys should say more often how great blowjobs are without teeth is how great rough sex multiple times is and how great anal is ?
seems wro g to me but if that they way you think
so please go back to r/averagedickproblems and stop harassing everyone in here who mentions smaller dudes
if this is bigdickproblems you uave no reason to mention smaller guys .
that makes sense because this one is a pain in the butt to open and close .
p3 's story had a lot of potential but pacing issues definitely hindered it .
im pretty sure early game if you dodge morde q with e and you start autoing him you can get out of his range with the next e before his passive procks .
tryndamere is really hard but if you build rabbadon early you can surprise him with your q damage and kill him from 70 hp before he even think of using r. generally speaking even if you loose lane you can play with your team and win lategame .
all those champs except heimer want to go in but lategame if they try to focus your team you will litterally melt them with one good q .
so even if they stomp you in isolation you can win with your teammates .
he statcecks you after 6 but when teamfighting lategame you can stay in front of your team and if he wants engage on your teammates he has to eat your scizzor firts and recive probably 40-50 hp true damage .
a tryndamer would be forced to ult stright away .
and a mordekaiser would probably ult you instead of one of your carries .
gwen is tanky enought to survive 2-3 seconds against thoose champs while absolutely ruining the way they wan na play the teamfight .
even if you die your team can clear all the weakened enemies and win the game .
pronto e aí concordo contigo e que temos de discutir onde é a linha e definir isso .
certamente não é aos 7 meses e se vires gente a defender isso avisa porque eu vou lá mandar vir com eles contigo .
muitos de nós que defendem o aborto não é isso que defendem é a liberdade de o fazer em etapas iniciais quando não passa de umas células e pode vir de um simples deslize e em casais onde devido à sua situação em particular pode ser económica solução dinâmica pessoal etc seria muito pior para a futura criança vir ao mundo e ter uma vida de merda do que abortar umas células sem consciência .
agora da mesma maneira que não é aos 7 meses também certamente não quando são 7 células altura em que para muita gente dogmática já é errado só porque sim .
dizes que dívidas que muita gente se oponha a isso mas eu conheço imensa gente que acha que a partir do momento da concepção já é uma vida sagrada e quando dizem ser contra o aborto é isso que querem dizer totalmente .
tens malucos que se manifestam em clínicas de aborto contra mulheres que foram violada a crl é mesmo nesses casos eles acham errado .
temos todos de definir um certo ponto por exemplo o batimento cardíaco como disseste senão tens malta que diz defender um dos lados mas que defende coisas diferentes eu sou a favor do aborto mas não dá mesma forma que alguém que o defende até ao último dia de gravidez por exemplo ou tu que és contra mas só a partir de certo ponto não como os malucos religiosos que são totalmente contra por exemplo .
yeah but the difference is that react was always good and just got better over time .
we require a minimum account-age of 5 days and a minimum combined karma of 5 from posts and comments in order to post here .
please try again after you have had your reddit account for longer or acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gtaonline if you have any questions or concerns .
there can be but it depends on a lot of things
some systems ca n't control their switching well enough to choose who fronts most of the time
some many of them do n't want to front so there 's only one or a few people who do it
some are situation dependent and certain system mates front in certain situations
so basically it 's only a problem if there are system mates who want to front but are n't able to .
i do n't think it 'd be rude to ask though .
or better yet just ask how they work out switching/fronting in general .
that 'd probably be a helpful and constructive question to ask
of course if they tell you they 'd rather not share you should respect that but i think it 's fine to ask
i would personally love to do this kind of thing as well .
i do n't even need to make co tent about it .
i just wan na do my part to eliminate this issue .
the article is about the concept of co-governance not a specific instance .
it has recently become topical as part of the three waters reform .
in co-governance māori have equal representation to non-māori in the governance of whatever is being governed .
bapa threatened three cute girls by saying he knows elon musk amongst others in dark places !
otherwise a generally healthy diet should provide enough for most runners .
i just notice this sub is n't sure about the past .
one minute it 's boo thatcher was awful the next minute it 's oh it was so much easier back then .
there was 3 million unemployed in the 80s yts got the figures down but it was n't much more than dole money for 4 days work 1 day at college .
the government paid £15 of that £29.50 so most firms were getting 4 days work for £14.50 .
if you were unemployed they 'd put you on employment training '' was in day college with a dude that was getting dole plus £20 for working 40 hours in 4 days .
swings and roundabouts really house prices were a lot cheaper then and tuition fees are obscene now .
the people that did the best back then were already well off and made a fortune from privatisation .
for most it was just as crap as it is now .
i also love bring it on really good and a perfect choice for the title track .
i also really liked skydivin ' it fits my tastes really well though not a big fan of the slowing down at the feeling like skydivin ' '' part without that it would have been much better imo .
firebomb slaps the instrumental is really good tho i got ta admit the chorus part 's instrumental kinda hurts my ears .
i am an upright cyclist on a city bike .
my bag is in front of me on the handlebars .
as someone that missed out on a lot of exclusive skins .
i just have to deal with it it is n't fair that an ‘exclusive skin ' gets put on the open market because regardless of the price it destroys the integrity of the item
shooting a fair distance ... lots of recoil ... charge 7 ?
bloods and vital signs are handy assessment tools but they 're not the whole picture .
humans are literally designed to maintain homeostasis in the body whatever the cost .
it might be sustainable for some time but it does n't last forever and then everything comes crashing down .
my ed radar did me excellent service when i was an emergency dept nurse i could spot y'all from a mile off and you better believe i kept extra eyes on you at all times .
just do n't think about demon tower and you 'll be fine
sorry for the redacted highlighting the timestamps for the homeless cats .
i 'm guessing from what 's left of it that it 's a t-80u ?
then again there 's not much to go off of
found a good thread on twitter in english that explains it link https twitter.com/anfuerudo/status/1509598004898054145
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funnyanimals if you have any questions or concerns .
did n't they break the elvis is an alien story they must be the biggest !
i am sorry someone belonging to a village with lower class background no matter how pretty they are will never get rishta from well off family
even educated girls do n't get rishtas from well off family .
well off family marries their son to same social economic background
votes can be accepted with less than the required number of boxes marked
mijn tuin bestaat merendeels uit tegels waar ik met blote voeten op loop dus nee je gaat niet het gras stofzuigen .
maar voor de meeste nederlanders is het ook normaal om met schoenen in huis te lopen dus zo gek is het niet voor mij om je tuin net zo schoon te houden als je huis .
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
this is a saucing spoon used by chefs for plating usually .
are you sure they 're the java not black ?
i thought the java came with a medium brown tongue 🤔
i 'd smash but would leave after and not tell my friends .
facially she may be beautiful but it 's hard to tell i think she 'd look a lot better without the fat
ska se om jag kan leta upp den lite senare .
har använt den i ett universitetsarbete kring infrastruktur för laddning av elbilar .
för att det framställs som att elbil eller laddhybrid skulle vara något självklart det är det inte annat än i ganska speciella fall..
tycker ganska speciella fall '' är ett konstigt sätt att beskriva fall som gäller nästan hela sveriges befolkning .
ungefär som att säga att svenskar inte tycker om att äta tacos på fredagar annat än i ganska speciella fall .
of course it matters if you want to fix something the more exact you can identify the problem the easier it will be to fix and if the problem is with men then you 've already halved the test subjects then you identify which subgroup of men say republicans are the problem and you 're group if even smaller then say white christians etc .
these are of course random examples completely unrelated to the real world ...
true but he stole money from russian people why is it okay to dump it all in the british economy and just leave it there ?
he structured it as a loan to chelsea and a loan has to be repaid .
how are the russian people benefiting in any way if he just leaves the 1.6 billion on the table and the beneficiary of that act would be same country/govt that made their already not-so-great life 1000x worse via the sanctions ?
because those sanctions might be designed to rock putin 's chair but it 's a game by proxy .
the ordinary man is made suffer and their hope is that would sap putin 's support within russia .
the uk and the govt welcomed his money and had no issues with him pumping crazy money into their economy but now he 's a kleptocrat who robbed the russian people hence that 1.6 billion should n't be paid back ?
and i 'm the one who is against women in your eyes .
edit btw i stated several times that sexual attack is wrong .
but i would have to repeat myself with hate clouding judgment ...
the thing is we should n't have to go to legislation it was n't all that long ago that big business saw the way to success as respecting the customer rather than pissing on the consumer .
and i 'm seeing what governments are up to as well and hoping that it all means jesus is coming back soon .
this made me teary but created a happy smile on my face in very tiring days .
title is a bit hyperbolic but there 's few interesting clips of how st kilda picked apart our defence on the weekend .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cumsluts if you have any questions or concerns .
please make sure to follow all general internet safety practices .
we do not recommend responding to any private messages or chat requests as they may pose a risk to your safety .
if you receive any inappropriate messages please report them to reddit https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/categories/360003247491-rules-reporting and block the user .
if you notice any potentially predatory activity on the subreddit please send us a modmail https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fteenagers .
all sexually suggestive comments will be removed and met with a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've personally never understood a lot of the hate for rise .
it 's certainly a bit easier than other titles but it 's still monster hunter .
it 's still really fun the new monsters they added were great weapons felt good to play i could n't be more excited .
i know they 're gon na be adding in a fair bit more in terms of monsters they have n't shown yet and i ca n't wait to see who else is getting a variant or returning .
thank you for sharing your thoughts on drinking dreams i am having them multiple times a week lately .
in the game where german reich can literally ally with soviet union by national focuses everything is possible
i 've only done a quick search and found a narration that is reported in multiple books .
i 'll list some of the sources at the end .
but this narration is not a hadith because it 's not from the prophet ﷺ .
the narration is from mujahid bin jabr english wikipedia article https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mujahid_ibn_jabr .
he was a tabi'i from the generation after the companions .
he is actually a very important source for tafsir as he was one of the most foremost students of ibn abbas may allah be pleased with him who was a companion of the prophet ﷺ and is one of the greatest mufassiroon people who do tafsir of the qur'an .
so basically on the bold part of the verse ... be mindful of your lord who created you from a single soul and from it he created its mate ... '' qur'an 4:1 the narration says that mujahid commentates on this and says
'' the mate is hawwa who was created from the qusayra lower rib of adam while he was sleeping .
one thing to keep in mind here is that although mujahid is one of the foremost earlier authorities in tafsir this is not directly from the prophet ﷺ which means it is not revelation and therefore not certain .
there is a fair bit of chance that mujahid took this from israiliyyaat judeo-christian sources around their time as they were influenced by these sources due to the connection of adam/eve with the jews/christians .
the narration looks authentic to mujahid but this is only upon a cursory glance at the chain of narration by myself as i could not find a grading from a scholar .
sources of the narration they all report the same narration through different chains of naration
al-tabaqat al-kubra by ibn sa 'd volume 1 page 34 edit someone posted the english link to this in another comment !
tafsir al-qur'an al-'adheem by ibn abi hatim volume 3 page 853
keep getting up and going as best you can and embrace the moments which are difficult for what it is .
they are with us and will always be with us .
these vessels get tired and worn but our heart will never stop until it stops .
i know a lot of people like the arrow combos i do n't have them all yet .
personally so far i almost never take off leech .
i stick to 75ton heavies for initiative maybe a cyclops .
i think you should report these people to the manager .
i got the same message from the same number lol
but it 's technically a crib that converts to a toddler bed but instead of converting it to the toddler i just pulled the side down and smashed it against my bed
i picked it out 4 years ago at this point so i do n't remember the name or brand or anything sorry
what a sign of the times it is that i clicked this link to see if indeed the world will soon be starving presumably violently competing for food and am met with a subscription paywall .
you should reconsider if you want to sign on just for the scholarship .
even if you decide to join navy or air force where its less about carrying heavy loads n getting wet n dirty in the jungle jobs in the navy n air force are demanding in a different way .
for saf scholarship you can pursue whatever you want except medicine dentistry or architecture for law you will not called to the bar .
to be shortlisted for the saf scholarship you really need to have top grades n a good cca record including taking on leadership positions think president of student council or captain of your sports team that kind .
i 'd say sign on if you have a genuine interest in a military career .
do also think about whether your values and strengths are aligned with being in the military .
the good thing about females signing on is that they give you the opportunity to try out military life n if you do n't like it you can resign from service .
i know people who left after bmt or during ocs b4 they commissioned because they did n't like military life .
as much as you read up ask around before you enlist certain things you wo n't know until you are there n going through it n then you realize hey maybe its not for me .
feel free to pm if you have any questions .
i think 'every yabe ' or 'every clip ' would work better .
an i/o would not be my first choice for saltwater .
real time open world arpg with quests and a ploy all focusing around parkour and stealth .
i do n't know how much it 's doing for my hair yet but it does relax my body and that helps .
and here i thought her name was that viking angel that gives 2/+2 when at 27 life or above .
no wonder i 'm fucking up in this game .
must be a phone issue then as i have the same phone .
i just installed the new ios update but it did n't fix it .
yayyyyy mr ballen i 've been with you since day one ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yes there is a guy who has a communist flag as his pfp and was defending maoist actions in another post about maoist
do we think vladdy 's price is going to go down more ?
it plummeted right after the ratings update but i 'm starting to get impatient waiting for him to be around 70k or so .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bubblebutts if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm just relaxing my night away a rolling through reddit when i saw your cute face could n't help but leave a comment !
explain to me how is spending all your time titillating yourself on a subreddit dedicated to physical violence against women do anything for male abuse victims ?
it does n't neither you or him do n't care that much about male abuse victims for you two it 's a revenge drive for being rejected by women .
damn those things are banned at some soccer matches for this exact reason
the bizarreness and the absurdity of that world is why i liked that movie and i guess it 's also my favorite thing about dxm trips .
the worlds my mind creates feel similarly wild though often colder and less colorful .
i specifically feel like i 'm being called out by this post .
watch the security they will stick you with added fees .
hold my son really tight and tell him i love him as many times as i can .
ronnie sweetie i 'm so so sorry you had to see that cookie platter at the end
done make sure you folow up on upvoting all of my posts from this subreddit .
that is what i was responding to not only does it affect an area
it is still not by definition an aoe weapon and is not something that 's grouped into the existing issue that people are fundamentally having .
that said as powerful as it is it still feels like it 's good enough '' for steel path content .
it does n't feel completely broken there it feels as strong as some old meta weapons did in regular content .
but it 's a different issue from the aoe meta .
depends on what you want to do how much time you have your budget and how much you like driving .
sick of these bots who keep posting typos in the title !
cool i know what i 'm talking about it seems like you 've gotten hurt in the past so no reason to say anything else
thankfully i have a job that requires me to speak to people at length .
if i think i 'm talking at a good speed i 'm probably a bit too fast still .
but if you get me talking about something i 'm really into i 'll start going like an auctioneer .
then i run into issues where my mouth goes faster than my brain and i studder and stammer .
some gpus may not even post without the third cable .
no you just only had access to the shitty culldrone in the demo .
we arent getting more kinect types and if we do they arent going to have the same difference in how good they are as a culldrone vs a dual type kinsect .
im not overhyping or trashing the weapon you still continue to make strawman arguments and disregard my point .
sns isnt getting anything else in sb that would wildly or mildly change anything this is it .
so like when brian laundrie was suspected of murder by the public and the people were protesting outside the parent 's house ?
the whole neighborhood was disturbed for quite a while .
i bought link in early 2018. similar vibe is gns
i just thought she was some social media idiot .
a good tip is to water it twice for like 15 minutes instead of once for 30 .
allows time for the water to soak in rather than run off due to too much all at once .
so do one full cycle of each station for 15 minutes then cycle back through for another 15 minutes .
i run mine at like 5am so its all done in the morning .
its crazy but there actually is a hellmari there .
its just really well hidden and dark you need to brigthen the photo to see her .
very cute but needs a little red color from a good spanking 😀
with all the injuries do they go to a six man rotation ?
of course they sold out to them so they could get votes .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/gocommitdie/comments/upfhjq 32 32
i honestly just do n't know cuz i have some class mates that say milk first and i just wanted to ask .
pix i doubt he 'll get a hand on em with mr. luciel around ''
lol this is some of the longest range i 've seen on this sub
i just graduated with my master 's degree from ua and after 6 years of undergrad and graduate school i never met anyone or went to anything frat related that i even remotely enjoyed .
from my perspective it 's a bunch of wealthy-parent pricks who just bully and haze one another for laughs getting black out wasted from perma-binge drinking every week .
also i absolutely h a t e d getting stuck in group projects with frat guys due to lack of focus and them just wanting to party or them not coming to class altogether .
you being over 21 is a huge benefit already because you can go to the real fun instead of drinking at a house that will eventually get red tagged .
given this is my experience but thought i 'd share !
i just sit to be honest and hope for the best .
unless there 's an obvious smell of dog piss i figure i 'm okay .
some guys brands have an insane amount of variance and not all 32 '' or whatever size inseams or waists are created equally between companies even though it 's supposed to be an exact measurement lol thats why i do n't hardly ever shop online and only if they have a rock solid return policy .
i 've been bumping zara it has a good beat for my workout background music 🎶
mom was 15 and my dad 28 when she got pregnant with me .
then it would appear you do n't know anything at all .
but him backing down will hurt his brand a bit .
many of his fans were banking on the deal happening .
just because we and our story start on earth does n't contradict going elsewhere .
even the ancient creation story describes the creation of the sun moon and stars
what it does is that it resets your run with the items you have and it 's on a different seed making you able to get more items
i 'm not sure what this person is telling you this for the only people i 've seen wear ties are upper management .
even for presentations most people will just wear a button up shirt if that
ypg fought against isis while turkey was financing isis .
do n't pretend like pkk and isis are some sort of same thing if anything turkey is more comparible to isis
my first auto was an snzg15 and i 've been kicking around getting a different case for it as i think the stock case is a smidge big for my wrist .
that is just about perfectly what i was looking for .
edit one question is it safe to assume the chapter ring is n't lumed ?
the dial does n't have any lume on my snzg so it 'd only leave the hands .
if jesus came back today he would surely be arrested almost immediately and sent to jail on some trumped up charges .
if by some miracle he was n't arrested immediately he would for sure be flipping tables and preaching about redistributing some wealth and power .
ikr i ca n't believe this is an insecurity for some people .
i 'm like people pay attention to eye whiteness ?
he is just so much fun to look at .
every time i pull it i think it 's an sp !
there 's a woman who survived and is fine .
hype wise and anticipation wise star wars was still top at the time .
the little logo is down there telling me it is ready and has been there for months .
as much as i think this game is bs ... and probably not even more than a tech demo how does predicting a year ahead have anything to do with being suspicious ?
we do this all the time in the industry .
most studios know about 2 years out when their rough release date will be .
i mean i think it 's actually rated pretty highly at this point
if you voted for trump that says a lot about your character .
i 'm not saying vote for hilary but what the fuck ?
and in your case you are n't even using anything that 's copyrighted .
rough finish drywall ... there 's a lot more to a carpentry apprenticeship than wood .
well then girlll i hope you 're at least partially into women because guess what that androgynous flat-chested look gets the women .
let everyone be subject to the governing authorities for there is no authority except that which god has established .
the authorities that exist have been established by god .
2 consequently whoever rebels against the authority is rebelling against what god has instituted and those who do so will bring judgment on themselves . ''
however next verses state that said authorities pamahalaan hold no terror for those who do right but for those who do wrong . ''
he expressly stated that his war on drugs is a failure
marcos was guilty of martial law deaths tortures massive-corruption .
he was even beyond anyone as he placed himself above congress .
then inc will quote a verse telling us that whoever rebels against the authority is rebelling against what god has instituted and those who do so will bring judgment on themselves ''
furthermore i believe that quoted verse is applicable only in tyrannical political system not in democratic country .
they are justifying it on your face just like what op had said .
there are multiple independent or opposition groups that count the votes and more or less come to the same conclusion as the official figures .
the problem is similar to us where voters vote idiotically .
however all this will change in the upcoming elections next year .
he may go full lukashenko and refuse to step down or rig the elections using unregistered refugees as voters or arm them as civil war begins .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
wow how you considered a compilation of cumshots on your body and tits
one night on this sooo soft rare ass i will be very good person forever 🍑💦🍆😜
uh yeah hate to break it to you but some of them are derelicts .
ignoring that is just going to create more failure like now .
your submission was automatically removed because the title does not include an m f t or nb tag .
please delete and resubmit with a tag in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
you could live alone in a nice studio/1br for 3k or get a room in a nice shared house/apartment for 2k .
i kick the snow-salt-snot bombs off the wheel wells before i park in the garage .
if i notice snow/ice/slush has gotten in the garage i 'll move the car and broom or shovel it out .
not every single time i leave the garage but occasionally throughout the week or whatever .
then wash your car at a car wash regularly to remove salt and grime on days when it 's not messy outside .
my garage is 25 years old in northern michigan the floor looks brand new .
dont worry ill be right over mom and dad are asleep 3
i would always wanted to kiss and taste those lips of yours sis
dude literally tested his suspicion and still was n't satisfied with the result that supported his suspicion so asked on reddit if others were having the same experience .
i think suns have to double down on their youth and stick with ayton bridges booker and hope they get better .
chris paul role should be more like derek fisher on the lakers or jason kidd in 2011 when he was on the mavs rather than the best player on the team .
have to hope one of bridges or ayton breaks out .
i hope one day to pass my edc essentials down to my son
i would suggest these lineups more since i play a lot of ussr at this br
bmp 1 obj 906 zsu 57-2 t54 mod 1951 either obj 268 or su 122 54
or the 8.3 premium black hole where ussr actually dominates
shtrum 1 bmp 2 zsu 57-2 shilka t62 or the t55-am-1 if you have that
i 'd fuck u hard and deep for all to see maybe find another for dp or even dvp
i 'm calling booker signing the supermax as soon as he 's able to .
lmao this sub throws a fit when i mention trading herro for mitchell or lillard but then ignores the reality of posts like this which would mean we would need to trade herro+lowry to open up cap space .
it would have to be a totally white piece of paper because republicans do n't believe that black lines matter .
man super minion is so good i wonder what happened to it .
they started off being tongue in cheek pretending they were n't terrible because they still had some charm and some nostalgic value .
but it got circle jerked into these kids actually acting like the movies are good .
would you mind giving me maybe 3 examples of the kind of webcomic humour you do enjoy ?
not to say i 'll immediately copy them but it gives me a clearer frame of reference for where you 're coming from .
meet a girl online that is n't from brazil ... dating sites are awesome s
i am sure it went hand in hand i have no problem saying trump both leveraged and exacerbated the elements that were in play .
but again he is more the symptom than the problem .
lol typical leftie believing everything they are spoon fed by the media !
correct customer is always wrong they also grossly over value their worth to a business morons think they 're so important but really the business can live without the small minority of bad customers easily .
this is joy meachum she shows up in iron fist .
it may be confusing because i did n't put r/ironfist but it does n't let you post there .
and since danny rand was in the defenders i just decided to post it here lol
do n't buy a ton of decorations that take up space on surfaces in your dorm .
you will need all the counter space and desk space .
also do n't get a fancy headbaord or too many fancy pillows for your bed .
also this entire year today is the first time i have ever actually used my whiteboard to actually plan stuff and not just draw random stuff on it .
all top-level comments have to be an answer or follow-up question to the post .
all sidetracks should be directed to this comment thread as per rule 9 .
op and valued/notable contributors can close this post by using lock command
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homeworkhelp if you have any questions or concerns .
i remember taking my dog to the vet with my family when i was 18 ... he was 19. literally been there my entire life .
it feels like something fundamental to your heart is being taken away .
i 'm not gon na tell you it gets easier lots of people can tell you that already but i will tell you you 're not alone .
get through it tomorrow even if it does n't feel like you can or will cry all your tears feel it all and say what you need to say to her .
and she will always be with you in the pawprint she 's left on your heart never ever gone .
i would recommend heavily against screen protectors for note taking .
the ones that feel like paper in particular will file the tip of the pen and force you to change them and buy more .
i 'll give you a comparison of me and my friend .
i got my ipad in the middle of fall 2019 and went straight to taking notes in class no problem .
this convinced my friend to get one during black friday that same semester and he immediately got one of those paper-like screen protectors .
by the time spring break rolled around he was in his second tip looking to buy more and i am still on my first tip to this day .
i made this build for a possible golementalist https pastebin.com/zxmm4nfl https pastebin.com/zxmm4nfl
i feel like it 's better for russia to hoard foreign money innit ?
find servers and groups in the weekly server and group megathread http reddit.com/r/dayz/about/sticky ? num=1 in r/dayzservers or in r/dayzlfg
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dayz if you have any questions or concerns .
he has at least possibility to influence whatever netflix created .
i bet your moral compass would adjust in his position .
because there are more people that feel the way i do than feel the way you do .
the side that would make the most people happy is the one that should be gone with .
unless the developers truly feel that 100 random ships is what they want no matter what in which case neither side 's opinions matter anyways .
it does n't have much impact on the debt as a whole after refinancing debt mass will decrease depending on loan payments being made paid off deferred wages and bonuses to the players no way for us to know what are the arrangements on those and of course changes in amounts of stuff like potential liabilities and anticipated income from audiovisual rights .
and being abused by a person of x group or even a few people does not mean that the group is vile in principle .
its like someone saying that all doctors are malpracticing hacks that would sooner kill me than heal me because he met three or four of those guys .
imagine buying tires from a company without a blimp 😤
you do n't think having somewhere to live is a basic human right ?
let 's try to be respectful fuck you if you disagree ''
i heard years ago that amber heard abused johnny depp .
then recently i heard another person on youtube reference depp as a horrible domestic abuser .
now reading reddit i feel like everyone thinks johnny is the victim .
why are there such divided opinions about this case ?
he needed a letter from his church i believe to show he was baptized but the actual church required the conversation/meeting .
how can you not realize that if it comes to the war with russia since they are all entering nato cause they are scared of potential russian invasion not a single nato member will help your country by sending troops all they will do is send you guns and ammo but your own people will die .
same situation is in ukraine love it or hate it ukraine is not fighting their war they are fighting for us interests and they are puppet state us is controlling to fight with russia
check my snp to see how naughty ive been.. lisaoxo22
iedereen mag gay doen dat is niet enkel een privilege van homo 's !
i do n't know why they feel comfortable with running up on you and grabbing your dick but white girls do this to me all the fucking time and it pisses me off .
they do n't really expect it because i 'm so big but i 'm fucking done .
oh ok i always forget thanksgiving is an american holiday .
in that case you must convince every foreigner that your country is full of trip snakes and drop bears.😉
i would say it 's obvious then that you should not babysit and i would not stop bringing it up .
every time she said hello i would say are you sure you should socialize with a child molester ? then when she changes the subject to something like what 's for dinner i would say it does n't seem right to feed a child molester thereby giving me more energy to molest. i would n't talk about anything without bringing it up until she completely shuts down and/or flips out .
really a small number of races really had good changes
have n't read the article but it seems like what it 's saying is you 're just a woman who wants to be different which is not what a nonbinary person is at all .
besides you putting quotes around their pronouns is another bad move .
be a nice person apologise for disrespecting them and respect if they still do n't want contact with you .
my man here knows the whole fandom inside and out😏
you should design the gloves to stop ice cream dripping on your hands that ali-g wanted donald trump to make him
that 's a little odd it should look relatively normal but it wo n't look identical as you 're squishing all the hdr colour into sdr .
were you shooting using something like filmic pro with log ?
log footage will look 'flat ' when conformed to sdr you need to grade it in lumetri .
why are the comments here so rude and disgusting omg
when activated all players gain 1 fruit from the supply
i like non-polarized meta so with whatever tier 1-2 deck i queue into any other deck there is a 40-60 chance to win .
op was not saying britain is not in europe .
op is saying that brits are all doom and gloom .
it does show that she violently assaulted him for an unknown reason .
it 's not that non first world countries have a problem food but also these first world countries do as well .
and they have massive problems it 's just that in this dystopia we live in it 's completely acceptable that people are starving and if we just ignore them they do n't exist .
i read a long while back that approximately 60 of american homeless people are employed .
how can they even consider themselves a first world country .
oh and the generous '' foreign aid that the world is sending to africa made more people starve than help cause it crashed their agricultural economy .
the king of content featuring otv f is the best crossover in history
just link it show the haters you have balls and tell them you do n't give a fuck if they downvote you they 'll make you lose a few internet points so what ?
you can still comment even if your have low karma .
even if they get you banned you should n't care .
do n't let them get what they want brave little fungus .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asian_webcams if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't know why but i seriously do n't understand what 's so attractive in her and what 's with her following when so many other beautiful females out there
i brought home a bird whose previous owner never gave her any toys either .
she quickly became obsessed with snapping untreated hardwood beads .
i bought a giant toy made exclusively of wood beads from this indie toymaker called the candy necklace '' and she was busy for an entire month !
ymmv with a macaw though lol might last two days if you 're lucky 😅
dam right and do n't get me started on those notes i 'm not playing.. '' shunts !
because nobody would know when you start using a nickname .
just when it was first used on public record in his file .
pa sj slorest ni postau visokega standarda to bi še jst boljš kuhov .
nah it should be fine this happens a lot when consuming chia seeds dragon fruit ect as the do n't digest properly .
do n't worry i 'm sure they 'll confiscate if it becomes to valuable lol .
i 've been driving 35 mins to and from work everyday since before and during the pandemic and i notice my fellow commuters drive fine minus the increased amount of speed demons .
drove into the east end from the west end this past saturday and it was as if no one knew the rules of the road ...
it was terrifying and this was the exact same commute i take every day during the week .
how can i automatically search thru the dataset ? 🤔 smooth brain here🤤
caught a patient helping himself all because he was on tele and we could see his rhythm changing 😬 went in the room to check .
i could n't say anything beside are you ok ? ''
please read the subs rules and check out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/medical/wiki/index as it goes more in depth about different topics as well as other informative advice/resources .
if they 're any comments under this post that violate rule 3 community safety please report them .
remember to stay on topic and not make jokes towards the op or each other .
reminder if you think what you 're experiencing is an emergency then get off reddit and call 911 or go to your local hospital ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical if you have any questions or concerns .
ca n't think of a better way to have listened to that call .
even before he saw a pitch even coomer said something like with how this night is going i think he 'll have a special at bat ''
i think freshmen get priority and maybe transfers too ?
other than that i think it 's based on how fast you finished your housing application .
if you finished it first you might get to pick room first .
people who had medical condition probably gon na get priority as well .
show another screenshot with your entire lineup after having replaced the ones in red .
i 'll make sure to cc him cause this is going to ton first
i do however think it 's weird rl has a similar jacket and hat and wore it for interviews before video was released
world hunger just like the supply chain is way too complex to just brute force fix with money .
i have a little sister too one time my nmom hit her in the face so hard she gave her a bloody nose .
cps did n't really do anything but having social workers show up at the house scared both my parents to the point my nmom stopped hitting us but not me oh boy she loved to hit me at least .
edit also before reporting see if you can stay with a family member or friend 's family ! !
the world is a big scary place but it 's not as scary as staying with your abusive parents .
unsure why there 's always this venomous debate involving two equally dumb things as if multiple things ca n't be stupid at the same time .
when did people become so rigid in their thought process ?
wtf i said this once and got downvoted to oblivion .
opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikimobilelinkbot message=optout subject=optout beep boop .
putting konstrakta on my graduation cap because i got ta embody that killing the televote vibes compared to my classmates being switzerland in the televote
yeah but you never had a problem when disney talked about straight issues .
you did n't boycott disney when a princess kissed a prince but now your making a fuss because they had a guy dance with another guy .
you act like disney is trying to show graphic gay sex on screen or something which is very much not what they are doing .
i 'm still pooping but that sounded like a good gooooaalll ... .
minor issue that would only affect a small amount of people .
the real solution they need to work on is speeding up opening the game to be on par with every other game opening up in a few seconds at most .
either she acts like a sister 100 of the time but do n't come up being all friendly when she really is n't
i 'm sorry but anyone who thinks that camille vasquez was unprofessional or mean needs their head examined .
because the first ammendment explicitly states that would be illegal .
i will say purely anecdotally that having spent a lot of time on parts of the internet where watching people get shot is a form of entertainment the most common good guy with a gun scenario involves stopping an armed robbery not usually a mass shooting .
the armed robbery thing seems to happen with decent regularity just based on the number of different ones i 've seen .
with mass shootings the shooter is usually better armed/prepared and even sometimes armored .
it 's probably a losing fight even for someone with a handgun unless they get in a lucky shot .
edit take for example the recent buffalo mass shooting .
the security guard successfully shot the culprit but he was wearing body armor and was not injured by it .
why else would you want to see a young man 's license and home address unless you were planning something unsavoury
see too can play at the wild accusations with 0 basis game
honestly the other four he was truly cursed as he either played amazing and still lost or got injured .
this year it stings though 9/3/6 with 3.6 tov/game after being up 2-0 is ungodly bad .
here is a link to some cases done with sdc .
on this subreddit there are lot of trolls like the guy below talking nonsense about sdc but you clearly see results
please make sure to follow all general internet safety practices .
we do not recommend responding to any private messages or chat requests as they may pose a risk to your safety .
if you receive any inappropriate messages please report them to reddit https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/categories/360003247491-rules-reporting and block the user .
if you notice any potentially predatory activity on the subreddit please send us a modmail https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fteenagers .
all sexually suggestive comments will be removed and met with a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
well i dabble a little in all of it when the mood hits me .
gold buying is a huge chunk of every mmorpgs economy now that it 's so streamlined .
has nothing to do with blizzard they 're doing good ban waves all the time it 's just so widely used by the community at large there 's not much you can do .
i have attained more reddit karma than you while you have gotten none .
is it truly even a friendship if an nda is involved
something being possible and stating something as a fact in your subject line are two different things .
showing evidence of 'them ' manipulating things is fine saying 'they ' are without evidence is not .
he wo n't apologise for anything willingly much less something he does n't consider a fuck up .
to say i do n't hold a hose mate '' just shows you what he views as his responsibility vs what he does n't .
can you imagine if this cunt was the president of ukraine ?
he would 've folded on the first day and run to the us with jenny and the kids because ... he does n't hold a kalashnikov .
14 point celtics lead turns into an 18 point heat lead
i 'm fucking baffled to how that 's even possible what in the actual fuck happened at halftime
tip 2 would be try not to pull yourself up the wall
hmmm is this the first time you see art like that ?
that could be why it looks off to you .
they could have chose not to trade for him and had two meddling garbage infielders playing
is n't the ripper skin only available in the lonely howl dlc which costs actual dollars ?
i take issue with his personality but i have massive respect for him as a player .
even then i ca n't agree that he 's the best high school player at least not in terms of technical skills and he 'd be the first to tell you that .
in fact he 's only about the fourth best setter we see by the end of the tournament .
the only technical skill that i 'd argue oikawa has that 's the best we see is his jump serve
in terms of composition the 2nd angle is the best one because you can clearly see what 's going on at a first glance .
the 1st image does n't clearly show that bt is saluting in fact i mistook the elbow for it 's head at first .
the 3rd image feels like they 're to cramped in the middle leaving a lot of negative space in the sides .
the 4th is the same as the 1st you ca n't clearly see the salute from this angle .
keep going at it and you 'll be great at it in no time .
bro definitely has potential to be a good player but he 's been thrown in the fire
either you are buying it at fantasyland or you think the marks where the jockey whipped it tenderizes it .
if you do n't need the money leave it just as is if/when cro rallies up with the rest of the market you 'll be ready to break even or take profits on the spot .
my stake ends in less than a month and i 'll be holding it .
bu tip şeyler matematik öğrenmeye benzer bir çok insanla ve tecrübeyle gittikçe artan bi ilişki kurman lazım sürekli sorgula bir yandan araştır piskoloji makaleleri oku
most people do n't get 10 minutes of that a week .
it 's why most of our clients show up .
this would help if you want to make your own https youtu.be/2pxrfhujzmm https youtu.be/ix2nq1lq4zm
keep an eye on that thing because velocity blackthorne vulcan hesse .
r/onlyfansnerdygirls is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnerdygirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
if you want to help keep these bots running please consider donating via patreon or stripe https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/donations !
this chrome extension for the rm2 is so useful .
i have n't found any simple way to do change a website to a pdf and then put it on my sn .
the rm2 also has a leg up with their marker plus that has an eraser end it 's so handy to just flip the marker and swipe away sloppy writing instantly .
but the sn ceramic nibs counter that advantage and the hom markers just look and feel classier as long as you do n't try to press the cap on the end while you write !
someone should tell them to program their bots to be a little less obvious 😂
server 2003 probably does n't meet the requirements to work with the az storage modules .
i love a good mitch hedberg joke and you 've combined two into one .
yeah i do n't think it was kd 's childhood dream to go to golden state
i was going to say where the hell is traci ?
do we know why she has n't been on ?
i am obviously not complaining because she was pretty useless .
if we 're 4 we could still end up with ivey and work out fit 4 .
or we could have a surprise and someone from the consensus top 3 falls to us .
did n't say you were one ... said you sound just like one .
i 'll take a hipster over a redneck big oil repugnican wannabe any day .
and i know all the insurances i 've been on require certain counts from blood work to even be considered to get them
currently a 10 gallon if i find the space i 'll probably move towards a 20 gallon !
this post made me so happy and i 'm so happy for you two !
and the cute little quirks just make things better thank you so much for sharing ! !
i would wear what i want to the occasion and hand her a bag with the dress she purchased in it and perhaps politely phrase it as thank you for the offer of a dress however i have my own style that i like to wear and feel comfortable in so please save your money and i will chose my own clothing .
mil needs to remember you are not her daughter and a bit of basic respect for you both as you are adults .
definitely a door stop or have your dh advise her to stop walking into the bedroom when you are sleeping or alternatively arrange to stay somewhere else .
that 's just a drop dead run get the ied and give me intracardiac epinephrine coin .
peter schiff is right a lot you never really listen to his podcast you 're just one of those people that see the comments like broken clock”and you think that he 's wrong because supposedly he says there 's gon na be a crash every month but that 's not really true he does n't really say specifically when he just says things are looking bad which is true .
i like the emerald on you and with this band
if somewhere else i 'd be glad to know where and what kind of foods available there .
nonsense why do you think azovstal has such a massive underground complex ?
the excess hand gestures were lame but the over-animated closeup of kaidou was just awkward and it kind of clips off strangely .
hopefully tony can quit being so god damn stubborn and lean on guys like regal for advice and implement a better structure to fix some of the issues that have been pointed out in this thread .
oh very nice it is the meet the one and only mike pollock on ... reddit .
i 've got to admit this does seem a bit similar to san francisco .
we 've got lot 's of crazy people but mostly on the streets and there are no consequences for crazy behavior until someone gets seriously hurt or injured .
the biggest insult was she was still around during the red war .
look i know you lost your light and so did everyone else .
but care to purchase some goods from eververse for a small fee of 800 ge err silver ?
unpopular opinion but i was okay with not having to go through another commencment ceremony
that 's not the vitamin d i was talking about but good looking out !
u/glowingkneejer my thanks for the karma thou'st given to us'r u/top-slide5935 !
if thine heart should bend prithee contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/beyondthefog subject=about+the+firekeeper message of r/beyondthefog .
not without their consent first yes you can get it it 's as easy as saying hey are you cool if i do next to you while you sleep '' some people will say yeah go for it '' others will find it uncomfortable and invasive .
i 'm assuming you did n't even discuss it with him first .
look relationships do n't mean you can just skip consent .
if it 's not something you 'd do around a friend or stranger it does n't hurt to ask for consent first .
so recently i read chiller from webtoon and it has animations happening while scrolling the webtoon app buy in tachiyomi it does n't work any suggestions ?
in mind finding 4 boys in a pack of 10 seeds is always a possibility with regs .
good genetics does not have anything to do with male/female ratio .
yes the majority of your bacteria lives in your filter but there 's still tons of bacteria in your substrate .
completely cleaning out your sand and filter on the same day can cause biological crash .
the gravel/sand houses a lot of bacteria cause that 's where poop usually ends up before it goes into the filter and plus it 's just porous in general .
what 's important is that you do n't do the filter and gravel cleaning on the same day .
that 's the reason why it matters not because it actually does most of the work but because your cycle can be ruined if you 're not careful
yeah that 's tom pelphrey he 's awesome in everything he 's in .
i hope he hits it big at some point .
⬇️ download link https reddit.tube ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/comments/us0er3/would_be_incredible_to_give_mbb_a_drenching for this post .
please remember to read and follow all the rules https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/about/rules !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jerkofftoceleb if you have any questions or concerns .
remember when they were claiming azovstal was full of nato generals the french wanted humanitarian corridors to evacuate their generals and french foreign legion troops that russian forces captured an american major all this crazy shit
a small two door short bed pickup ala toyota sr5 the original not the current bloated model .
i was one of those mean people that tweeted at this baby man
popping in wand does not require a domain you can use localhost if you have a linux machine/vm .
these live threads fucking suck just let me downvote nerds damn
in my opinion they are n't very well written because most rarely if ever talk about feelings or anything other than the immediate plot .
we are n't shown much of who they are as people .
that 's basically what happened with his last spoken word essay thing about sports all changing fast it was basically the same shit he 's said a thousand times but regurgitated into a written down performance
random thought but depending upon the age of the building and how the ductwork is setup i suppose it 's feasible they have to keep the entire building that cool just to keep the server room s at a safe temp .
lord knows a lot of gov buildings are not exactly modernized so perhaps ?
30-something sds are common enough that overall you 'll be fine .
it 's not about your wealth it 's about your ability to provide the allowance .
if you can hit those numbers you 're good .
nobody cares what your net worth or salary is .
you ca n't get away with less allowance because you 're young .
if you 're approaching this with the mindset of how do i get more for less because i 'm so young '' you 're in the wrong place .
here 's some direct feedback your first paragraph did not convince me that you 're not looking to brag . ''
entitlement and attitude are big reasons young sds sometimes have a bad reputation .
one of my past sbs had a past sd who flew her private and took her on his yacht .
maybe budget a little more than you think you need to because it can get addictive .
i signed up but there was nowhere to put the code in ?
i 'm waiting for adventure buff to do it .
okay so because you only have 4 brain cells i 'll explain this very very delicately .
it consists of employees processes and a standing system to produce value by providing a service or product .
the shareholders own the company but they do n't own it permanently .
they have control of the company in relation to how many shares they own .
so the shareholders can make the company do things that are bad for the company ... because they plan on selling their shares after the bad thing happens .
if that does n't work you may want to take some time off reddit and work on pulling your head from your ass .
montes worlds format preposition as an example of why he is being a hypocrite about msi is n't a good example since both are different tournaments .
them being different tournaments does n't explain why the exact same events are considered good in one event and terrible in another .
so again how are major regions shitting on minor regions in one sided games a good thing when it 's at worlds but a horrible format failure when it happens at msi ?
in 2020 lng went 1-3 in playins and mad even lost to sup and did n't make it to the knockout stage .
you sure i 'm the one who did n't watch the games ?
you were on 499 updoots so i felt obliged to make it 500 even though it would have gotten there anyway and i would have upvoted regardless it still felt pretty satisfying .
came in here to say that asshole behaviour by them .
class from the lad that shook his hand and showed genuine respect .
i even saw her live at the improv in la and she was horrible .
there 's never oxygen inside the propane tank no matter how empty it is .
the gas inside is a mix of vapor-phase propane and whatever inert gas they used to pressurize it
that 's just how the shirt was designed to look nothing sus going on here
laugh now die later she the type to laugh in front of the class then cry in her room bout it
alternatively india might actually make faster progress in these areas if it accepted the services of military advisors from the quad ...
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=azeroeightone .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
most of the time those are dot poisons this is all that damage at once .
maybe try going with a social media platform like discord where you can hang out until they move out ?
i would argue that people most often act in what they believe their self interest is which can in many cases not actually be in their self interest .
please be aware that all posts to this subreddit are public and therefore viewable by anyone .
you can use this form https forms.gle/tqeufte2ne6bzskd6 and u/anonadultsurvivors will make an anonymous post on your behalf .
you will need to delete this post after using the form .
it is not uncommon for members of this subreddit to receive unsavoury or creepy private messages .
it is worth noting that asking for or offering private messages to other members of this subreddit is against our rules .
you can assume that anyone messaging you is breaking that rule and we urge caution .
for more information please see our privacy tips post https www.reddit.com/r/adultsurvivors/comments/pfbfx1/privacy_tips_including_followers_update .
if you see anything that does n't look right or you do receive unwelcome direct messages please use the report button to notify the moderators or send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/adultsurvivors .
you can also report directly to reddit using this link https www.reddit.com/report
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adultsurvivors if you have any questions or concerns .
though i believe you have to pay a fee call to confirm
think we 'll be hearing more of this ... ..
twenty-six thousand ukrainians have arrived in the uk on the homes for ukraine scheme .
most of the matches have been a success but there is now concern about the increasing number of sponsorships breaking down leaving ukrainians homeless with pressure on local councils to house them .
olga and her three-year-old son nikita came from war to a country she 'd never been to a language she does n't speak and a family she had n't met .
our kids were playing in the same room and my kid scared her older son and nikita did n't want to let him out of the room . ''
she said the sponsor whom she describes as a good person was worried her children would be traumatised by nikita 's behaviour so she asked them to leave .
in tears olga said i feel bad for my son ...
i do n't know how long it will take to find a new sponsor . ''
after the bbc contacted the local authorities rugby borough council found them a hostel to stay in .
the council says it will try and find another family to host them .
for many the scheme is a lifeline and the government says only a small number of sponsorships are breaking down .
but due to its unregulated nature it 's clear some matches are not working out that there are risks and some ukrainians are ending up without a place to stay.
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/prostateplay/comments/usemr2/is_rubbing_my_spread_butt_and_unit_handsfree_on_a in r/prostateplay was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
the title is supposed to summarize your content the submission body is where the discussion should take place .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in a possible ban .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/prostateplay if you have any questions or concerns .
property being an investment or safe asset for global millionaires then left empty definitely drives up rent prices and increases homelessness .
i have friends who were homeless/couch hopping at times purely due to finances .
some simple points on your query based on my experiences below
avoid using very specific terms specially those adopted from internet like derealization depersonalization to capture what is happening .
remember that post-meditation session mind becomes active again and is curious to label what happened or is happening and is susceptible to build and unconsciously multiply specific narratives having childhood trauma etc .
most of the time this is what actually causes panic worry rather than the experience itself .
notice this self-fulfilling tendency of mind too and instead revert your attention back to the minute sensations and feelings with equanimity .
starting to develop a third party perspective witness consciousness is normal once meditation becomes natural part of routine .
it likely does invite some worry as old ego structures and traumatic memories become more transparent .
instead 'actively ' interpret this is as a good sign as these elements were probably earlier guiding your behavior sub-consciously .
so remind your self to be happy that you are now more free and revert your attention back to the present sensation and feelings .
remember that attention has the ability to always go meta i.e if worry comes up make it attention 's object and just notice it dispassionately same with anxiety .
brownie points if you could simultaneously feel tension/tightness in some parts of the body as worry/anxiety arises .
last but not least try to maintain a meditation journal and follow a daily physical activity like running or gyming and as a last resort if some effects of meditation become overwhelming its ok to stop meditation for some time relax and consult someone experienced in both meditation and medical field near you .
super common not worth much throw it in the trash
the woodwind music instructor at my middle school threw a chair at a kid with special needs because he was n't playing his clarinet part correctly .
ca n't believe that asshole did n't get fired .
true they 've been doing no mow may for months now
i think it 's actually a pretty good graph .
it 's nice and information dense without being too much .
also i 'm suprised tchaikovsky does n't have more of a following .
maybe not up there with stephenson/expanse/scalzi but i was expecting it to me more picked up than blake crouch .
he 's certainly my favourite of the lot well stephenson is amazing but incredibly inconsistent .
edit the y-axis should have been logarithmic i guess too
when video game prices shot up to 70 cad then 80 and then bestbuy.ca etc .
eliminated pre-order discounts ... no recourse but to just buy less .
we might be back at 2008 prices again sometime in our lives but it 's not gon na be soon !
the greatest benefit to mankind published by norton author rory porter .
the beginnings of western science by david c lindberg .
each of these are good by themselves but together they cover a wide range .
i as a player can use a d20 or any other dice to determine how my character responds to something .
or if i think my character was intelligent enough to have the thought i as a player had .
or to see what color of socks i put on that day .
any non-mechanical options i want to leave to chance are my own .
i as a player do not get to say i rolled an 18 on perception what do i see .
or i rolled a 26 on insight is he lying ?
hi i have tickets to the frankfurt july 5th if you 're interested !
sister fister the a lister you just just missed her .
you may have kissed her the sister of mister fister .
the last thing we need is putting our chips in another injury prone guy imo .
we 're building a championship team considering health and availability is increasingly more important .
continues weakness in the chinese economy is going to have major implications for growth this year .
especially for countries involved in the belt and road initiative .
combined this with food and energy inflation and developed economies raising rates it is a really bad year to be an emerging market or low income nation .
also i 've heard the food there is really good there .
hopefully once i 'm older i 'll be able to afford it or if i join a big rockhounding group once i 'm an adult maybe i 'll be able to travel with them !
africa has the best crystals i swear though i would be a tad worried about quarries on land that 's considered incredibly important to native groups .
i also love learning about how minerals and crystals are viewed in different cultures .
also i have a soft spot for the wildlife .
ofc i would n't want them taken outta the wild i just like learning about them and possibly seeing them in their habitats .
ball pythons are already overbred no need to take the royals outta the wild
singapore is one of the most expensive places in the world to live.. if you think you 'd have an easier time there than in america you 're kidding yourself .
the electrical grid was built years ago but its still maintained daily by a ton of workers .
i know lots of linemen i own an electrical company so i deal with them daily .
homes are being built daily the builders deserve to be compensated .
without them the housing shortage would be even worse .
i never said that closing the distance to less than what is safe is reasonable that 's when it becomes tailgating .
closing the distance enough to signal you 'd like to be going faster while still being safe is perfectly reasonable though .
and if someone is in the passing lane and not passing while holding up traffic behind them their speed and the speed limit are completely irrelevant .
if you 're in the passing lane and someone comes up behind you going faster you should move right as soon as it is safe to do so .
whether you 're going the speed limit or they 're going faster than the speed limit is n't relevant at all .
unless you 're a cop policing the road is n't your responsibility .
i had the same thing happen at betfred az .
you could not even get to the withdrawal screen threw an error .
support said we do n't know when it will be fixed if ever '' and suggested i get a check mailed and close the account and open a new one .
finally got the check after 2 weeks ... was sweating it as i had 5 in there .
do n't know if i 'll open a new account seems pretty shady or just incompetent .
on the other hand maybe i 'll get a signup bonus again
ya malik monk got discussed more than 90 of basketball players this season and earned himself a larger contract .
i 'm kind of holding out hope for rothfus ' doors of stone but not really expecting anything .
those phone junkies i hate this attitude so much .
if they would n't need to sleep they would be on the phone 24/7 watching stupid vids or other b*llshit ...
my vote goes towards a high-risk high-reward immobile drill-style move with the lance that does massive dps
i think she is hired for certain job as she gets 18
i ca n't find my favorite baby formula rn .
in my group i felt like no one was participating .
the person who won did n't score that high but the difference between him and the others was huge .
i always wondered if you had paid say 55 of the house off before losing your income i assume the bank would eventually still take it to sell but do you get whatever is left after they get their 45 of the original loan back from the sale ?
if your hdd makes that sound you should get a new one !
with undercity no longer in the hands of the horde i do n't know why we have n't taken gilneas back yet .
because maybe i am insanely gullible because she seems believable to me .
i do n't think i am as gullible as you think i am though .
i was a huuuuge depp fan so i really hope i am totally wrong .
my brother just went through a lawsuit as well where the victim was proven to be insane and made up a whole shit of abuse .
the judge even said it never should have made it to court .
i 'm saying this to highlight that if i have a bias it is toward depp but i am finding it a stretch to defend him from what i am watching .
i want somebody like aurelius or augustus or darius .
a person willing and capable of running america inc. in the interest of the plebs not the patricians .
somebody who knows how all the gears and systems work who can fix what 's broken get rid of the absolute cess-pool of corruption and graft and get the machine working again .
fuck this stupid high school popularity contest bullshit where we choose rulers based on who offers the best bribes .
we really need to figure out the skill-set required to run a nation then change the selection criteria so we can actually filter for that instead of 'who 's most biddable to the big business and donor interests ' ?
i do n't see kim divorcing jimmy bc of howard 's suicide .
kim is the one who pushed for this scheme more than jimmy did .
jimmy seemed a bit shaken since season 5 finale .
besides kim is quite comfortable and happy with her current situation with jimmy .
i see her possibly moving away as a result of a great opportunity offered to her with the help of the guitar guy i forget his name ... something that is currently in the workings .
i worked for a company whose ceo was determined that ipads were going to be the new tool for our sales team .
they spent a boat load of money on a few hundred ipads i configured them with an mdm solution and set up apps for most functions and the first sales meeting was everyone complaining they wanted keyboards and wanted to be able to print easier ... .so they wanted laptops .
i think ukraine was one of the most corrupt governments at the time they got way better after
yes same with countries such as albania and bulgaria .
who got the membership after all and not ukraine .
imo a tactical nuke is n't out of the question at all .
i doubt china would cut ties with russia considering they still have their own eyes on taiwan and us hegemony in the world .
they will still balance the situation just like india is doing with us and russia .
the point is do n't put your debit card online .
no it is n't look how much faster irl is in the hairpin vs the game .
it also smells of skunk if the leaves are bruised so it 's not really that appetizing .
we eat some animals and we eat some plants but it seems like we should n't eat plants named after animals .
there are age restrictions on cough medicine in some places that 's probably as far as it 'll go anywhere else in the us but you never know
i love the leadership he showed in the tournament .
he became one of two guys coach k trusted to take the ball up the court as a 4 !
on defense and even when he was off-ball on offense he was directing teammates .
i think he would be the perfect fit to establish our new culture bc we really do n't have that vocal leader on this team .
funny i tried this and it was not accepted as evidence .
that one day every person in this nation will control their own destiny !
grabs a handful of rendered animal fat for lubricant and gets to work .
the s is to save my a in the reddit comments .
the mental gymnastics are just funny at this point and i love watching everyone lose their minds over headlines and articles .
when the election gets closer these same people are going to lose their minds with everything
muy buenos consejos todos gracias el problema mío es q soy demasiado blanda y las veces q he sido severa me he sentido mal no se porq cosa mía de mi personalidad aunq poco a poco espero tomar el control de la situación
no opener an hour after doors open there 's a one hour dj set then dave for about an hour and 20
on the occasion that i wake up in the middle of the night it 's nice to know the time to see if i should go back to bed .
it 's a beater watch so i do n't have to worry about it
yeah i 'm definitely rooting against these countries without watching .
it 's not like arob nor nagy were helping him last year
not to mention asked for a price then didnt even do the show but asked for more money ... sooo you know enter at your own risk
the supply of stock low mile q50s is quickly dwindling .
nope they just questioned the dictatorship of the cat guy
your comment has been removed because it violates rule 1 be civil https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/about/rules .
why do i have to be civil in a sub about assholes ?
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
way better than the 8th edition artwork where everything looked like halo warhammer should be unique
tell me you do n't understand statistics and have confirmation bias without telling me you do n't understand statistics and have confirmation bias .
se eu for perguntar oque eu quiser eu tomo ban
according to the vulgar militia ashes the people of tlb were violently prejudiced against short people .
ranni must hate being like 5 feet tall now .
cut close to the image the exact outline of the image .
definitely not an idiot but i do n't blame you for being a little worried .
those tires yeah are heavy and probably are nudged it there well but i doubt being on the highway is the best idea .
yes and i always make sure to have a rt workshop in circulation throughout my playthroughs .
for me it allows me to be way more aggressive with my best/better weapons .
when one gets to yellow i just switch it out for another good weapon .
it saves so many parts in the long run .
i think this will be especially useful when the infestations rework comes around and infestations will be popping up like weeds endangering your outposts amd forcing you to confront them and their hordes
if someone steals a loaf of bread is it as illegal as killing someone ?
same goes with sin one would be punished for drinking alcohol for example but not as harshly as someone who let himself go with homosexuality
you ca n't get there from kihei only kula highway and hana highway .
you should use the map app on your phone and look at the roads
it 's not about the stock it 's us .
they know when not if we win we will go after them again with another stock .
if they beat us they know there will be alot less people aka apes piling in .
i 've never seen a type 56 norinco with a bladed bayo however .
not in a shop or until recently on a listing .
i do n't know/think this rifle is the most common at all .
this is what happens when you lose your cheid brandi officer .
if you have a mexican grocery store they will also carry it which is where i typically shop for it
what settings do you put your iphone in to get your pictures ?
my wife and i are taking pics of the moon nightly and her android captures on the s20 is far superior to my iphone 12 max pro .
at one point she said they found child porn right ?
shout out to our poor depressed bear-ram daddy in hiding after volibara ate his gay polycule 😔
yeah alot of complicated items do look complicated when separated
we had a whopper removed a few years ago almost as tall as the mature douglas fir right next to it and we 're still fighting the damned little offshoots .
at one point it was growing up through our toilet .
i respect all dylan opinions within the realm of sanity of which this one certainly is .
both are great but the hazy spooky last-call-before-closing sound of toom makes for a thematic masterpiece .
l t has great songs arguably more interesting lyrics although not more heart-wrenching but the music man .
nothing on l t stands up to standing in the doorway or trying to get to heaven .
i 'm even glad mississippi stayed off toom because i just do n't know how it would 've fit the theme .
i won the chin up cup tree weeks in a row
i think they are seeing if there are any people still leaking info or not too
so then yes per oxford american billionaires would be considered oligarchs ?
hi submitted biometrics on april 4 so six plus weeks .
i do n't think the leather trim is high enough grade for handles and top area .
this bag is rather expensive for retail and i ca n't imagine the inside being that bad .
one time my work forced my coworker to work over the hours we are contractually not supposed to go over in a year and then told him that he owes them 4k
vote spam new click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_spam message=usqu0h vote approve new click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_approve message=usqu0h
yea sorry i never got the notification for this comment but it was unfortunately sold already .
i will be posting more here soon now that my mother plant can focus on more pups rather than this chonker sucking up all the nutes
ugh kyle and erika just ruined one of my favorite perfumes .
i had a i really wish i was born a straight white man '' kinda day yesterday
op reminds me why are gas station/combini combos so rare in japan ?
are other parts of the world more like japan or the us in this regard ?
we already have a battle master 's steel defender doing just that but nobody complained because it did n't matter if a pc 's minion dealt magical bps or force damage .
applied to npcs this change now impacts the definitive ability for an entire class and that 's not cool .
i 'd attribute that to anxiety more than anything .
imagine your kid just barely avoided being slammed in the head by a fan you 'd be a little worked up to .
also i 100 enjoy a good head/scalp scratch or rub btw
i mean marvel does n't straight adapt their comic stories .
they take maybe the gist or certain ideas and then do their own thing .
plenty to pull from in my opinion even if you just did something silly like death troopers
everytime i see a post from r/teenagers i die a little bit inside .
so all i am hearing is indirect plane buff direct plane buff marker buff and charrrrrrrrrge ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
because it 's for a mega storage system that holds every item/block that can be obtained in survival .
there 'd be no point including unobtainable items and blocks for a storage that ca n't hold it anyways .
we know we ca n't get bedrock in survival so why include it into the storage system if it ca n't be gathered ?
it 's not your role to be sure about it you contact the police and they do it .
you 're just risking to either ruin the validity of the proof or getting yourself into trouble
you 're going to have to continue being patient and stay consistent with training hard and eating .
you exercised your freedom and took back your autonomy as a human .
not that this comment carries any significance because i am a random person i am proud of you for being courageous and being independent .
modern russia has almost no traces of communism albeit a lot of soviet-era technology infrastructure and symbolism .
in terms of government and national ideology it is dramatically different .
if anything putin is a right-wing nationalist and neo-fascist .
unsolved mysteries '' was a more serious show about unsolved crimes of people going missing .
ah okay well i did post an image too if you wan na use it for reference
the book by athreya and lahiri would count but i do n't see anything by the authors you say .
basically everyone in my family has a romantic partner except me and i 've been single for like 4-5 years now .
i 'm stressed about a certification test coming up in like 2 weeks i 'm stressed about getting a job .
things just keep coming up and i 'm soooo overwhelmed and anxious
it 's broken yes but you could use a stick to keep the petiole up until a new leaf is born .
most importantly check the rest of the plant in the pot and make sure there is one or more nodes .
that leaf wo n't be immortal but the plant will be with lovely care .
i will check when i go to my next sleep center appointment
back in the day when kids would mix all the fountain pop we used to call it swamp water so ... swamp grass ?
are we just going to point out details that are just reflections or light ?
i think i got the call on memorial day but the surgery did n't happen until the next morning .
so i 'm actually kind of jumping the gun saying 21 years .
it wo n't officially be 21 years for 10 more days or so .
so i did just a couple of weeks short of 4 years on dialysis before getting my transplant .
tesla has been a violator of the clean air act since 2016 because they do n't even report emissions .
yeah our second halves and late in them has actually been very good .
we have been easy pickings for the last few yrs around that time in the game hope we keep this good turnaround going
it is likely just a level 5 urban road with turn lanes with a level 3 urban road crossing .
i do n't know which intersection this is supposed to be but the left-right would probably have a turn lane also unless it is a low traffic count roadway such as at an entrance to a subdivision .
this post was about joining the us army not the usaf and us space force .
i enjoy my natas only one way ... by the half dozen
as far as i remember it 's zinnervale kadan thirain asta
still not high density living outside of the city but lots of dedicated paths for walking and biking and using electric scooters .
urban highways service the remainder of car traffic and allow drivers to get around fast .
however driving is not appealing in perth because their metro network is so good .
not a perfect city but within the boundaries of post colonial cities they did a good job .
bro i 've been waiting 2 months for that bal hoodie from ly.. when did you order it ?
does he have a fully loaded 18 wheeler that even comes close to the performance of the diesel trucks ?
that level of battery and electric motor technology is at least a decade away .
lol being a monogamist is immature just let me laugh
id rather they deal with the core issue rather than waste time on bandaid fixes rare hp sponge 2403096 has no identity and never will with combat working the way it does on both monsters and us players it all boils down to running around right clicking you cant design meaningful combat in visual puke that is mapping bosses/minibosses you can tho but not random rares with random affixes in random places .
mine was sonic 3d blast followed by sadx followed by heroes
nobody who tries to overthrow the us government should represent texas .
use caution there are con artists scammers and sexual predators on reddit .
as such we strongly encourage posters to disable their chat and pms while their post is up
this is a strictly sfw subreddit for platonic non-sexual friendships .
no asking for upvotes donations favors or professional therapy .
no posts complaining about lack of replies or ghosting outside the weekly casual discussion/meta thread .
users with high nsfw content will be temp-banned 80 after mod-review .
users who contact minors 18 y/o with any nsfw content in their profile will be permabanned after mod-review .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/needafriend if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's the same if someone has a flimsy lock on the back door of their house .
that does n't give anyone the right to break in and rob the place or set it on fire .
i 've personally never left the stadium during the game .
if headingly has the same rules as ot than you are allowed to take soft drinks and food in with just not any alcohol .
i normally take a few butties and some crisps and chocolate to eat .
i 'll still probably buy a burger and chips or something but it saves spending loads on food .
water is useful especially if it 's a hot day and your planning on drinking alcohol .
if you or anyone you 're going with would like to drink white win then buying a few bottles of sprite emptying it out and filling it with wine can make your day a lot cheaper .
just put those bottles at the bottom and maybe leave a normal sprite on at the top .
also works with coke if you like that mixed with something .
you then just buy a glass of wine and keep refilling .
i 'd definitely stay the whole day and i 'd personally want to get there at least an hour maybe 2 hours before the first ball .
it 's nice to wander round the stadium for a bit while it 's still quieter .
you can take headphones or buy the ecb ones so you can listen to commentary if you 'd like but i 've never done that personally .
you 'll notice the that the crowd will build in excitement as the day goes on .
the first session is normally quite quiet with people filtering in and slowly waking up .
the afternoon and evening session gets a bit louder as fans have a few more pints and a few more songs and beach balls come out .
i mean khonshu is hot but we do n't have to exaggerate .
since soviet times the armed forces have spent summer helping to gather the harvest and also put out wild fires .
it seems it is hard to imagine in mind like he uses other spells .
i am trying this on her as soon as i get done work lol .
respect the machine and treat it like it will kill you without hesitation because it will if you are careless .
i started on an fz6 and moved to a 1000 a few years later .
i 'm not sure what centrist or moderates you are talking to which makes you think this is .
in most cases of centrists i know a centrists isnts pulled in two opposite directions but is pushed in two directions .
a quote like that is something that makes the right look silly and pushes the general favour to left facing .
albeit i 'm nit a teen so maybe i do n't have much clarity
unfortunately the basis of our gameplay loop requires the vehicle to keep moving without stopping with the player getting penalized for stopping too long .
whilst i 'm sure unreal 's vehicle and wheel implementation is good i ca n't really risk the vehicle hitting a snag and turning upside down or launching off into space that 's just the nature of physics in games eventually it 'll break and the player will get penalized for something that 's not their fault .
fortunately i 've already come up with a raycast vehicle solution so that 's not a problem anymore .
about https redd.it/dw7lux wiki rules https www.reddit.com/r/lightpieces/comments/dw7lux/about/f7kke6p reply ! delete to remove brackets hide titles
pardoned they think they 'll get a medal and some whacky title because drump 's a king not a president .
amazing what happens when you start throwing straightish punches .
for the life of me i 'll never understand how some peoples natural proclivity is to throw giant loopers starting from way back in texas .
you could have just said black students and you 'll sound like less of a racist ... instead you got ta reduce and dehumanize those children to numbers
i literally just replayed oblivion then burned out and replayed the entire halo reach campaign on legendary and was about to continue the story through hce but got huge osrs cravings .
i 'm now grinding the f out of my newly created osrs account and even bought membership a few days into it and i 'm having a blast .
tbh i figured there 's no way there 's cain in that shyt ... not on tv at least .
but i still would n't be surprised if he was a coke head .
he 's way to similar to my dad for me to not think he 's a coke head
le gouvernement construit des édifices trop chers parce que les contracteurs se graissent sur les contrats gouvernementaux et des normes de construction over the top .
pendant 20 ans ça va bien mais les édifice commencent à vieillir à cause d'un sous financement .
les concierges d'édifices se syndicalise et font des moyens de pressions une fois au 4 ans .
on fait de la rénovations des logements une question nationale .
ça niaise encore pendant une dizaine d'années et quand on fini par rénové ça coûte le triple parce qu'on a niaiser .
i 'm wondering if it 's a glitch since there 's no reason for me to have been flagged partner does n't use reddit other accounts never go on the same subs did n't get a warning etc .
i just upvoted a cute picture of a ferret !
if that was what you were arguing i would have agreed with you
did you think i 'd be scared to shit on my own team ?
some good deals about on agv k3-sv at the moment .
it 's a decent helmet not too heavy with an internal sun visor chin curtain great when it 's cold removable lining comes with pinlock fairly quiet has speaker recesses .
not a flip up and does n't have a peak though .
currently on sale for between £150-£230 depending on seller and design .
the k5 is coming down in price now too have n't tested one of those though .
arsenal fans you 're ruining my life bahhhh ! ! ! ''
hey some are just following orders and being quiet about their colleagues being liars thieves rapists illicit drug dealers and murders .
you need to get your eyes checked mon ami or perhaps you are having a stroke
this page https wiki.freecadweb.org/assembly4_workbench has everything you need for a4 .
the short version is to use a4 you need to give each part a local coordinate system '' lcs which you fix to a particular point on that part typically the point where you want to attach another part .
then you create an assembly and add the parts to it and define how to arrange those parts with respect to their individual lcss .
report promotes terrorism supports russian invasion into ukraine war crimes and the genocide of ukrainian people committed by russian soldiers '' .
oh yeah maybe europe as a whole is too general .
here in germany i 'd say it 's fairly common to stick to the right on stairs escalators and the like .
i am in the process of setting up my first 40g breeder tank .
far from adding anything but wife and i want to add a few fish in our future reef .
are there any info sources we could read/watch that goes over how to add them to the tank in order if there 's a wait period etc. ?
we would n't add all at once but would love to see what gets along with what and when to add them and what order .
i also use qksms but to be honest i prefer the ui in com.android.messaging .
that 's why i was asking if it has gotten any recent updates .
your post was automatically removed because we want post titles to be more descriptive to make it easier for the helpers to know if they might be able to help or not without opening each post .
side note before resubmitting if you have a recording of the actual song you can call the music recognition bot in our weekly thread https www.reddit.com/r/namethatsong/about/sticky ? num=2 this link might only work in a browser
please post with a title that fits one of these 3 options depending on your question
for identifying a song/artist/album please include at least one of these details in your title
era/year genre style artist type or name if you know music video information source name
note that the safest way to make sure your post is accepted is to include at least one of the relevant keywords with a colon lyrics source name music video etc .
if you know many of the details do n't overload the title only include the most important/unique details and put the rest inside the post .
90 's song by an alternative rock band male singer/s
ballad by a female singer sounds like it 's from the 80 's
music video where a guy is walking in the street towards the camera bittersweet symphony btw
meme video of a cat bobbing its head to a fast beat
please do n't put a url as the detail here
for identifying a genre you should use a format like
what 's the genre of the song ... by ... ?
what 's the sub-genre of this electronic background music ?
for locating an already identified song/album in a legal way you should use a format like
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/namethatsong if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah if the number is trending upward then there should be a conversation .
but let 's not call this a crisis just yet .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
my most objective view on the canes is this they 're always fun to watch .
no full game is boring they do n't usually resort to dirty plays and fights if they 're losing like some teams do and they have elite young talent that are thrilling to watch .
and there 's no one that can hate roddy .
even brad marchand probably mumbles compliments under his breath about him lol .
that 's true but i assume they were saying that sexual activity is just disgusting to them .
but man hope my stupid post does n't attract lots of problems .
the tell is the bright flash on the ground .
all mouses over a mob with the fix on it at the end briefly .
this is the most drag queen shit i 've ever seen a baller do
let 's be clear these people are pro forced birth .
they do not give a fuck about the baby .
there 's a skit by chris d'elia where he talks about girls being drunk and random definitely funny .
recent apple privacy changes eu laws making difficult.so cost recent times is very higher
never crossed my mind but i googled it just now and the description and images are a lot like what i 'm experiencing !
but ofc i 'm no derma so i 'll bring it up with my derma on our next consultation .
youtube has a ton start off simple and go from there .
go to smaller gyms that are less like global gym and you will probably find a great trainer .
not sure if you 're close to a college cus you could probably find a decent student who 's going to school for this to help you out .
at the same time pay for a membership at whatever gym you want and learn how to use the machines .
once you do they then you can find how to do similar exercises at home if you do n't like gyms .
disclaimer i ca n't taste any of this so i 'm just going off photos here .
we 're all gon na have hella opinions on just the photos .
i 'd show off the blackening on your mahi instead of hiding it under the more basic ingredients .
otherwise that sando will take 8 hours to eat .
i do n't see the chicken in your waffle cone .
i 'm of the opinion that if it 's in the description i should be able to see it on the plate .
unless we 're at some wacky gastronomy place or the special ingredient is in a sauce .
the ramen looks like anyone coulda made it in a dorm at midnight .
sorry not sorry but it does n't need the raw cabbage .
if you 're gon na do it though i 'd mandolin it in there instead of those choppy chunks .
the yolk should be more like a jam to almost runny .
i drop my eggs in boiling water and leave them for just 6-7 minutes ice bath peel em keep em on deck .
orrrr you can put them in cold water bring em to a boil cut the heat let them sit in the water until you can safely reach in and pull them out .
both methods being me immense success on the jammy yolk .
tea eggs also make an interesting addition to ramen .
the cuts on your green onions are inconsistent friend .
they always matter at every level from meats to garnish .
cut it with a clear broth normally 24-hour bone broth or dashi miso ... but that shyet looks rich so maybe just a simple chicken or even veg broth ?
grilled pb j with candied bacon is super rich .
make it smaller and put something hella sour in it .
surround yourself in people who are more experienced than you .
once we leave the chapel we can not go inside .
no the radioactive matirial would have to get into the
atmosphere if you wana reverse the global warming and than the radioctive matiral wiuld spread over the whole world .
opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikimobilelinkbot message=optout subject=optout beep boop .
yo wtf is up with all these dudes jacking off in public ?
the government could n't figure out where 3 trillion dollars went then just went oh well .
your post has been removed because your account currently does n't meet the minimum karma requirement to post in r/sneakers .
please contribute to the subreddit through other means i.e .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sneakers if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not the most difficult line but not instantly playing bishop captures in a 3+0 game really takes some mental fortitude .
if only i had stopped to think a bit more
keep up with the diet and exercise grind i promise that shit boosts confidence .
besides that i 'd suggest experimenting with hairstyles to find a new look that suits you .
not that your hair is bad i just mean styling it can go a long way
there 's still a lot of raw fundamentalists but there 's also people like me who machine wash often .
the former is more like do you have the skill .
the latter is literally do you know how '' .
but you could also use мoжeш ... that 's more literally can '' but could be misconstrued as a request to do it much like in english .
😂 i went into a gre quarantine during the day those fuckers were spawn camping the ladder !
yeah but he did n't say anything about tether .
i love the line texture from the b nib !
most the art i see is done with ef nibs and it 's very different .
already the only guy with 4 receiving tds in a playoff game .
or did they randomly put a mic on manson and he just happens to score the winning goal in ot ?
if it was random then whatever tnt producer made that decision should go buy a lotto ticket .
at 3am though i suppose some would n't mind because you know it 's a fire .
i 'd love to but it wo n't be possible i 'm in france and i assume you 're in the us that would be like 100 shipping 😭
i 'm posting pictures of girls in diapers on a sub about girls in diapers .
💕💕💕 yeah making all those paintings was probably the longest part of the whole thing but it was worth it 💕 wah !
it wrecks elden beast and other large bosses like dragons .
this is really the only way and needs to be emphasized when learning the language .
is my official title you want my fucking business card genius .
do you know what it takes to architect develop and deliver a stock trading platform and retail trading website mobile app and data warehouse that is white labeled for 5 of biggest banks with security and equities divisions in asia-pac region that would collapse the global financial system of you had a failure with a total budget of 1.2 b and never have a sev 1 defect or a security breach .
you are playing checkers son and some of us are chess masters .
great script but does lee like the listener or do both twins or neither ?
this is a different poster and the trike looks nothing like the other one .
it was mightymofo that had their trike stolen previously and recovered it and their trike says mooncool on the frame while this trike 's frame does n't .
was he lying about where he was at that point ?
it 's crazy that in any other setting this would be called plagiarism but in the space with ultimate control over creativity it 's not biting ?
maybe college got me pressed but this shit seem stolen .
you strike me as the kind of prepper with a whole coat closet full of instant oatmeal .
and let me guess 3 guns a shit load of ammo and a pair of iron rangers ?
i 'm pretty sure they do n't ask because they do n't want me to confirm that i do n't believe in god .
plus this is na that is too much skin for them to release .
when i started on my main client we had an 8 person team .
this january we had a 3 person team and we now audit more fslis than we did when i started .
when we asked for help from the partner he gave us an intern and said we had to make it work .
i worked 20 hours every day for 2 months .
i made a comment before but it was a bit rambling and did n't have a point so i 'll try again .
i love wrestling like most here but i find myself disconnected from this community more and more .
i understand my subjective feelings do not need to be returned others see things differently and that 's fine .
but i liked deebs promo i liked what she spoke about i like the fact she came off bitter like bret hart crica 97 and was mad her peers did n't back her automatically it fits her character .
maybe i 'd be best off avoiding here because i seem to enjoy 90 of wrestling and reading the critques every week is starting to take effect..
i enjoy takeshita maki o'reilly and rey the most this week they showed out .
and swerve has the best theme song in wrestling would n't be mad if they win the belts at don
we are each a patchwork quilt of those who have loved us those who have believed in our futures those who showed us empathy and kindness or told us the truth even when it was n't easy to hear .
those who told us we could do it when there was absolutely no proof of that. 🥺🥺
in fairness india 's part of the commonwealth but she 's not queen of india .
my only neighbors are a cemetery off to one side and the surrounding woods .
so i do n't even have to worry about widows most of the time .
however i currently have my sister and her boyfriend staying in my house .
they have been here four months and i 've scarified my comfort for everyone 's well being .
i do n't ever wear a bra in the house but i 've stopped walking back from the shower naked .
i 'll walk around in my closed bathrobe in the mornings .
it keeps the peace and there 's no awkward interactions .
i also have experience with a family friend and where i live she 's and her husband are auntie and uncle .
they are not american and nudity is casual in their culture .
if she 's got guest coming over she 'll put on a shirt and pants .
if it 's more like family blood or good friends she 's totally sun out buns out .
like maybe do n't walk around the house naked but remind everyone during a specific time period you 'll be outside naked .
and the ue5 if u turn off the lumen and nanite and virtual shadow map .
btw i was able to fix all non upgraded plugins what i use to run on eu5 .
although depending on how severe climate change ends up being it could force the global order to adopt more dramatic technological innovations and energy use
my best guess is if environmental disasters start displacing millions and causing global unrest
they 're not necessarily the cheapest option you can do better if you just cook rice and beans yourself but the fried rice is 410 calories and my local grocery store was selling them for 1 each .
they came in super handy for when i needed quick food .
i can completely see diana falling for the e-meter schtick and heading to clearwater to complete her ot vi or a purification rundown .
i can totally see harry going for it as well and instead of ending up with meghan marrying some privileged early-2000 's scieno like erika christensen or bijou phillips .
i will second all these choices and throw in tesla model 3 and y as options .
one of my co workers got an id4 recently and i 'm very impressed by it .
it does n't have all the clever features the tesla has but it seems well built and does everything it needs to .
the nc widely regarded as the worst miata was based off the rx8
dumbass purists could n't appreciate a meager weight again in exchange for a 2.0 that had actual torque and a chassis that did n't feel as flimsily as a 1993 .
oh and it can also seat larger people instead of just midgets .
the key to being dependent on oil is drilling more wells .
right the only down side was for the people she was trying to convince
that 's the wonder that give 5 combat to land units in civ 6 !
aneko yusagi laughs in the background staring at his or her 's fanbase
r/petitegonewild does not accept submissions from low karma user accounts .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
that is just when we expect to pass the real danger bar on the cause .
the effect is gradual and the worst effects wo n't be seen for over 100 years .
we wo n't have to deal with it but our grandkids are going to be pretty pissed at us .
i 've noticed any celeb a-list to z-list that goes on wwhl loves erika and rinna .
imagine thinking it did n't start with us winning ww1 .
the world would have been a much better place if the central powers won .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
tank seng making like a russian t-72 and getting blown up
the test strips that i have were too flimsy so i used a hair clip thing .
i drink natty ice i can afford better beer i just choose to live like this and it 's about 9.25/gal .
if you have to keep shaking it its because the supplier did a shitty job of blending
same here just have to find someone who wants 40 beakies
clean on all levels unless ya saying he dragged his pivot but he shot it
i went mostly cash in nov/dec for example same time i began shorting the market .
but instead of shorting i just sat in cash and played shares for swing trades .
as risk has increased i 'm not swinging any shares now instead selling very conservative csps on stocks i want in my portfolio long term at prices i think are fair .
will begin averaging into spy again when macro changes .
i hate the politics of the us and i 'm an american .
united we stand and divided we fall my ass .
every fucking state you go to has different laws and different policies regarding almost anything healthcare or law related .
you will get to know that if you continue .
if you want to know right now tho then ! yes it can too !
building level fodder gets one tapped by a half decent clay bomb
so is the handle my peepee if so it 's gon na be really small
i think pujols was the only one who had fun tonight .
and if that 's all we got out of it then that 's okay with me .
i suggest reading y the last man to find out what would happen in the opposite situation
i 've had my new pup home for a week now and i have been crying all day about it maybe being a mistake to get her .
like 5 times an hour inside to every 1 time outside .
i took her to the vet yesterday and they gave me antibiotics for a uti but nothing came up conclusively in her urine .
she was up all night barking in her crate after sleeping in it really well the previous few nights .
i do n't want to believe it but i 'm pretty sure we gave this one up already .
just a depressed rangers fan thought i 'd poke my head in .
and it shows in every facet of the game besides maybe pitching .
uh nobody would have an abortion for any reason other than necessity .
i ca n't think of a sane person that would purposely get pregnant and then risk their life by having an illegal abortion .
at least ask yourself as long as there is political party to divide america .
how can we ever just be americans united and not democrats and republicans divided ? ? ?
as george washington begged us do not allow political parties ! !
greyoll is the mama dragon of the dragons that are not ancient dragons .
this is communicated by the little dragons that are all around her .
greyoll herself is a normal dragon without any of the features of an ancient .
jp is clutch ... but he also gets better when we 're up .
i 've been getting a lot of hate for what i think needs to happen what do you guys think we should do ?
i 'm level 12 and just finished the starter map logging mission with an upgraded white western star .
it felt tippy with the medium log addon much better with a towed medium log trailer .
the log carrier addon/trailer combo was fine for the long logs .
the white western star is a great all rounder early game .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/perfectlycutscreams/comments/ustibd/man_gets_taken_out_by_nintendo_ninjas_for_playing
it 's funny how you can see the narrative develop in real time .
media comes out with he 's the son of a diamond miner and people without hesitation switch gear in the same direction .
because after 4 years of trump and his cronies committing crime after crime biden appointed merrick garland to sit on his thumbs and he 's doing a fantastic job of it .
in the chicago outfit criminal network they did have non italians in higher positions .
but in the la cosa nostra chicago family there was no non italians in any positions .
remember the us gives billions to corrupt middle eastern countries including israel .
this is the wiring kit i am running https www.classiccarstereos.com/jl-audio-amp-wiring-kit-60-amp-6544.html
planning to check voltage tomorrow and will post results .
the rd 1000/1 only has rca inputs unlike the jx 500/1 i swapped out for ... my head unit does n't have that capability hence the loc .
methylphenidate is a reuptake inhibitor inhibiting the action of dat rather than reversing it like amphetamines do to promote efflux .
it may stabilize dat in the outward facing conformation similar to the action of cocaine but that still does not release dopamine into the synapse .
the selectivity for sert likely leads to a blunting of any dopaminergic effects and the need for doses too small to meaningfully affect dopamine .
you can get them inside yes but only deploy out on the pads .
battle sundy inside tridents can be absolute hell to deal with if they are supported properly .
yeah because op waited for everyone 's opinions before eating it right ?
do you know her color morph by any chance just curious since she 's so colorful !
the characters they play were like maybe 5 years apart ?
you think it 's weird for a kid going through puberty to have a crush on a cute older girl ?
like marauder age or was he harry 's age ? ?
dinosaurs ends with the beginning of the ice age and inevitable extinction of all of the main characters along with their entire civilization .
id probably tip my waitress 100 cause its obviously a restaurant with lots of intoxicated people in the middle of the night when bar closes .
already to me this is 40 tip based on the shame of making these poor people work like it 's everyday 's business when i know deep down i just poured 8liters of alcohol in my body and id probably eat a leftover lasagna that was near a trash around the bar somewhere .
100 tip is just for dealing with a full raging customer the most courteous way she could .
my meal probably gon na come to 25 dollars cause at this point all i drink is water too so why not .
make sure you read the rules and sidebar before posting ! ! !
for general questions please make sure you leave detailed information .
all troubleshooting posts require a clear photo of the piercing have someone else take it for you if possible and the information regarding the quality of the material current aftercare process age of the piercing and notation of any trauma to the piercing per the sub sticky posts https www.reddit.com/r/legitpiercing/comments/gnxm3l/rules_for_posting_a_troubleshooting_question
bad misleading inappropriate or dangerous advice will be met with temp ban .
the suggestion of anything medically related this includes aspirin or the repeated breaking of the sub rules will result in a permaban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legitpiercing if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't know if it 's the best but only because i do n't often have the opportunity to eat out and try new places but south town club is pretty awesome
its not surprising redditors are slurping it up reddit user 2022
it 's a frozen grape that was dropped in the sand
so you want me to judge yourself u/snowprofessional4656 alright !
imma judge you based on your comment activity in the past 7 days
hmm ... you 've posted a total of 8 comments in last 7 days and 1 comments per day on average since last 7 days also your comments have gotten a total of 21 upvotes in last 7 days .
based on the above data here 's what i think about you
if you have any suggestion contact the creator https reddit.com/u/deadshot_035 of this bot
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/alphamaleporn if you have any questions or concerns .
but it 's not it happened in 2011 then again in 2021 and inviting things like cryptominers that put more strain on a shit system is just asking for it to happen more often .
quite frankly unless electric companies are converted to non-profits to serve the public interest they 'll always do what 's best for profit and shareholders .
because paying a fine or reverse in texas ' case because they get to profit from the storm outage will always be cheaper than doing maintenance and preventing outages .
your love will set you free is my one if i absolutely had to choose but i love it in its entirety .
metacoms project is really great and improving more day by day .
an experienced team does everything to make the project the best .
im in the same predicament i think we 're both pansexual lesbians or just pan people with fem preferences
looks like there 's plenty of evidence that it was n't grounded .
you see the ball the whole way and it 's always 2 inches off the grass ...
sneaking off with your cutlery while you were distracted by this meme .
but may i have the honour of taking your life ? ''
we already have a scene where guillermo confesses to her friends that she is a functioning alcoholic and still in the party scene .
her friends started to enable her behavior despite guillermo having deep concerns about her behavior .
they 're trying to cover for her and gaslight guillermo in the process
i was going to buy same as you but papa neh kha banva lenge
i would n't be mad if he moved to liverpool or city because at least he 's taking his career seriously .
you just do a btm qual at your unit anyway .
you do n't need to go away to a school .
the amount of planning i annoying sometimes but i 'm fine with it most of the time
2042 specialists be like this will be the time of my life !
now sure how much faith would have in numbers from 122 years ago .
we did ok. actual death stats far less than predicted .
if you do n't get a damn award thing i swear ... .
so using your logic if anything comes from the earth it 's dangerous .
you can talk about anything you want to advance another argument but this is n't a video of the exxon valdez even if you ca n't see it .
in this video with what we are able to see no damage has been done .
usually he takes the role of a malevolent rival father figure who competes for or entraps a male hero 's love interest
mate voldemort is a lot of things but he is nowhere near being a father figure to anyone .
plus he never really did the competes for or entraps a love interest or any loved one at all tbh thing
det har selvsagt ingen praktisk betydning hva rødt mener om saken .
men hva om rødt faktisk kunne nekte sverige og finland innpass i nato ville de da gjort det ?
'' fuck you sc and i 'll see you tomorrow ''
this is excactly how i feel about arma 3 sometimes but still keep coming back to it .
just like sc it just scratches an itch like no other game .
i love my dad very much i will always support him and he will always support me
really we are none the wiser and sounds 50/50 which for my ml would be huge if i kept and he started or woeful if he does n't as ml leader does n't have him
just tell your recruiter you no longer wish to serve .
do n't go on about how you lied about suicidal ideation that is n't their business to know .
they 'll try to butter you up into changing your mind and talking to those above them .
it 's better to get out of serving now than when you get to reception and realize it 's not for you .
is n't it a leading theory that magnus was supposed to sit on the gt in a first place ?
so just like every other labor force in the us ?
we exclude all sorts of potential workers from our labor pools i.e .
i 've been saving here and there what amounts to gross bigotry on here .
there 's upvoted comments with people literally calling russians orcs .
the bias is sick and there 's absolutely astro-turfing going on here to ensure people do n't just disagree with the actions of the russian government but hate the people of russia too .
looking forward to turning round the comments for some of the 'progressive ' bigoted freaks who are acting like america did with the japanese in ww2 .
ofc most are just bots or paid to post .
i encourage everyone else to do the same and record these instances of bigotry .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i think what he 's saying is that there are options other than the the two you are presenting .
life isnt 1 become a silicon valley software engineer making 600k year or 2 commit suicide .
sometimes it 's as simple as moving away from the coast and you can find the same or similar blue collar work you do now for a small drop in pay but a large drop in cost of living .
thousands of euros and countless hours of time in painting
like at least having a friendy talk before suing him ?
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
i currently have 2 curved barbells in my tongue web .
the first one i have had for 4 years and the second i 've had for around 9 months .
i had my first checked by my piercer when i went to get the second and she said there 's no sign of migration or rejection .
as for healing mine stayed swollen for about a week to a week and a half .
most people complain about white plaque build up on the bars .
to sort this i just brush the bar when i brush my teeth .
as soon as the swelling went down i then used a soft bristle tooth brush .
now they 're both healed i use my electric tooth brush on its lowest speed and clean the bars that way .
once you have cleaned with a tooth brush make sure to wash your hands and check the balls are still on tight !
a few times i 've been eating and a ball has come off .
they 're usually easy to find and spit out .
this is just my experience though so please take it with a grain of salt .
i do n't play with or change the jewellery i dont smoke and i make sure to clean them after any activities .
i absolutely love them but as soon as my dentist notices any problems with my gums or teeth they will be coming straight out .
thank fuck we wo n't have to hear about this panto all summer long .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=vmexta02 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm 64 f and have only been an amputee since 10/2020 .
god is a particular being deserving of a proper noun .
many/most devout christians go as far as to capitalize god 's pronouns he he out of reverence to him .
a 20 000 people protest in a 12 million city that is not a protest .
just as i said majority of russians support this war .
order a cheesy roll up with beef and pico added !
that was probably the best thing xc2 introduced gameplay wise
that 's not a bad idea but for people who want to climb ranks this game is a lot harder
edit yeah and whole load of shady corporate financial crime
you 've not mentioned that he told you to not talk to them or anything like that .
this far it just seems like ge does n't enjoy their company with wich it is okay to ask him to try being kinder to your family and friends
alonso should be an option in a front 3 as the left forward .
keep alonso as 3rd choice wing back 2nd choice left forward .
i will need a taste to be sure though !
they did the same for pof figures they wanted to fill the trio .
i remember struggling to get through dante must die in that game .
how in the fuck did this person get unlimited dt ?
i always wanted to get that for dmc2 and never thought it was possible .
also did n't know majin form had the square triangle moves at all .
was n't one of the prospective expansion teams called the firefoxes ?
any idea why he was denied a work permit to play in england ?
teehee and that lil dude holding a rock waiting for her to make room for it !
i agree but what i mean is that even if eu and na flame each other it 's nowhere close to what is happening between kr and china .
the amount of actual unironic racist comments is amazing .
i know resistance is useless but i kind of hate the point system .
in other places scoring 11 out of 25 means you did fine .
but then maybe what i truly dislike is the heavy emphasis on the rankings .
placing in the bottom or even nq does n't have to mean your song was shit and you 're a national disgrace and you should never try sending a similar song ever again i myself got a bit too invested in hoping a dutch song would do well but only because others are so black and white about it
title is wrong i mean it 's not pulling the gas ethylene
so i tried this myself first and when it did n't work i went with onlydraven 's guide https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mtgecmwi7oa .
i copied the contraption to what i think is one to one his setup but same issue as with my original setup the gaseous ethylene is not being pulled into the rotary condensentrator to be turned into the liquid .
because these threads existed before i tried the following out of other threads and youtube comments
the side in question is set to push out gasses
used the configurator to change the pipe to pull and push pictured
used the transport config to change output to dark blue and then place that colour of the side with the configuration pictured .
it just wo n't come out into the rotary con .
i tried to google and search older posts about this here but none of the issues and potential solutions seem to help me here .
edit trying to push the gas into a temporary gas tank does not work either .
no matter what i seem to try the ethylene is seemingly stuck in the prc .
edit 2 i made a completely new prc and placed that in the middle and that one pushed out ethylene for about 10 hdpe pellets and then it stopped .
and now it is back to the same as before unwilling to push out ethylene gas into the rotary con .
edit 3 i threw away the prc and the rotary and essentially all of the machines and created new ones .
did all the settings again and now it works .
quick note about the side settings for the prc for gasses is to also make sure it is set to blue output not red gases even if you want to push out a gas .
i honestly have n't noticed any signal interference with internal sound cards but i have other problems .
and i 'm also not happy with onboard audio .
edit the onboard audio is way better than i expected .
especially when many players use other people 's finds which can give the impression that everything is just thinly spread .
from my personal perspective i have seen a few such ships but over a very long period of time .
so i would consider it rare and if you like it enough to keep it then definitely a great find .
finding a ship in a specific colour makes the chances correspondingly thinner .
so for example i have a very specific passion for this ship without the tail nose and fin .
just the side thrusters and the ball with twin engines to the rear .
i have seen about three or four of those in over 3k hours of play .
i would love a complete squadron roster of just exotics of various types all found in the wild and may try and do this as one of my projects .
boldy has never dropped an album that is n't a rap aoty contender .
some classic goodies that might fit you well ? !
go hunting post a photo of you signing up on a dating app or your profile page .
get sexting post a photo of your flirtatious conversations on dating apps texts etc .
get an internet boyfriend post a photo of you forming an internet boyfriend/plaything relationship and let hubby know .
have an encounter post a photo/video of you having a digital play session on messaging or video apps with somebody you trust but is not hubby .
risque photo whoops send that risque photo to somebody accidentally '' on your contact list .
my cycle is super irregular always has been and i definitely would n't catch it in time if it were me .
i 'm so grateful that i do n't live in a state with a six week ban and so enraged and frustrated for the uterus owners who do .
you 're totally right i 'm anonymous so giving terrible advice vs charging for a course
cpr needs to be performed with rescue breaths via bag valve mask as while cpr does pump your heart a little it does n't do a whole lot for your lungs .
out in the field your focus should pretty much be solely on compressions and contacting ems unless you have help .
there is a reason he has to date a kid .
women his age already realized what kind of creep he is .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigass if you have any questions or concerns .
the correct question is can usa stop consuming drugs ?
yep seems like you 're experiencing everything i had when this happened with my old account .
now i tried looking for it ca n't find it but pretty certain there was some sort of way to get access to the recovery code without the app after all it 's whole purpose is for scenarios like this .
https help.steampowered.com/en/faqs/view/7efd-3cae-64d3-1c31 text=log 20in 20to 20the 20steam to 20view 20your 20recovery 20code https help.steampowered.com/en/faqs/view/7efd-3cae-64d3-1c31 text=log 20in 20to 20the 20steam to 20view 20your 20recovery 20code .
this is the best i could find and steam themselves make it out to be useless which from my experience it is
if so go up to your profile and go to account settings there you can access steam guard stuff and maybe find the recovery code or a way to switch to email authenticator .
if not well sorry to be the barer of bad news but that might actually be end for your account steam support tend to have their hands tied on matters like this and ca n't help out in fear you 're a scammer trying to break into an account .
below is the comment i made earlier too someone downvoted it for whatever reason but this is legitimately probably the best advice you 'll find being as its coming from someone with first hand experience with this issue .
might be adios amigo to your account if you ca n't access your authenticator in the app because you ca n't authenticate ... well that would seem to be a paradox would n't it .
however there is an option somewhere to get a 1-time recovery code to your email from memory never used to be a thing and i lost my old steam account when 2 factor first came in and they had n't invented the recovery code .
try to get that because without it you 're buggered unless you manage to stay logged in forever .
if you do get back into your account highly recommend switching to email authentication apposed to the app from my personal experience the app can be particularly shit at times and can log you out randomly which is likely what caused your problem
a simple humble life of tolerance and kindness usually does n't make the news .
plus if a christian is really trying to follow the example of jesus they will hide their good deeds from the public view
the mcu is not really 616 but i see your point
eat ghormesabzi and drink a lot of tea that should activate your persian genes
pretty sure china and the united states are doing this with humans in secret already
daniel mac here i 'm here to ask what the fuck you do for a living so i can buy that truck
we started 16 got balance on 30 major adjustments on 27 .
3 weeks being impossible aside because of the scheduling .
we did have balance changes almost every month some week around febuary/march where it was late .
when i checked it 's only visible when u accepted your engineering offer already and decided to go there .
it looks like it is your first day here on reddit and on r/onlyfans101brandnew
please take today to look over our rules there are 10 of them and they are the same for every subreddit in our network .
you can find the rules a brief faq and the list of subs here https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/wiki/index
we also have a faq in our subreddit dedicate to new models at r/onlyfans101brandnew we highly recommend you read it .
if you have questions about reddit you can ask them there .
we look forward to you becoming a regular poster here u/living_external_8659 !
please let us know via modmail if you need any further explanation of our rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101brandnew if you have any questions or concerns .
a horse is a large creature meaning it occupies a 10x10 square .
you mount it and occupy on one the 4 5x5 .
mount stays stationary and you can move to one of its other squares using 5ft of movement .
if you move between all 4 you 've used 20ft of movement whilst the horse has used 0
lyra is rushing to the cold far north where witch clans and armored bears rule .
north where the gobblers take the children they steal including her friend roger .
north where her fearsome uncle asriel is trying to build a bridge to a parallel world .
can one small girl make a difference in such great and terrible endeavors ?
this is lyra a savage a schemer a liar and as fierce and true a champion as roger or asriel could want but what lyra does n't know is that to help one of them will be to betray the other .
when she saw the answer she relaxed at once .
lyra finds herself in a shimmering haunted otherworld – cittàgazze where soul-eating spectres stalk the streets and wingbeats of distant angels sound against the sky .
but she is not without allies twelve-year-old will parry fleeing for his life after taking another 's has also stumbled into this strange new realm .
on a perilous journey from world to world lyra and will uncover a deadly secret an object of extraordinary and devastating power .
and with every step they move closer to an even greater threat – and the shattering truth of their own destiny .
now accompanied by angels his task is to deliver that powerful dangerous weapon to lord asriel by the command of his dying father .
but how can he go looking for lord asriel when lyra is gone ?
only with her help can he fathom the myriad plots and intrigues that beset him .
the two great powers of the many worlds are lining up for war and will must find lyra for together they are on their way to battle an inevitable journey that will even take them to the world of the dead ...
62253 books suggested i do n't feel so good.. https debugger.medium.com/goodreads-is-retiring-its-current-api-and-book-loving-developers-arent-happy-11ed764dd95 source https github.com/rodohanna/reddit-goodreads-bot
let me ask you this would you give your life to a doctor who has no accreditation sa mga surgeons ?
lets say youre bleeding to death and you have a bullet lodged in your brain .
would you let a normal doctor treat that or a specialist surgeon ?
dennis and dee most likely to die due to their arrogant and aggressive personalities .
besides i 'm not totally convinced that dennis would n't murder dee if he knew he would get away with it .
mac and the ass blaster 3000 at least the ab3 would keep mac company occupied and out of trouble .
charlie and frank resourceful thrive in chaos/lack of structure willing to eat anything .
i analogize them to cockroaches and so i think they 'd be pretty okay .
it 's not like tesla is even truly his .
submit here to be notified if you get shadowbanned .
2 of your last 8 comments c submissions s have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
ya i was gon na say it 's a feature not a bug .
a mother was killed about to cross the bay bridge going to a job interview at like 8am .
nooo i just found an old blade runner vangelis record at a shop in london
it trips me out that someone like steve actually exists .
we need a couple dozen fettermans in the senate .
i get what he was trying to say but he could 've used different words and been more tactful .
i know his whole thing is sticking it to the speech police but he just came across as mean here .
at least part of this comes from fascists who want to claim that communism killed more than the nazis '' .
they 're trying to make fascism look better not only cspitalism .
you can read about all the other stuff the wildlife photographer '' has done to get shots '' like this
this is the comment i have seen as stated tough it might be just a rumour so take it with care
all comments must be civil and helpful toward finding an answer .
jokes and unhelpful comments will earn you a ban even on the first instance and even if the item has been identified .
if you see any comments that violate this rule report them .
op u/prox when your item is identified remember to reply solved !
check your inbox https www.reddit.com/message/inbox for a message on how to make your post visible to others .
click here to message remindmebot https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message=https www.reddit.com/r/whatisthisthing/comments/utlzq1/what_is_this_mysterious_inspection_tool 0a 0aremindme ! 202 20days
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatisthisthing if you have any questions or concerns .
thought you have small feet but it 's just the frames that are huge lol
they do n't care about cost of living neither about lives lost due to mass shooting neither about anything after a kid is born but will pretend to care about abortions .
i do n't see the linkage between a museum and the availability of doctors .
get out of my head get out of my head get out of my head .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whenthe if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's funny how he 's asking you to source claims and questions the validity when he 's making unsourced claims himself .
i 've been wanting bats for decades but i 'd settle for a cool npc .
until kim garam returns from full recovery from the way they said it it looks like they 're really adamant on keeping her in the group .
however it looks like they 're still going to discuss with her but idk if she even has a sya in this considering she 's a minor .
edit also this is a pretty decent statement because hybe did n't completely deny her school violence claim bc if they did details of her violence will be exposed too
ig what weirder then me not picking up this series is how i got put onto it .
use a suitable title for your submission preferably the name of the flag .
please do not unnecessarily editorialize or politicize the title .
i have a 507k x2 and think it 's great .
i came to reddit from mhh because they became terrible and i never even asked .
just said i suppose i can go ass and hail satan why not ?
imo the best jomboy breakdown https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=iu-espiwv4o of all time .
the way he does a little storyline for each player tracking what happened to them in the fight just brilliant
yeah thats where i 'm at as well and i 'm in the same boat !
i 'm trying to have an idea of what the average caseload is overall for many ppl
he collapsed in the doorway adrenaline is a powerful drug .
i 'd like to find someone to play with .
those are some pretty big claims about only brand in the world .
pretty impressive that you 've gone to every single store/fashion house/boutique big and small in every single country on the world .
might as well impregnate her with my child as a wedding gift .
i am a lesbian and this just solidified that i find the character absolutely hot
yeah a lot of city leaders all over the state have been very vocal about supporting it .
i think dewine was honestly hoping to quietly let it die but people are n't letting him
i love she ra castlevania and rick and morty .
i still need to catch up in castlevania but for that one i like to binge watch so i 'm not caught up .
i 've never had that one but by the look of it they cover ligue 1 .
epl game rights are owned by nbc as far as i know and they split games up to thier number of tradition cable channels and some games are exclusive on peacock streaming .
i 'm not dming anything not selling anything and not asking for anything .
ahhh so one of those early types from the tv series not the rebuild .
throws burst bomb at sol as she jumps to a different au to try to slow down
who 's cum is that and can i add mine to it too ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
do you really think that people are fat because the media has recently stopped suggesting that it 's bad as much ?
seems like the tiniest drop in the hugest bucket of reasons given the trillions of dollars spent building infrastructure discouraging pedestrianism facilitating mass mono-crop agriculture and spreading propaganda telling people to consume junk food and fix their health problems with pills .
no sabria confirmar fins on se diu t'estime '' pero al voltant de valéncia ciutat i pense que a practicament la comarca de valéncia sencera l'expressió que més he escoltat és te vull '' i variants te/et vull/vullc/vuic .
personalment sempre he escoltat l'expressió t'estime de part de gent que viu més al nord proper a catalunya i de castellanoparlants que han deprés la llengua en valéncia el verb estimar-se '' ve a ser més similar al castellà preferir '' .
but they knew the votes would pass so it was just optics .
that is one sweet peach 🍑 one way or another !
i 'd say he 's right behind his cage/enclosure .
prob got out and thought wow it 's actually pretty chilling in here . ''
me waiting for the big relief rally bounce that will never happen .
nash blatantly flopped on the robert horry hip check pretty sure he admitted to it on a pod
the teams tim duncan carried in the early 2000s were just as bad as the ones kg did and yet everyone gives kg a pass on his lousy pre-celtics playoff resume because of his teammates .
most people agree duncan kg but the margin is wider than people think
i took my sister on an all expenses paid trip to paris for her 16th birthday .
at the time i was in my early 20s so i did n't have the mega bucks so we only went for a few days .
i wanted her to be able to see everything but we did n't have the time so we did a whistlestop tour of all the 'tick box ' bits leaving a very small amount of time to zoom around the louvre which is huge trying to find mona lisa .
we did it was tiny and then zoomed around as much as we could for the next 15 mins before heading out to be at the next thing i 'd booked in time .
we had the giggles the entire way around sweating like mad and it 's one of my fondest memories .
i know that one day when we both have more money we 'll go back together and do it all properly
and i also have meet people at clubs and back stage as a no one .
as a former utahn i always say great place to visit but not to live '' .
if you have n't visited you should just because of the beauty of the area but remember to bring your own booze .
that 's a flawed analogy because now you 're painting a picture of two parties where one clearly needs the seat more than the other .
a more accurate analogy would be a pregnant lady and an elderly man with a walker in which case your point becomes somewhat void as either one of them is deserving of the seat .
it has jack all to do with gender norms .
you can get 3 magnesium firestarter kits from any camping section shave flakes into your styrofoam for spice .
warning though dont shave it near a flame it takes a few seconds to catch fire but once it goes it ca n't be put out with water and burns so hot it 'll go through most metals .
now with clan capitals clans are probably worth more .
also supercell now has a reason to give clans back to their rightful owners as before they would just say tough luck make a new clan ''
i 'm a little sad that patricia has stayed so quiet on this .
yeah unfortunately it 's probably to avoid confusion between the actual lightsaber weapons .
they still could have chosen a more faithful weapon .
or just make it so the saber only comes out during the swing and otherwise they 've just got the hilt .
fighters need to recognise how responsible prajanchai and his corner just were .
i 've had about 4 cones and now 24 puffs of it
if you gon na stand near the edge of the platform well that 's on you
what a joke they had 340,000 last year before they started deleting and hiding reported data
and excess deaths were up 160 in march 2021 before cdc just stopped reporting it
this vaccine had likely killed well over 1,000,000 in the us alone and it 's just one of hundreds of countries where this kind of insanity is going on many countries have far higher vaccination and death rates
if anyone has a spare playstation code then i 'm up for it if not then no worries .
you can get a huge slice of some pretty good pizza for 1.50 as well !
i responded with who mine was and asked who her favourite character was .
not when masses of people are n't given equal access to vote .
and billionaires buy their way onto the ballot by lobbying .
and corrupt families like the trumps and the bushes have as much influence as they do .
we 're releasing a four bottle summer set today at www.muckrakerbeer.com/s/shop live now and in-person throughout the weekend starting today at 2pm .
and while we normally do n't deliver this time of year we 're offering delivery of these sets and other bottles/cans bought through our web shop on monday and tuesday with enough demand of next week only .
inside the set you 'll find four wonderful barrel-aged beers including the first time we 've ever put our flagship tm black into a gin barrel sold here as tm black cat .
there 's also a beautiful strawberry amlam aged in a cognac barrel a blueberry/blackberry farmhouse ale aged in a maple liquor/bourbon barrel and a coolshipped beer/cider co-fermentation aged in a gin barrel .
we 're also offering individual bottles of when there are nine strawberry and maple black blue for sale in our shop and in our tasting room this weekend .
we 're saving individual bottles of tm black cat and gin ba take your desires for realities for a later date .
when there are nine spontaneous ale with new jersey strawberries aged in a cognac cask .
our base spontaneous featuring all-new jersey pilsner and wheat malts from our friends at rabbit hill farms fermented for a year in french oak before a very short refermentation last year with big beautiful crimson strawberries grown by the great folks at alstede farms in chester .
after the refermentation we sent the beer to a first-use french oak barrel that originally held ferrand cognac and was last used to finish 6-year-old george dickel tennessee whisky .
tm black cat our flagship blackberry amlam fermented in french oak wine puncheons and conditioned on 5lb/gallon of nj blackberries from pastore orchards in hammonton and tahitian and madagascar vanilla aged in a single caledonia spirits tomcat gin barrel that previously held whiskey .
maple black blue farmhouse ale with pilsner and wheat malts from rabbit hill farms referemented on 6lb per gallon of atlantic county blueberries and blackberries from pastore orchards in hammonton .
while the beer was undergoing an extended refermentation we drove up to brattleboro vermont where we picked up a just-emptied barrel from the spirit-masters at saxtons river distillery .
the american oak barrel had been first used to age their sapling maple bourbon and then to finish a special reserve of their maple liquor of the same name .
take your desires for realities farmhouse ale coolshipped with 1/3 unpasteurized apple cider from soons orchard in orange county ny hopped with newport from our friends at snufftown hop farm in warwick co-fermented with wild yeast and aged in a freshly dumped tomcat gin barrel from caledonia spirits that previously held whiskey .
personally speaking its probably still the strongest attack we 've seen so far .
given that even garou 's earth bulging attack didnt destroy the surface .
the firemaw situation is in large part a player driven problem .
you can write a phd about this instead of this overly long forum post and that fact will still hold .
people should be a lot more angry with neck beards screaming dead serverrr leaving servers with a healthy raiding population of at least 2000 players and thus creating a self fulfilling prophecy than they currently are .
of course blizzard is a shit company but these shit holes that transferred for no reason got off the hook way to easily ...
i believe the atypical refers to the nf gene ie there is a deletion and not to the deletion itself .
a quick read into a paper tells me 1.5 mb deletion is average .
i hope things work out for you and your family .
ghostwire tokyo is a recent game and the first person perspective lend to that handycam style of exploration although theres alot of actions
out of all the reaction channels i considered jaby koay as the best as he does n't fake his reaction he gives his honest reaction and review of whatever he is watching .
it is working for these creators people watch them so obviously they will do more reaction videos .
so dont blame the channels blame the audience who are asking for them to react .
well the width would take into account the nacelles and not just the cabin and livable area .
mate look at what your lot do when you narrowly escape relegation .
with a squad worth more than half the other teams in the league .
if you get even a modicum of our success and you 'll probably nuke the country .
i 'm 6'4 '' and call everybody short even if they 're taller than me lol .
no kidding ... i have been banned twice on this sub so might as well leave now ! !
it 's confirmed now in another thread and will be fixed soon https old.reddit.com/r/bugs/comments/utpwtq/the_skip_to_next_thread_button_gone_i_have_tried
not a texan if i was i absolutely would have and come the general election i 'd vote blue no matter who undoubtedly .
but good job completely dodging my post to attack me personally for pointing out a stupid political move .
it 's like saying you want to overturn obergefell while running for mayor of san francisco or provincetown ma .
buckeye relief freezedried flower pineapple upside down cake 2.83g 54.00 19.08 540.00
got it for a steal with how absurdly trucks are priced this year .
locals and people in the know '' refer to us as new mexicans '' people that generalize us as mexicans '' simply do n't know any better or failed american geography and do n't realize we are infact part of the union .
dude all the kids be getting drunk af on the mcminamens spicy dijon mustard these days .
i think as a stand alone hero el naddaha is the clear choice .
but if you have other solid minion creators arco is great !
oh i seeee did n't notice having an account for that ... no passwords saved in my manager .
on the app there should be a contact us email address might get more help there
yeah if i actually went inside her workplace to give them to her i think that 's a whole different story .
i think it was the last part that is causing the confusion .
saying that the comparison is wise means that you agree with it in a general sense even though the comparison is not good for some .
that would be good if people be much aware of all this stuffs a bit more earlier though !
see abbott 's winning lawsuit and then he crippled the law that allowed him to win that lawsuit .
he got his and now other disabled people will not have the same opportunity .
my man welcome to the human species how long will you be staying
truthfully while the pain of the first one was the worst of my life after a handful of stones i developed enough internal scar tissue that it was rarely worse than say a 5 or 6 on the pain scale .
that 's just my own personal experience and i naturally have a rather high pain tolerance so ymmv .
honestly the worst thing that no one talks about is the feeling the urge to use the bathroom but not being able to get anything to come out .
when you go to an er with a stone they 'll often take you in for a scan and for one stone they did three different mri 's to try to find it .
i did n't think a ton of it at the time since i was concerned with the stone but reading up on the effects of that much radiation equivalent to something like 200 days of sun exposure was very concerning especially when you 're just in your early 20 's .
yes as a heavy drag player i have had to replace my tablet cover once in the past 3 years .
if you live in britain and are paying attention the void is starting to look like a fluffy blanket 😁
i do n't want dancing at our wedding which will be a brunch style reception similar to yours .
what did you do to keep the guests entertained and how long was your whole day ?
ours is going to be 5 hours for ceremony and reception .
i understand since you need a space to just let your emotions get out of your head .
maybe changing your goal to trying out new things this year .
try attending anything that seem interesting to you be it a school event or something in the community .
the point is looking for something that you might actually enjoy and you might meet people that may become your friends .
ca n't make any if you do n't talk to any .
maybe try more hobbies that are a little more social or just something that is different from what you would normally try .
in my case i am getting my hands into hairstyling completely different from what i am studying .
like you said its hard to always keep your negative feelings in check so having an outlet will help .
maybe journaling the gym or your hobbies is the way you cope with it .
if you already have an outlet for it then that is great .
but i am glad you are still fighting and reached out for help !
what you are going through is a difficult battle .
and standing up for yourself was brave and something you should be proud of .
i know you did n't get the help your parents should have given you .
but you still have therapy and you are still looking for ways to get better .
do n't give up on yourself and do n't do anything that you may end up regretting .
at least that is what i tell myself as well .
there is also this person here hoping to see you overcome this !
you can keep at it one more year and you can finally look for permanent ways to leave your parents house and be better .
as for not telling your therapist that is your decision but please just make sure to reach out somewhere if it gets too much .
you can always vent ask questions or even just chat here if you need some support .
i know its a long comment but hoping this helps you in some way .
evidence that the fbi lied to the justice department means somebody who 's name is known did the lying !
or is this more evidence that there 's no justice in the american legal system anymore ?
a week or two ago it was worth it now with all the inflation the gold given is just too low .
love a let 's go celtics chant in miami plastic ass fanbase
i 'm also a woc who has dealt with racism in games from other players .
i honestly think you are making excuses for him that he does n't deserve .
if he 's okay being racist because other racists are present that means he 's racist .
i generally do not have patience for people at this point so i 'm quick to just block and move on for the most part with people but i know that 's not the default for people but i genuinely think in cases where it 's blatant bigotry like using racial slurs freely that is the best course of action .
like if you did tell him that your ethnicity and he stops how do you even trust that ?
what 's the proof that he 's not just aware he should be on his best behavior when interacting with you and going right back to using slurs in other settings when he 's clearly showing here that based on the group of people he 's more or less fine using slurs .
i personally just do n't think people like this are worth the time or your effort and it 's not your job to educate this kid on how to do the bare minimum of being a decent human .
in/spectre 1 season but with a 2nd on the way
none of these really come close to gosick though .
i 'd say dusk maiden of amnesia is probably the best out of the 3 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah not as much power this year but his approach at the plate seems to have improved .
has almost matched his walk total from all of last year and has a so/bb ratio of essentially 1 .
i guess the v2 and v3 were the similar time-frame but just different by the songs he put on there
i love mordred 's armor and this is a very detailed and well done job .
i just wrote out the high level plan and the alarms in my phone .
i felt so great when writing it actually seeing it written down i felt a lot more organized and ready to work towards it .
thank you for bringing up the mental health side i do have mental health history and i just took the tests .
i used to suffer with severe depression years back but at the moment its moderate .
my self esteem test came back as 8 and the add/adhd test said unlikely .
i also do have a fear of failure that i have been doing better with recently .
if it changes anything or you have any other advice regarding this i suffered from 2 eating disorders at separate times and am still healing from past trauma .
so if i were to use the wet grass to make a survival fire in an apocalyptic situation how would i need to arrange it to make sure it started burning ?
as someone whose taken dosages of adderall approaching those numbers in a more chaotic time i can attest that your skin turns a nice crustacean red .
why do i feel like the plot of ballers is taking shape ?
who cares if someone does n't hate their country ?
dude still poured hydrochloric acid in a drugged 14 year old 's brain .
they 're surprisingly comfy and the fit is true to size .
i 'm more concerned about if they look like the retails .
i am so happy for your daughter you and your family .
yep all the duties that a noncom does in a real military is done by the junior officers in the russian military .
a sergeant there does n't have much additional training just a bully to keep the regular troops in line for his officers .
yeah i do n't think very highly of the arrangement either .
i want to respond with the right lyrics but i do n't want to give the bot the satisfaction .
your commitments outside of school the professors you have for those classes and your own personal interest in the topics .
i wo n't spend much time speaking on outside commitments that one 's pretty self explanatory .
the professors you have in my opinion play one of the biggest roles in determining your success in a class .
if you have good professors or as good as ones as you can get i think that makes things significantly easier .
if you registered for classes late and found yourself with professors with horrible ratings well good luck .
i think your personal interest in the classes is critical .
i look at those three classes and i would have a heart attack if i saw any one of them on my schedule .
if you have an interest or passion for stem and languages then you 'll likely find the course work to be engaging and interesting .
if success looks like straight as hey it can be done but god bless you .
if success simply looks like passing the classes you can very likely succeed .
im missing one zombie reborn and one red-eyes zombie .
but i would do 9.50 pp fees for the zombie set .
feed a baby magpie and you guarantee it wo n't swoop when it 's older
im building a sci fi guy '' corner for my wifes jr high library stormweaver book 1 will go over like rover any other recommendations from yall 's catalogue you 'd recommend thats accessable for them ?
well they might not have the one you 're looking for then .
i used to drink that strawberry one that looked kinda creamy it was pink back in the day and i found it on there a couple weeks ago .
we get it you 're fat we get it b .
pshh let me tell u about the trashcan i have keeping the apartment warm while it contemplates finishing a single render .
hell yeah i was just thinking this yesterday while playing banjo kazooie
you might only be 50 but this is the most boomer thing i 've seen all week
how did you get this far in life being so immature ?
if you want family time that badly start a game of scrabble or some shit because with an attitude like yours i 'm betting nobody wants to be seen in public with you
oh my god i would loose my shit if i saw this in real life adorable
have you considered a grayscale the stanley parable ultra deluxe vintage classic edition ?
trust me we 'll never have someone in music as known as him .
his old prince still lives at home is still awesome
due to the high amount of spam on this subreddit only users that meet the minimum account age and karma threshold are allowed to post here .
as a reminder personal medical questions are better suited for your doctor or for r/medical r/askdocs r/askhealth or r/askdoctors .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthcare if you have any questions or concerns .
the ladies friend did n't respond to emails we sent .
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's true the bible is very clear that life begins with the first breath and even has an abortion recipe
is there anything i need to block out or just avoid kinda just scared to ruin things
i love that her sign looks like it says hell♡ foodie beauties ! ''
man i hope you 're wearing some good shoes .
that was quite a long road you just went down .
congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion '' was interpreted for quite a long time as clear separation of church and state .
a mention of god was n't added to the pledge of allegiance until 1954 though the pledge had been written 62 years prior .
in god we trust '' was n't adopted on money until 1956 .
people in the past 70 years trying to turn the country harder towards religion .
no need to tell people that your religion is the only way to anything .
there are hundreds of religions out there and nothing to say yours is definitively right .
you think people turn away from christianity because the bible makes them uncomfortable '' ?
what you have here is all you 're gon na get so you better make the best of it .
no afterlife no eternal glory no reconciling with all your long lost family members .
living your best life right now is all you can do .
you can be the absolute best person and somebody else will still view you as a bad guy .
life is too short to be judging people all the time .
do what 's good for you try to be good and decent to others and keep on moving .
honestly if i look back it 's about that .
my dad was easily more violent than this man .
i can say for sure i 'm glad nothing ever happened but he 's lucky he 's still walking this earth .
it 's been a long road to forgiving him .
it 's much easier to forgive when you understand that abuse is all he ever knew from his father .
if it was n't for my mom i 'm sure i 'd have been every bit the abuser he was .
's nachts een zware onweersbui 's ochtens heftige regen 's avonds een luchtballon langs zien vliegen in lekker zonnig weer .
i think leaning alchemy is fine too that is the focus that i want .
i just want there to be some kind of combat .
i was considering purely thrown potions but i 'm not sure .
i definitely want combat to be magical though i do n't wan na be swinging an axe or something .
its a widely accepted fact that printing money causes inflation .
you know he 's wrong but you like him so it does n't matter ?
i 've been wondering when they were gon na come for ivf it always felt so hypocritical to me if you define life as starting at fertilization fertility clinics are mass-murderers on the daily but you never see protesters there .
what if any actions can the judge take to make elaine turn on that goddamn microphone ?
how is it not relevant to pilots and how is it a meme ?
unfortunately i caught my first ex girlfriend in the club previously .
you do n't just leave to offer your talents to another family ... and then post that you 're looking for another nannying job in utah .
and then any restaurant that puts dairy in the deep fryer or on the grill is off limits
i live next to a poke stop and need friends to share gifts with !
you might be able to use a third party tool to join the server when a spot opens up on the steam server list
this would be like them showing us their losing hand of cards and we already know we have a royal flush .
i always tend to read yamato the same as the titular character from 90s shoujo hit revolutionary girl utena .
a young woman who styled herself as a prince '' she looked up to from childhood .
given we have a pair that represents the counterpart toting a weapon with a butched-up shrine maiden outfit could be a nod to the practice of shirabyoshi a female-to-male form of theatrical crossdressing .
we have had allusions to heike monogatari which famously has a story about them .
honestly i think the point of having several characters who blur lines is that your supposed to be thinking about why you categorize them the way you do .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur_milfs if you have any questions or concerns .
good work achieving such a salary at your age .
outside of the holy flowchart people have mentioned your next option is trading risk for reward .
is there a side hustle you could kick start ?
i used to run a few 'businesses ' at your age which brought in a tidy income so much i was debating whether to quit my main job and get an accountant .
can you give more details of your situation so we can advise appropriately ?
ok but there are countries that identify as muslim they would never identify as a sect as that is forbidden ... you know what i 'm tryna get at ?
with one finger of one hand and nails that have n't been clipped an a long while .
i know about tales from nirn but that 'd be so much better once skyrim together reborn and beyond skyrim are both out .
bill clinton grew up poor in a working class family lmao
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out qualifies you for contests .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
think that swing can be used for something else ?
i was at this game in 86 when they filmed this portion of the let 's go mets go song .
it 's the urges or impulses when i feel like i 'm about to act out in that moment is what i 'm asking about .
being how the christian god is the same as the god jewish people believe in a perfect oneness or being such as god would not hand down incorrect teachings to one group and then correct teachings to another .
if abortion was acceptable to them and they expressed that in the older editions of the bible then even when a new sec forms christianity the stance remains the same .
i knew when i saw how awkward other people thought they looked that he was gon na get phased out
sideline reporter looks like she wants to eat the mic .
100 not the demeanor of an abused women who survived horrendous acts of violence !
the more i watch and read the angrier i get .
need more women that dare to do this kind of things so it does n't automatically turns us in degenerates
i wish i could be your sissy gurl friend so we can dress up cute and slutty for bbcs to fuck our brains out and then cum on you and i 'll lick you cleannn💕💕💕
no i do n't think they do refunds on those
yeah my employees and i drink water all day on the job site .
got ta stay hydrated else you ai n't gon na have a good day .
also no drinking on the job does n't get me horny but it does get me refreshed .
as a shareholder i am very disappointed with your lack of productivity !
do n't know why people get so tight that their stores ca n't preform well .
very interesting question only crew we know he ever was with was rock and his crew ... also when he went to ask kaido to join because rock wanted to recruit him he had his staches..
i 'd be ready to believe that yes but only if it 's a couple year before
the first 10 minutes of the second half was very much old tigers but the bounce back to put the game away was more proof that we 're going in the right direction i think .
also shout out to joffa who 's been a criminally underrated key piece of the team the last few weeks
those are n't actual images of the on-screen texts .
that person transcribed the texts and reproduced them on ifaketextmessage.com so the timestamp is meaningless .
you can see the watermark at the bottom in the text input field .
i 've paused to look at all of the texts too and i have n't seen a single timestamp that did n't make sense .
yes and it 's an unavoidable problem from grinding late game maps so intensely ever since oil cap was added and the coin payout was increased .
since the hard cap for oil and coin is 25k and 600k respectively i do n't see it being a big problem but the oil hard cap should n't be reached that 's a no
as for coin the merchant generates around 8k coin for 24 hours while a run at 12-4 takes around 10 minutes on average and gives 2k coins per clear so you can clearly see which is more efficient you can clear 12-4 a dozen time within an hour or two and get far more coins than the merchant can hope to generate
besides having 500k coins to spare means that i practically no longer have fear about not having enough coins
tbh probably cleaned some road dust off of the car with that slap .
know what i 've been wanting to see a decent video version of for years ?
i like to imagine the clothes are for when it 's very cold or for special occasions and work .
since the kids do dress up as specific roles and that sometimes involves clothes .
there 's only one truly relaxing game out there .
the short answer is if in doubt do n't go out '' though i 'll admit that 's not massively helpful .
my club has a hard cap at 30 knots but if we 'd get close to that is very much dependent on who we 're working with and what we 're doing as well as direction .
smallish group of the more experienced kids in dinghies in a 25 kt westerly ?
sure we can go hide under the big hill just to the west of our preferred sailing area they can basically choose how much wind they want by how far out from it they go .
shift that to an easterly and suddenly the rocky beach under that hill is a lee shore at the end of a nice open stretch ... does n't look so appealing !
larger groups/less experienced kids we 're probably reconsidering closer to 20kts though again direction and our sailing area makes a difference .
stick 'em in keelboats and we can push that up a little again to the high 20s our hawk 20s handle surprisingly nicely on just their jibs .
volunteer 'training ' sessions ... yeah we 've been known to push beyond that 30 limit pretty close cough 35 cough .
so to summarise it depends on the boats type condition not only strength but direction of the wind sailing area very different experience 25kts pond sailing than coastal people and even tide wind against tide can make life much more unpleasant .
but in short if in doubt do n't go out ! ''
ok but how does that improve american roads schools and healthcare
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i do the same thing the nail salon people never understand
a med dispensary down by me alwaysbhad that problem they always just swapped it for another
no one knows what that is like unless they 've walked it .
a soul is worth more than all the treasures on the earth .
i would love to see people accept whatever the f\*ck a person wants to be .
there might be things that can help a person be what they want but sometimes there 's things we do n't understand .
you know what besides elden ring my newest game is 2018
sounds like you were in a toxic relationship with her and most of that toxicity was coming from your side .
have n't you out each other through enough let each other go .
relationships platonic or romantic are not meant to be this difficult .
when they are it is a clear sign to let it go for the sake of all parties involved
would it make you feel better that a company called progressivehealth lets exercise physiologists do assessments of injuries as well ?
though the main unique thing here is that my first two main protagonists are basically monsters who want to live like humans .
elina grey-laranis/noridea 's demon queen she and her father are reverse demons of sorts .
her father is a plague eater a benign reversal of a plague demon .
her mother was a succubus who effectively raped her father .
monstrous features her true form was bird-like wings horns armor piercing talons and a lower jaw that can split open to reveal dozens of feeding tendrills .
the worst part is that she hungers for souls despite having plague eater psychology they are happy when people are healthy .
she 'll keep devolving into a more feral and monstrous form the longer she goes without feeding .
instabilities elina is by most metrics unstable as her biology is quite fickle .
the devolving along with various mental problems do n't bode well for any kind of long term future .
this caused her to grow distant from regular humans as she considered herself too much of a threat .
solutions elina can feed on her husband 's corruption as it is effectively a dark soul .
she can break this corruption down like her father does diseases .
her true form while still monstrous advanced to a sleeker final form .
she can completely sate her hunger for souls this way .
it also allows her to safely interact with humans again .
demon queen elina and her father are both demon lord grade .
at seperate points both discovered that they could copy the plague eater aspect into other lower and mid-range demons via infection .
this creates anti-demon variants succubi become motherly war demons honorable etc .
elina became the active demon queen as her father was reluctant to take up such a function .
only now she felt responsible for their wellbeing instead of being their tyrant .
decius grey/12th lord of death and decay decius was originally a human of some description his exact origins are unknown as he was approx 4 5 years old when he was partially transformed .
he 's basically a tragic monster raised by a paladin-like organization .
corruption decius ' original corruption was halted by a woman he assumed to be his mother for the longest time .
she was later revealed to be a soul trapped within the 3rd lord of death/decay .
she also helped decius escape by pushing him through a crack in reality .
however decius ' transformation was restarted by the 6th lord of death and decay after their 2nd encounter .
he would ultimately transform into a monster from various doomsday prophecies .
out of control decius as a child accidentally killed two people after emerging on a new world .
he had no way of turning off his death/decay powers .
he was forced to wear blessed cloth to stop this effect from harming all those around him .
the downside was that this cloth weakened and hurt him .
even learning light magic harmed him but he continued regardless .
very few people knew what decius actually looked like due to always being covered in blessed robes and armor .
eternal decay a decay spreads from wound on decius ' left shoulder .
it keep his left arm chest and the left side of his face in a eternal state of decay .
people do n't see this due to him always wearing robes and whatnot to contain his powers .
he however was able to revert to a fully human appearance due to his wife feeding on him .
lord of the dead decius as a teen was brought along on a campaign to free a city from necromancers who had taken control .
his foster father and teachers had noticed that undead froze up when near him .
so they used him to get a easy win .
nobody including decius understood that these undead were actually awaiting his orders .
breaking with prophecy decius ended up on elina 's world after fighting a losing battle with the 6th lord .
elina at this point had devolved into a griffin-like creature and attacked him .
immune to his decay powers she overpowered him in his weakened state and fed .
elina reverted to a humanoid form while decius gained control over his powers .
he did n't end up doing the things he was supposed to .
both of them kept their respective transformations at bay through regular feedings .
lord of the half-dead decius has a arsenal of powers and modified his otherwise evil ones for benign ends .
he could halt undead transformations and claim the afflicted as his minions so the other lords could n't .
he became their caretaker in the same way as elina did for the anti-demons .
monsters looking for normalcy these two have great powers but ultimately just want to live lives with a semblance of normality .
they get romantically involved and end up having partially human children long story .
elina for instance introduces decius to food he up until that point had only eaten rotten food as it would spoil the moment it got near his mouth .
decius on the other hand helped elina come to terms with her demonic powers .
they go from tragic monsters to a loving couple dealing with bizarre situations .
tl dr good monsters start a symbiotic/romantic relationship and end up saving hundreds of worlds from destruction
i drive by these places every day and never thought to go in .
you earn at whatever speed you do so you can earn at walking jogging or running up to you how you exercise each day .
that 's sketchy if you can not see it in person before paying .
its not fast but it kills them atleast to the point i do n't see giant nests any more
lmao somebody please make a meme out of oli right there
by not applying tension you 'll let the pins move freely so you 'll be able to more easliy recognise pins vs pushing at the plug warding .
get used to locating pins while moving backward and forward through the lock .
try sliding the pick in from the front lower the pick tip under the pin and lift then slide the pick further in until it hits the next pin .
that 's just one way of getting used to feeling your way through the lock .
if the pins feel really solid when you apply tension you 're applying too much tension .
a binding pin should feel stiff but still slide when you apply some pick pressure .
i always wait for someone to call my name more than once so i can actually tell if they are and it 's not just my imagination
cryin still its cool there is plenty here to cry with you .
i 'm a bit superstitious so i 'm saying warriors in 6 so i hope i 'm wrong again .
har du bråttom ut i arbetslivet behöver du erfarenheter .
även något så enkelt som att flippa burgare på mcd är bättre än en tom cv .
my theory is their sites import the sizes their database says they could order from their supplier even if they never actually do stock those sizes .
shoe shopping becomes a pain above 12 and a nightmare above 14 even before you factor in vegan or extra wide etc .
families of the victims should sue his fucking ass just like sandy hook victims family sued alex jones fuck this racist nazi shit spewing turd
did car prices go down when production moved to mexico ?
your post has been automatically removed because you posted an image or video that you did not tag as oc or art .
please confirm that your post is original content by reposting with oc or art in the title .
it is recommended you delete the initial post before reposting .
if your post is not original content or if it is on our list of banned subjects https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules wiki_3._all_images_must_be_original_content.2c_must_be_tagged_as_.5boc.5d.2c_and_must_not_be_on_our_banned_subjects_list .
such as simple pictures of books or dice you may receive a warning .
after re-posting with the correct title your post will also require a description in the comments at least 400 characters in length .
our complete list of rules can be found in the sidebar or on our rules wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dnd if you have any questions or concerns .
gets loaded on gin and tonic at sorrentinos then closes creekview .
if they call this a flagrant the nba is rigged
came to say the same thing lol especially with chucky on next to it
olive garden zuppa toscana and taco bell 's chicken quesadilla sauce
you might wan na go through pocket circuit and the bug minigame a few times while also progressing through the story
yeh i guess alex would have his head more wrapped around the music and would be able to explain it better if we ever get an interview .
i hope the songs are as good or catchy as 4/5 or tbhc i guess we 'll just have to wait and see .
however you 're not stating an opinion you 're asking a question .
i 'm sorry but the way you wrote it is almost as messy as the cgi in the she hulk trailer .
it 's a frequently posted subject but op probably did n't know about that so lets not downvote them to the ground..
alternatively the endgame content should n't be easy to beat .
having the ability to attempt that content should n't be supremely difficult .
the logo could be rendered in maya quite easily all you would need to do is trace it .
there may also be a way to import a vector of the logo .
second pic reminds me of one of my favorite horror movies .
so 's kids are not your responsibility and you doing anything for them is an act of your own free will .
no one can tell you you 're doing too much or too little that 's a conversation between you and so .
my only advise would be to thicken your skin and maybe talking to your partner so he can ask bm to stop meddling in your relationship .
she will probably continue to talk shit but it does n't really concern you .
your partner could hung up the phone or stop the conversation whenever she mentions you .
the kids will judge on their own do n't let their mother change your relationship with them
charlotte i just feel so alone even when i 'm surrounded by other people. charlotte i just do n't know what i 'm supposed to be. charlotte
you can usually remedy them yourself even if you probably should n't but you can also get surgery on them .
lots of ways to get to the ultimate destination 😁
the issue is n't ssf it 's not playing a meta build .
all that is fine if i play seismic traps or dd or ea ballista 's .
all of that is not fine if i want to play something built around heralds or other aura 's or mana stacking or anything that does n't spend 25 points on aura nodes in the top half of the tree .
also what influencers have used that name for their kid ? ?
we need a mega thread of influencer kid names in here if there is n't one already
eta i do n't like it for the royal theme i like it because it 's one syllable and unique .
would love to hear any other one syllable unique name ideas people have !
wiggins doing some stupid shit while reggie explains how important it is curry takes that shot sent me ngl
i can not believe that 's a sport people do .
one elbow and i 'd want to go home .
patriots park apartments is about 1200 for 2 bedroom .
if they do n't have any availability hmu i 'm looking to break my lease early to move to somersworth the next few weeks .
dude it 's a trash show in a passe genre .
what 's the concept they even trying to achieve ?
they look like they 're from the vans clearance section at an outlet
first seen here https redd.it/o9abin on 2021-06-28 100.0 match .
visit r/repostsleuthbot i 'm not perfect but you can help .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' uu8al6 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com ? postid=uu8al6 samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=86 targetimagememematch=96
what legislation has twitter pushed to hinder free speech ?
what policies are elon pushing for to protect it ?
do n't give me he 's buying it ! because that is n't policy .
that 's an action which does n't mean shit if there is no policy or reason .
you 've done nothing but go off on tangents and non sequiturs .
saying the dnc wants to destroy free speech is nothing .
give me some specifics about what they are doing to hinder speech and where twitter is supporting them .
nobody that 's alive today has anything to do with what happened back then .
there 's enough current shit going on as we speak .
thats a hot take both sides bad '' bullshit take divorced from reality .
yeah obama bombed innocent people in afghanistan but that was inheritint a wae that had been going on for 7 years .
it 's definitely a big reason i hate the pats but for the sox is more just extra salt .
at the end of the day i wanted them to do well in the playoffs last year for whatever that 's worth .
even with ibs taco bell does n't give me any problems .
also leaving when you get no squad is a bad idea no matter what happens in the match you get your usual points put into points .
so basically it 's free rp as if you were playing in the new lowest rank
his complete and utter douchebaggery aside this is an adorable picture
i think about it often and it hurts me so much .
what made you finally do it and did you feel like you 'd receive social guilt or shame ?
i expressed to a very good friend also a dog owner how i was feeling and she made me feel worse and basically gave me a lecture.. it was terrible and now i feel like the friendship is tainted .
i draw semi detailed anime characters you might be interested .
you might get some here or there but i would n't count on it being a regular occurrence .
best bet is to find a local maltser or order online from a homebrew supplier .
— william t. sherman while taking out his lighter .
gente olha aí o maluco ia deixar toda grana dele na mao do bostanero xandao cabeça de piroca e paulo maluf .
you got my hopes up and dashed them quite expertly .
if i did n't believe in it i would n't still be holding mine from 1.80 .
i 've day traded here and there but i always intended to get a long term vault for when functionality is utilized in more places and it hits 20.00 each .
they 're just giving me a big discount and more time .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
please feel free to crosspost this to other subreddits !
it 'll help us grow the community and you can get more karma if you care about that
if this post or any of the comments breaks any of the subreddits established rules see the main r/rightjerk page report it so we can filter through the comments much more
here 's our new discord https discord.gg/exnan5d3tj feel free to join !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rightjerk if you have any questions or concerns .
to prevent spam trolling accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/booty .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty if you have any questions or concerns .
many phenomena — wars plagues sudden audits — have been advanced as evidence for the hidden hand of satan in the affairs of man but whenever students of demonology get together the m25 london orbital motorway is generally agreed to be among the top contenders for exhibit a .
where they go wrong of course is assuming the wretched road is evil simply because of the incredible carnage and frustration it engenders every day .
in fact very few people on the face of the planet knew that the very shape of the m25 forms the sigil odegra in the language of the black priesthood of ancient mu and means hail the great beast devourer of worlds. the thousands of motorists who daily fume their way around its serpentine lengths have the same effect as water on a prayer wheel grinding out an endless fog of low-grade evil to pollute the metaphysical atmosphere for scores of miles around .
it had taken years to achieve and had involved three computer hacks two break-ins one minor bribery and on one wet night when all else had failed two hours in a squelchy field shifting the marker pegs a few but occultly incredibly significant meters .
when crowley had watched the first thirty-mile-long tailback he 'd experienced the lovely warm feeling of a bad job well done .
also it might have been spreading a while but they were n't testing for it until the news recently came out about it .
at least with this one i think they 're kind of self aware and a little ironic .
tigers were going to be a garbage team either way .
they have a rotation full of 5 's and a lineup that ca n't hit .
i 'm curious to know why the hygienist do n't sharpen the instruments .
that 's about as cheap as you 're going to get .
об убийствах мужчин the new york times рассказали восемь свидетелей в том числе один из мужчин которых задержали российские военные — 43-летний иван скиба .
во время расправы над мирными жителями он получил ранение упал и притворился мертвым .
there 's a lot of far right racists in the indian subcontinent man .
i would pay hundreds of dollars in crypto for any verifiable leads on groups committing these scams
we 'll trace your shit dox your group and pull up in person please do n't fuck with our kids .
interesting so updoot on paying for leads but downdoot when i explain what i do with them .
no because here in usa we have freedom press .
you can seek out your comfomation bias from other sources multiple repeatable sources from reuters-npr nyt wtp it 's the same story .
again bears are wild animals and should be handled by a professional .
lol okay nevermind the yearly 13,000.00 premium for a family of four paid no matter what
it 's been almost 2 fucking years and they never get any real comeuppance .
it 's way past due for the 3 assholes to be left laying at the end of a show .
i wonder what could happen if np just allowed people to start their character with more than 5k .
everything in np is a money sink which is necessary or was for old bank payouts and for civ jobs but since they made everything else grindy and expensive it makes grinding necessary to get into certain types of rp on the server .
the legend reaching new game 1000 in dark souls 3
you will miss the shot if you keep waiting .
smile dera matra hint hudaina ... sathi haru ko through bujhna lagau paila and if you find out its mutual then do n't just stay put act on it .
let me guess people with depression just need to cheer up and people with adhd just need to figure out better time management right ?
chronological req and paid posts http www.reddit.com/r/loans+borrow/search ? q=title 3aalternative-skirt-11+or+author 3aalternative-skirt-11 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all reddit investigator http redditinvestigator.com/alternative-skirt-11 justin paulin creddit rating http justinpaulin.com/tools/credditrating.php ? username=alternative-skirt-11
selling shopping carts a lot of money in this shit
5 and bigger than any single company i believe either way big enough to keep the government from going after them they may only be 5 of the gdp but i 'll guarantee its over 50 of the kickbacks they get
i usually dig a roller pit nearby because fuck space lobsters .
não sei se fica muito longe pra vc mas tem uma smart fit pertinho do metrô consolação .
é na rua augusta do lado do center 3 então tá sempre meio movimentado .
we have salads here so as a guy who does wushu chinese martial arts and want to have some healthier choices i just eat salad lol
i believe in being very careful about who can have guns but not what a responsible adult can have .
my malkavian tends to talk normally and he 'll sometimes drift mid sentence and kind of start staring off before snapping back to reality with attempted composure .
i keep hearing more and more negative things about turbotax and it 's like they do n't care about their customers at all .
i unfortunately do n't have any tips to help .
i hope you find someone who can and maybe some compensation for how ridiculous turbotax has handled your case
all the lead paint chips they ate as kids p
i get that it makes sense now given what the right wing is currently in this country but it still does n't make sense for a conference that was founded by the american conservative union to be hosted anywhere but in america and it was n't from it 's creation in 1974 until recently 2017 being the first year .
2016 was before trump was the nominee iirc so the writing has been on the wall in red sharpie or feces or obscure q codes for a while .
maybe it 'd be easier to read if there 's also a fire ?
last year i sold wildflower/fireweed mix wholesale in 55 gallon drums for 2.60 a pound hardly worth extracting unless you already invested a lot of money into extracting equipment .
bitcoin has harmed progress with its sov nonsense sure .
but crypto is a better system it will get adopted .
lmao this storyline is so boring it 's unreal .
if there 's anyone who 's a bi icon it 's knockout from transformers prime .
i 'd like to see a flag of that lol .
for a wife it 's much better to err on the side of too much jealousy than too much trustfulness .
sorry your post has been removed bc your account is under the legal r/4chan age .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/4chan if you have any questions or concerns .
literally just hold it with both hands at the bottom of the handle above your head and just yeet that thing
i beg of you bubba please dont do this to canadian ak .
i do think my caloric intake has suffered as has my good fats .
im always afraid of missing side content through progressing the main story so try to do it all before progressing .
having a chunk of new map icons appear when i thought i 'd just cleared an area fully was heartbreaking .
i 'm intelligence you 're reading too much into the memes .
also 35m or human intelligence collector is all about talking to people and gathering intelligence that way .
it can be a fun plane i 'd say better visibility than tbm as well .
however if it 's for scenic adventures in a standard single engine prop those piper arrows win almost every time imho
i do n't even get the point of those statements like ' one day cannes will be at india ' .
not a single person at the film festival has actually spoken about films so far .
if cloud phoenixes usually live in clouds and mountain tops where do the other two types like to live ?
hard to know because we do n't know when that episode was written .
if it was written after the backlash then it could be a possibility that they cut the scene .
but we do n't know for sure when it was written
the worst thing about star citizen is the over-dramatic player base on reddit .
you might laugh but i only discovered this like 6 years ago when i started practicing and researching esoteric magick and witchcraft stuff .
ios users discord has classified our server as nsfw .
so you will need to enable nsfw in your discord settings on desktop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
oh yes totally at most got a couple of mashed up fries .
jaja du har målat in dig i ett hörn .
du oroar dig mer för rasism än för kvinnovåld i detta klippet .
invandrartjejen oroar sig mer för kvinnovåld än för rasism i detta klippet .
jag tror inte du är hustrumisshandlare däremot har du svalt bilden av invandrare som offer trots att det är tvärtom .
will drizzt show up in bg3 and related games ?
maybe but i think that whole story has been told many times now in books and comics and games .
there was even a legend of drizzt action rpg video game that came out last year d d dark alliance might be worth checking out .
larian seem more interested in telling their own stories and while i 'm sure we 'll see famous faces from the fr world pop up i dealt struggle to see a drizzt-focused rpg rehashing those old stories .
most likely they are looking to tell new stories in this world rather than adapting books from the 90 's .
may the fires of oblivion burn in your glory on this cake day mortal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i simply said they 're not my presidents because i 'm not american .
if you 're going to be condescending at least be correct when you do so .
i genuinely thought the guest judge on episode 2 was gillian anderson until i read this thread .
has anybody ever seen them in the same room together ?
in actual range the mercs are on a level footing with tesla and are roughly the same price with much better build quality
i love a game where 's a decent amount of collectibles something like ghost of tsushima or spider-man ps4 i love just running through a huge open world doing side quests .
it 's a psychological thriller so perhaps it 's not exactly what you 're looking for but it 's probably my favorite anime of all time .
you laugh at someone for no sources without you having sources thinking it disproves their point .
i wont comment on these i brought just take in mind i put not only information in favour of my arguments but against .
the contrast between capitalist and precapitalist work patterns is most striking in respect to the working year .
official that is church holidays included not only long vacations '' at christmas easter and midsummer but also numerous saints ' andrest days .
these were spent both in sober churchgoing and in feasting drinking and merrymaking .
in addition to official celebrations there were often weeks ' worth of ales to mark important life events bride ales or wake ales as well as less momentous occasions scot ale lamb ale and hock ale .
all told holiday leisure time in medieval england took up probably about one-third of the year .
and the english were apparently working harder than their neighbors .
the ancien règime in france is reported to have guaranteed fifty-two sundays ninety rest days and thirty-eight holidays .
in spain travelers noted that holidays totaled five months per year
plowing and harvesting were backbreaking toil but the peasant enjoyed anywhere from eight weeks to half the year off .
the church mindful of how to keep a population from rebelling enforced frequent mandatory holidays .
in fact economist juliet shor found that during periods of particularly high wages such as 14th-century england peasants might put in no more than 150 days a year .
what shor and others for there are others who make the same claim has done is looked at the labour service expected of the villein and then claimed that this was the amount of work they had to do .
nonsense this work on the lord 's demesne was the rent payable for the peasant 's own land to farm .
something which rather added to his workload of course that farming his own land .
and finally there 's the obvious point that these villeins and churls were animal owning peasant farmers .
and people who own animals just do n't get 70 days off a year you do n't manage to go off and get pissed for a week and then expect to have live animals when you come back .
what has been done here is to mistake work in the market economy for all the work being done .
as a vast amount of a peasant 's work is not in that market economy that 's why they 're peasants and why they 're poor then they 've decided not to include that back breaking labour done inside the household as labour .
this implies that even in the middle ages they had to work at least 201 days per
when we add in clothing and shelter and support of
women and children the work year would have to be considerably longer .
the high implied food consumption per day of medieval workers suggests that at a given
day wage they had high annual real incomes and thus must typically have worked as many
to 1800 there are few observations in this period .
ployed on farms seems to have been close to 300 days even in the eighteenth century .
the sixteenth and seventeenth century the wage assessments suggest there may have been
a work year of only around 260 days but when we look at food consumption in the years
before 1602 compared to the nineteenth century it appears as though even medieval
they 're healthy and have far more experience than the teams they played .
i mean come on ... it 's definitely well within the realms of possibility .
i checked it and he has a goal every 800 minutes in the prem .
a decent amount of defenders have a better ratio than that .
you can say he 's a better creator than players who dont need to create all you want timo werner has more assists than cho for cheslea first team in 2 years than callum 's career but at the end of the day he is simply not good enough and given so many chances that he did n't take
i 'll give it a try when i get another dead gumstick battery .
i take peek into your profile and nothing special catches my eye .
do you have something that you want to talk about ?
ne može da ima ista količina novca u 2008 i danas i da nas jebe inflacija u isto vreme .
she cant publicly do it god forbid a religion gets a whiff a secular politican is trying to influence it
but she has much power and no doubt there are powerful people in the religion sympathetic to her and the changes she would like to see .
with skill she could help them advance in the religion to higher positions quietly of course but doable .
eventually if the cardinals and archbishoparchbishops are more for the changes than against it the senators will have to concede since their constituents will be told to agree by their leaders .
its not that black and white but i think her trying to get in and modify the church is much more doable than trying to fight it .
get it onside and she will have 10x the power introducing an artificial messiah would be the 'i win ' button but thats pretty fantastical she could do pretty well just helping a few sympathetic priests become high ranking officials within the church .
quiet donations leaks on their rivals maybe even threats is shes mean .
offer her detractors nice cushy incentives to be quiet maybe ask her main rival to be a religious envoy overseas away from the powerplays .
politicians know how to play backroom games better than most churches
it was night and i was in the dining room playing a game on my laptop when suddenly my head was shoved to the left with such force that i fell out of my chair .
i never felt anything actually touch me but i for sure felt a force push .
of course i looked around but nothing was there .
so sorry that it did n't work out for you though .
if i may ask how did you apply it ?
on top of other products or as a stand alone powder foundation ?
and good on you for sticking up for your nephew .
the fact that he improved in a month after moving shows that his transphobic mom was the problem .
on what planet does a man leave a woman locked out so she can not at least get her purse and keys ?
all because you do n't want to be reminded you are single i imagine you were frequently reminded since she tried to contact you/knock ...
so that really did n't work did it ? .
talk to your roommate set some ground rules and figure your sh*t out .
once a month i watch david is dead just to cheer me up
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asshole if you have any questions or concerns .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
sometimes my room is messy as shit then i hit the deemz and my room is clean and organized .
other times i turn into a toy and the things in my surroundings are plastic toy versions of what they actually are.. shits crazy ... or i watch music videos and rappers are rapping directly to me..
yell profanities to myself and hope i catch em from the back if theyre camping i yeet frags their way and try to catch em off guard
it is but it 's not used for the outrageous purpose being described here .
the demographics data is collected for exactly the opposite reason to enforce anti-discrimination laws .
i have similar experiences with blood and i 've mentioned it numerous times to my gp and they never seem too concerned .
i feel as though when it happens i 'm not straining and it 's not hard stools which they are aware of and again not concerned .
so i would n't worry too much but keep an eye on it and if you lose a lot of blood or your stools are black and tar-like go straight to the er .
it can be really disconcerting to see and i 've thought there 's been a considerable amount in the stool before so made an asap appointment but no alarm bells rang for them so i 've relaxed about it .
lmao out of the 3 i think this one was the least damaging to elon 's victim but the most petty on his part .
another option for reviewing removed content is your rev***eddit user page https www.reveddit.com/y/s ! a ! i ! n ! t ! s ! w ! x ! z ? all=true .
the real-time extension https www.reveddit.com/add-ons/direct alerts you when a moderator removes your content and the linker extension https www.reveddit.com/add-ons/linker provides buttons https i.imgur.com/0baimpq.png for viewing removed content .
there 's also a shortcut for ios https www.icloud.com/shortcuts/62bc7570613c42cb8b851fad264136df .
the parent commenter can reply with 'delete ' to remove this comment .
to support this tool post it on your profile https old.reddit.com/user/me/submit ? title=see+which+comments+of+yours+have+been+removed url=https 3a 2f 2fwww.reveddit.com 2fabout 2f and select 'pin to profile ' https i.imgur.com/uq9agmv.png .
i used to watch little lizard and tiny turtle and little kelly and little carly where always in those vids i miss the good old days
i 've said it elsewhere in here i can only guess to the statistics .
one way to improve the tag spam '' or dirty percentage is to only enable it or disable it on certain communities .
as in for example political communities have no use for this tag and rarely talk about covid-19 other information .
but that would require extra work from reddit 's side .
a simpler solution would be to rename it to 'covid-19 disinformation ' i do n't know what else it 's used for to suggest better alternatives .
this kind of mentality right here is pretty much why any franchise with any intentions of being marketed to kids will never be taken seriously regardless of their merits or artistic passion transformers included unfortunately
also quit being a dickhead and censor your posts properly i was also very interested in watching this movie without any spoilers because it seemed to me like the long overdue roger rabbit sequel we desperately need whilst also being the most creative disney movie made in a while that is n't clearly a carefully crafted test group movie or a sequel because originality is hard .
on top of that you elected to make a total ass of yourself because instead of just censoring your post like a sensible person your immediate instinct was shit slinging with the first comment that criticized your post thanks for that .
you have to beat 4 good teams to win the cup .
i 'm not saying they need a kawhi move but they 're not close .
some folks have toys and people to share them with .
i believe they can go together and do n't replace .
happy shopping if you do choose the buy something fun .
we 're in one where turkey thinks its some kind of democracy donald trump was president for one term and mcdonalds sold pizza at some point .
adam sanırım haberde bahsi geçen şehirdenmiş ve bir dönem o da çiftçilik orada yapmış bu yüzden böyle bir tepki vermiş olabilir
i seem to lose a lot of times when someone has one .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm just sad cuz he used to be pretty good but is now unwatchable even as background noise .
i just sat down and watched them all in a row a couple of months ago and confirmed what i was pretty sure of when i was younger .
they 're all shit but i was pretty damn entertained for like six hours a day watching two each day .
that all assumes that being correct '' is the goal which it 's not .
the goal of teaching kids math is making them flexible and robust at dealing with numbers .
even if your strengths '' are memorizing the algorithm on the right hand side of the video your goal should still be to actually understand what 's happening with the numbers
it 's a good time to train you will need it later .
i was laying on the bed when i decided for no apparent reason to stand up back against my closest and tried to meditate with my eyes closed .
it was pitch black in my room not the kind of oh look it 's night i literally could n't see anything the blinds were fully down too and it was around 9 pm to 2 am .
after a while i decide to focus on my eyes for a few seconds and then i opened them .
i got this rush of euphoria like i was idk a better version than myself i could think at hyper speed and for what it lasted i was so confident in myself i ca n't quite explain other than i was a better version than myself .
as soon as i opened my eyes all of the contents of my room lit up like i had infrared but with white instead of green i could see clear outlines of everything like it was nothing and yet i knew it was still pitch black in there .
it was so crazy it really felt like i had superpowers for that brief amount of time and my depth perception on the objects was spot on not just a filter over my eyes and there were no shadows .
then everything just suddenly faded and i was staring at ... just black my vision returned to normal instantly and the feeling of adrenaline and euphoria vanished with it .
i tried to experience this again but i never could it 's different than your eyes adjusting in the dark because you cant see anything in pitch black environments i could see with such clarity such detail it was beautiful .
prince of egypt is the best movie on that list .
shrek is the only one that comes close and it 's still a wide gap .
poe is one of the best films of all time and i 'm not religious .
all of the competition was destroyed back then once they came out for the gameboy .
like stanley parable is my favorite game but 40 hours ?
may came from a group that was made up of jay que and goofy i 'm not surprised she 's used to being sweaty about jobs .
the hoa ‘thought process ' seems awfully similar to lang and some cb 's stuff though where the beginning of every getaway plan is ‘just drive '
climate change people sick of the two party pigeonhole and a new generation of voters amongst others will do that .
tbh when i checked your profile i totally was wishing you had the same type of content as mine ☺️
the bookverse characters use katakana-english as if it were their native language all the time .
i recall elvira going so far as to say ビバ貴族院 once viva royal academy which pushes the imagination even further with them using katakana latin or whatever without a second thought .
in this case plain '' プレーン was never put in parathenesis indicating japanese speech so it 's literally impossible to say whether this is normal bookverse terminology and he 's just unfamiliar with the word or not .
i 'll have to consult the author about it at the end of the book to make an informed decision .
of course this scene makes more sense with that interpretation but one can never be sure with bookworm .
this is made more difficult by the fact プレーン is surprisingly rarely used in dialogue perhaps if it had been used more it would have been put in parenthesis and discussed .
your question typed into google should be us military awards '' .
then once you 've learned more about what you have then you post a look what i have ! ''
making a counter argument without providing any evidence or sources also seems irrational .
no praying over poop is not normal ... ... for any religion as far as i 'm aware .
i definitely did n't learn that from my world religions class nor my christian peers
i know it was wrong for her to make that mocking impression of jd but i laughed out loud when she did it d
i really do n't know the rules in the replay it looked like the hand got hit to me
i do n't ſeek linguiſtic purity '' as þey ſeem to .
i juſt enjoy þͤ ſimple addition of ſ þ. oþerwiſe þis is juſt normal modern engliſh .
i like how þis ſtyle is ſlightly more compact but not overly ſo .
the guy that just permanently put lola bunny 's pussy on somebody https youtu.be/ux5cqbo_ybw
i 'm glad to hear that i was wondering what happened after the episode .
the french revolution happened you think heads are the only thing that got cut off ?
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
my department transferred my work location from gatineau to bc for just that reason .
you just need willing management on both sides to set that up .
your flair will update once your partner replies to your comment .
u/lordscrodom please reply to the above comment with your feedback only after your transaction is complete and both sides have received their end of the transaction .
once you reply you will both get credit and your flair scores will increase .
u/lordscrodom if you did not complete a transaction with this person please do not reply to their comment as this will confirm the transaction .
instead please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/digitalcodesell subject=incorrectly 20tagged 20confirmation message=i 20was 20incorrectly 20tagged 20in 20this 20comment 3a 20https 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fcomments 2fuv0yxg 2f 2fi9is54d so we can contact the user and handle the situation .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please use any of these tags which you see fit h psa pc q store
psa public service announcement psa there has been a major change that needs to be known
pc pricecheck pc i need a price check on x
q question q what would keep price in the long run x or x ?
store store store i have too many items to list in the topic so check my description
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/csgotrading if you have any questions or concerns .
my friend spending way too much on the worst stripper in the club
yes ... no you ca n't see the aurora borealis ...
i prefer to be shit when i 'm against a monster week otherwise i feel like im wasting good weeks and still getting fucked .
you should hear his conversations with mazzy and jaheira .
i 'm sure there are more but those are the main ones i remember .
i like anomen too but because he is so human .
t it 's okay to have an off night but get it to the open man in horford there !
your account must be at least 3 days old to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/edmontongonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
many white union workers love their high wages great benefits and pensions as long as people who look like themselves are getting the benefits .
voters in 2018 voted down right to work in august that year and then turned around and elected josh hawley in november as proof .
ya think hawley advocates for policies and judges who are going to help the working class ?
more then likely bc its overheating so fast with r20 '' or also again just incase make sure you have removed the piece of plastic/paper that cover the coper block .
its like a protective film make sure that was pulled off when you applied the thermal paste if it came with one which im sure it did ''
next i will say are you 100 sure the pump is working .
it could very well be that you have a good mount but your pump isnt working .
are you sure you have your pumped plugged in to the correct port ?
while i dont think this is the cause and im certain your issue is heat related it could very well be a combination of cpu overheating and psu isnt powerful enough .
i would say you would need at least a 750w psu for your system .
minimum bc you will prob be pulling around 500w while gaming .
do this so i would first check to make sure the pump is 100 working and not dead or plug into the wrong slot .
side note read your mob manual to where you should plug in your aio cooler '' if oyu are then certain the pump is working i would remove the block check and make sure the plastic film is off and then remount it with even pressure .
if you have new thermal paste rather then using the stock stuff i would suggest cleaning it and re applying '' ether way i dont recommend using the stock stuff its garbage .
on that aio 240mm i would expect that cpu while gaming after it had time to reach equilibrium about 15-30min of gaming '' to be around 75-85c stable at its max .
it should n't peak higher then that give or take a few .
what temp does your cpu hit right before it shuts off ?
what are your idle temps before you hit test cpu in r20 ?
edit im off to bed atm so i wont be able to respond till the morning in about 6h .
i had a team during the practice days that got 300k .
i 've heard this from every single person i 've told this to .
i decided i would be childfree at five years old .
wtf makes you think i 'd change my mind now .
there is n't an aspect of kids i like .
in regards to unsolicited comments about children i work in the food service .
we have a regular who comes in whose order i 've memorized so when he walks in i usually just start making it .
he 's one of those guys who 's like 20 years older than me but is too friendly for comfort .
one day he comes in and he 's like you feed me so well you 'll be a great mother one day . ''
first of all i 'm paid to do this .
i would n't be feeding you if i was n't paid for it .
second of all it 's good to know the only prerequisite for being a good parent is feeding the kids well .
third of all what the fuck makes you think i want to be a mother ?
it 's so so so so so gross hearing that coming from a a stranger and b somebody who flirts with me regularly so there 's an implication there .
i 'm going to start telling people i 'm infertile to make them feel bad ngl .
if anyone has better ideas to freak them out/make them feel bad please let me know .
yes but it does help reduce the risk of an infection and it 's not like it 'll ever hurt the child .
remember when florida fans were bad fans for leaving a few seconds before their game ended in a sure loss ?
nice to know i would have inadvertently done the correct procedure !
right when it looked like we 'd taken full control of this series things could n't have possibly gone better for colorado .
the blues are a veteran team that probably wo n't take it all as hard as the fans but what a gutted feeling .
i guess they look off '' in a vague way but i do n't see the obvious flaw .
the k '' in pokemon does n't look right .
i found another article by the same author and now i think she might actually be a sociopath .
https 12ft.io/proxy ? q=https 3a 2f 2fwacotrib.com 2fopinion 2fcolumnists 2fteresa-ghilarducci-think-twice-grandma-before-you-become-the-nanny 2farticle_7ee4feb2-ebda-11eb-b6e1-27edb13b37fb.html
the biggest losses from taking care of grandchildren are what economists call opportunity or indirect costs .
filling your days with watching your grandchildren means you miss the chance to pursue other interests and interact with other adults .
even more important at least financially you forgo the opportunity to earn money .
how out of touch do you have to be to write shit like this ?
not quite a 000 sub costs 0 '' dollars with 3 002 villages all military monkey knowledge and a xxx2 temple buff
i love how downvotes work on reddit seeing how everything ended up on this thread
i would be gentle and loving to your beautiful perfection always .
yeah definitely sounds like there 's a bug for completing multiple objectives at the same time the two objectives that happened in this game was the survivors died time ran out .
so yeah i 'd say the game does n't quite know how to handle this yet hopefully it gets sorted .
i know i 'm being a bit of a dick buuuut ...
i highly advise against doing that as it could lead to a serious infection .
among those michigan was the most miserable of them .
ok so just lay down and die while the rest of us get off our asses and do something .
it depends on how long you 've been playing .
his version is at least 4 years old some of the mods he used are n't even supported anymore .
i have n't tried the lab escape scenario in the current stable for frank yet but i imagine even that has changed a lot .
here 's a link to his video if you want to check it out .
there are links to the build he used in the description .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cyoj4-niepc t=420s ab\_channel=ssethtzeentach https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cyoj4-niepc t=420s ab_channel=ssethtzeentach
personally i 'm going to stick with the latest stable version for a while .
the older was simpler probably better for someone to learn on that one imo .
honestly curious if he 's been prescribed steroids recently or in the past .
if someone yells you do n't tense up or sweat or anything ?
you feel the same as if everyone were quiet ?
i admit i was expressing my own cultural interpretation and it 's hard for me to understand how people would react differently .
i do n't mean to loud laughing and story telling .
that 's different to arguments and expressions of anger .
it was quite a show but nothing compared to the show put on by your mother .
i wish this sub was n't littered with these kinds of posts .
please stop posting here just because you want the most exposure possible .
this is meant for sapphics looking at sapphics not sellers and karma farming
because a crew is a move '' i try to give a little more leeway when using it than just a group of npcs the character knows .
they might be mostly a mundane criminal group but they 've been lurking on the periphery of the criminal supernatural along with the player .
if you have lots of established fiction for the crew things will present themselves naturally .
maybe the player does n't show up to poker night and has never missed a chance to take bruno 's money so they go looking .
maybe he gave them a magical amulet that tracks his danger level and it 's just gone code purple '' so they are seeking out the hunter 's other hunter friends as the ones equipped to handle a code purple . ''
or maybe there have been very thorough preparations made and code purple '' means activate the arcane device '' which might just summon the player back to the hideout with exciting consequences if he fails his weird roll as always .
if you do n't have that sort of fiction now is the time to establish it !
you want to have your crew take action you 're the kind of criminal that always has a plan b so describe to me your 'plan b ' here what are the emergency preparations you have taken with your crew for situations like this ? ''
but and this is probably even more important going forward try to have mysteries that naturally incorporate elements of the criminal to more naturally tie in the crew .
when a hunter picks the crooked he 's signaling that he wants to see the supernatural mixed and stirred with the criminal underworld .
make sure to provide that overlap from time to time and in so doing you and the player will find more ways the crew naturally fits and establish that fiction which will make it easier to tie them in in the future !
this is ridiculous embarrassing the league with this shit show they call officiating ''
this is some manufactured shit and they 're still losing silver is about play transition defense
never tried but now i have something to add to my just of things to try
we 'll be a real hit with the heavy breathing children ... haha !
maggot you better get the fuck out here before i call the knights on you .
mogh do n't you mean margit the fuck out brother ?
how can a race you did n't start be classed as a front row start you know ?
why zanbato and half the firesweep weapons are still hard to get i do n't understand .
i agree i feel like i need a gun more than ever now
also does n't feel special when it 's in a raid for this long and this frequently .
caught 2/3 and had to use at least 10 gold razz on the two i caught .
the one that got away used all the rest .
your wife isnt doing your daughter any favors here though .
how will she function in the adult world if she ca n't learn to do things for herself ?
temper tantrums do n't work in the real world ... they just get phones pointed at you and videos uploaded with a temper tantrum tag in the video description .
she has to learn how to stop relying on her brothers and family for every little thing and for gods sakes stop buying her a new ipad whenever she breaks it .
this is only teaching her she can be destructive and suffer no loss .
i 'll update you in a few hours when he gets up !
hopefully someone else will have a more helpful answer as well
also you get to be put on an official government list of potheads .
champ pool for mid is irelia katarina twisted akshan ahri and lucian
a lot of the time the plea deal fine is higher than the original charge but has less points on your license .
so they get more money but you get less impact on your insurance .
yah shaka and genghis khan are even deadlier in the open
pick one to drop out of kulusevski foden nketiah alonso and mount .
if it has not appeared immediately it requires moderator approval it 's got to be released from reddit spam prison .
this should n't take very long at all and we hope it will never be longer than 90 minutes but we ca n't be around 24 hours a day .
the community rules https www.reddit.com/r/gayskype/about/rules are often updated and you should check them periodically .
members found to be posting against these rules or the reddit content policy https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy section_prohibited_behavior may face an immediate and permanent ban and/or reporting to reddit admin .
thank you for helping us keeping this sub up and running happy gayskyping !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayskype if you have any questions or concerns .
playing with my wrestling figures i pay for them so i 'm gon na enjoy them .
i 've only been an active sissy for a few weeks and i have n't accomplished as much as you have but i ca n't believe how much better i feel now that i know who and what i am .
i want to share a pretty big update for my custom dragon ogor shaggoth named kuugax !
kuugax is a narrative character i am building and i am really excited for his story .
so here are some thoughts i 've had on this dragon ogor shaggoth project
as i write this homebrew for my dragon ogor shaggoth named kuugax and research the race a bit more in-depth the lore to me is a bit heartbreaking .
to my understanding the original dragon ogors made a bid for immortality with the chaos gods in return for their help in destroying a/the world .
the key word s being a the which to me using that logic means the dragon ogors fulfilled their side of the pact when the-world-that-was was destroyed .
so they go to the next world and the next but never being able to settle or break truly have a chance to give up on the pact as chaos continues to destroy worlds in their wake .
even when finding a home in azyr in the early histories of the mortal realms they are forced out eventually by the arrival of sigmar .
and then again in thondia during the war of thirteen peaks the dragon ogors are nearly eradicated by the drogrukh and the draconith races .
so even after fulfilling their side of the pact thousands of times over they are never freed from their pact and they can never settle because of it .
for even the draconith hated them due to their pact and turning their backs on the natural order br kragnos pg .
so the central idea for kuugax is that he remembers what once was a home that was taken from him and a thousand more but never able to settle because of a pact he never agreed to and was born into .
his eternal quest to find out how to break the pact that he feels he and his kin have upheld many times over .
to do this he uses a beastherd to his own ends by masking his hidden purpose as pursuits for the chaos gods .
he also is seeking out like-minded if any exist dragon ogors to rally with him when the time is right .
not really it 's not uncommon to see people in high champ with thousands of hours played
i do n't know he can suggest that ugly ass car to everyone .
kicks looks ugly af interiors are 10 year dated .
a big fast charging truck will essentially get power at a huge discount while a bolt has to make up for that loss .
the charging provider loses money here too only quick charging evs benefit .
in some states only the power company can bill per kilowatt so to charge per minute is the work around .
yeah almost every blade in my shop is red .
just used their sand net stuff for the first time on this cutting board and now i iove that too !
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/uv9woc/i_26_f_cut_ties_with_my_27f_sister_because_took and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
you just know those ghetto white bitches be fuckin black men i 'm just surprised they are n't extremely fat .
are you ... a bit thick in the head ?
have to ask because it 's seems the only person reading dumb bullshit '' is you ...
yes the is for those convicted of murder but anyone with a functioning brain would realise that 's what op meant since there 's no possible way to get a of overall murders since obviously not every murder case has been solved
you 're assuming people are too stupid to realise that 's what op meant when practically everybody who read that comment including you understood it .
stop taking people for fools it only makes yourself look like one
i have some kinda similar in my house and hate it .
memes are not allowed here use r/turkeyjerky for memes .
all posts must have a source and their titles must be descriptive .
shitposts and meta discussions posts about other subs are not allowed .
if not submitted as a link the link must be added to the comments .
posts with just a title and screenshot will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/turkey if you have any questions or concerns .
i can see the change but would like to know how the original artist did it.. i assume they all in the same one solid colour to make it easier but i may be wrong .
and to be clear it 's not a good show .
i do n't think kim lives ... i have nothing to back this up just a gut feeling
sounds like the feel-good ending i 'm really hoping for however something tells me kim 's ending wo n't feel good .
alex is asleep and the doll is still staring at you
there is no reason to run the light 24hrs .
move the light further away and cut the on time to 16hrs if a photo and 18 if an auto .
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/twitch/comments/uv9woj/twitch_streams_are_constantly_laggy_and_go_out_of has been automatically removed from r/twitch because it 's been detected as breaking the subreddit rules .
if streams are buffering for you while watching please see this guide https www.reddit.com/r/twitch/comments/4dd6vd/why_am_i_buffering as it has every piece of information we can give on the subject .
if your stream is buffering for those who are watching try using this guide and the inspector tool to improve your stream health https help.twitch.tv/s/article/guide-to-broadcast-health-and-using-twitch-inspector ? language=en_us
if this was a mistake please follow the link below to message the moderation team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twitch if you have any questions or concerns .
not illegal though which is what infringing on people 's rights implies .
not abusive the market is responding to bad policies by our potato in chief .
your problem is you bet on a horse with no legs .
usdt had tons and tons of red flags you ignored or did n't research .
you could have used usdc or something backed by actual hard assets instead of faith .
you chose faith and it did n't work out .
beef carpet stems from a post by user hajcnga where jacob is asked by a fan if he would be willing to say the words beef carpet '' which in a video he does .
moon river syndrome is a meme by user johnnydangerdollard .
honestly just a meme i deemed funny and niche enough to put in .
female donkey semen is a comment jc commented under a post by louiscolemusic .
and the djesse sex theory is well a mystery in itself i 'll say
as they 're 7200rpm they 're definitely noisier certainly when writing but all in all it 's not a huge difference and you kind of have to accept it i put my nas in a box and noise insulated as much as i could but it 's a trade-off between ventilation and noise .
how much for bunny slippers ill do it for 50k
it 's her parents ' minds we need to change because she should n't be getting married on a school day
legalizing weed is one of the stronger points for young democratic voters to vote democrat .
keeping weed illegal is a strong point for older republicans to keep voting republican .
if that issue is settled both sides lose a large point of contention that gets their voters fired up .
people like to think that there is unanimous approval for legalization among the voters but there just is n't .
i think there 's something like 60-70 approval which is high but the 30-40 of voters who disapprove are still a very large voting block that the republicans do n't want to lose .
as it stands legalizing does n't gain the republicans anything and it would lose a talking point for the democrats .
i just know that he lost it in an accident when he was still a criminal
i 'd probably argue that neutral cards should be usable by more than 2-3 specific classes otherwise they may as well be class-specific .
a lot of the ppl on 90 day are narcissistic .
from now this post is my definition of not interesting .
oh they seem to be available different times in different countries .
since sordo got 4 points in the power stage and evans got 1 does n't that mean that sordo got the same points as evans even though he finished one place below him ?
sometimes just boxes of big ass nails mean to punch through helmets
all i could think was how pissed george would be
and even anti laming builds intentionally take the boars early .
so i do n't know if there 's a way for the poster to be more wrong if he tries .
i bought some calls friday afternoon so probably red again
try to think in cycles like mother fucking nature .
make a focal point sound that 's always there like nice rhythmic vibe goove synth .
then the planet goes from day to night everyday .
so make 32 bars of night and 32 bars of day .
dublicate it couple times to get a feel of what a week feels like in that fucking planet .
now think if the night is more active or day is more active .
now your job is to understand that this reality is a hologram so smaller bits reflect whole and vice verse .
inside of 32 bars of night for example you have to fill it again with day/night cycles but this time shorter 16bars continue filling like this to 8 bars 4 2 etc ...
dont forget that every day and every night is different .
thats why life is interesting and just fuck around with this holographic pattern .
like long weird stuff that doesnt give a fuck a about cycles .
it stays beyond time and space and just goooodsss around
i get the chilton manual for all of my vehicles .
it walks you through step by step how to do stuff like that .
like we 're all cool sharing but you ca n't just bum off of us .
you do n't reach the final of the cl and win the league with 31 goals conceded with a circus defense '' .
militao rudiger alaba nacho and even vallejo are solid .
casemiro and kroos regression modric and benzema aging and lack of rws are the crucial points for rm .
the only sins of tiny minorities that these fuckers are n't interested in are the sins of the 1 .
... ... ... from the schools perspective a student '' must still qualify this does nothing to change that .
finally a somewhat close game although i think tsm will take it
welcome to this subreddit if you 're just joining .
normally a cycled tank has good bacteria to convert fish waste ammonia and nitrites into nitrates .
this is important because ammonia and nitrites cause chemical burns and can kill fish .
when you have a brand new tank those bacteria are not present and ammonia is rapidly accumulating with nowhere to go .
if possible one cycles their tank 1-2 months before adding any fish this is called fishless cycling. .
when that has n't occurred and you have a new fish in a new tank there 's is n't time to do a fishless cycle so the next best step is called fish in cycling.
buy an api freshwater liquid test kit and check your ammonia and nitrites right away ... . and every single day for at least 3-4 weeks .
perform partial water changes whenever ammonia or nitrites over 0.5 .
periodically check for nitrates because of when they start appearing ... this means cycling has started to take place .
after that the frequency of partial water changes can be reduced to normal maintenance which would normally be 25 once a week .
make sure to buy a siphon and vacuum the gravel as part of your change at least once a month .
when you perform a partial water change you do the following leave fish in the tank .
take out 20-50 of the water in the tank.. depending on how high the ammonia or nitrites are .
replace the removed water with dechlorinated temperature matched water .
to dechlorinate use water conditioner/dechlorinator that makes tap water safe .
always turn heater and filters off or unplug during water changes .
an ideal betta home has the following 5 gallons or more of cycled/dechlorinated water filter heater thermometer soft silk or live plants floating betta log healthy diet 4-5 1mm pellets in morning 4-5 in evening routine partial water changes gravel vacuuming proper filter maintenance and low water flow they are n't good swimmers .
in terms of betta nutrition there 's a lot of misinformation causing many to unintentionally underfeed their fish .
i have birthday depression every year and i 've found that what makes it just a little better is by pampering myself .
instead of sitting alone in your house go out into the forest and chase frogs meet some friends at a cafe go to a flea market and see what you can find play an online game and tell your online friends or just every person you come across online that it is your birthday today so that they can shower you in birthday wishes hehe
personally i do n't know how you could be on b bags team '' and not want to cut yourself at night in the shower .
it 's also no one 's job to try to shut them up .
correct it would behoove you to work on it .
nowhere did i claim what you said i supposedly believe and there was a very specific reason i used quotation marks around the word property .
are you done telling me what i 'm supposed to believe or ... ?
but let 's be real here for a second .
i swear politics trying to ruin the best kind of fun humanity has .
do n't forget you are 315 and many of the people there will be half your size or less .
yes you could probably crush them based on size and strength but that will not make you friends or teach you bjj .
at your size even being on top in side control can mess smaller folks ribs and back up ...
if you are working with someone significantly smaller even if they are much more advanced do n't just crush them .
have fun go in to learn not to win .
i have both used to prefer yuzu but recently tried the later version of ryujinx and ryujinx comes out on top now .
i highly doubt your 15 yo sister knows what it takes to be head chef .
what was the harm in indulging her to train in the kitchen by washing dishes or prepping ?
you could have said head chef is a very important role and something we collectively agree upon based on their leadership and cooking skills .
i think your aspirations are great but let 's start where all great chefs do and maybe you 'll learn something along the way.
i think it 's your decision if you do n't want to include hire her cuz family biz can get messy but i can understand why she would retaliate like she did sounds like she 's looking for a place of belonging and she 's not welcome amongst her older siblings .
if you join the discord you can get notified when uncle becky aunt b or any of the haywirehill streamers go live
it 's entirely plausible bran worged into rheagal so he would get one shotted by gretjoy to dimish daenerys ' power .
it 's literally the only explanation i can think of when the dragons get ambushed by boats in the middle of the sea .
san chez or bistro belevita are go tos for my wife and me getting dinner and drinks .
no more than anyone else who did n't spend like 40 on bitcoin .
if anything the pizza guy is the real hero providing real-world goods and services for gpu credits .
nvidia restricts it because it reduces performance in a lot of games .
the list is very small because they are the only games where it is a benefit .
you say the cope is amusing '' but you are literally the one coping .
you are simping over a billion dollar company while they are actually laughing at you .
did you even care about this esoteric part of the pcie spec before amd marketers gave it a brand name and pretended they created it and tried to restrict it to one specific combination of their own cpu and gpus ?
it 's hilarious that you 've gone on this massive tangent over the minutiae of pcie specifications instead of address the fact that if amd 's drivers were half decent you would have had this performance on launch day .
i do n't think it would have mattered just would have delayed the inevitable
the progressive era is when american capitalism made it out of early-stage .
commercial feed is formulated so that they do n't need grit to process it but they would for the clover and other stuff you 're feeding them .
it is ground into crumbles so they can eat it .
i would crush some of the pullet feed and sprinkle it in the scrambled eggs .
they should not have excess calcium before they 're laying eggs .
i 'm afraid i 'm going to sound rude but you are n't overthinking this you underplanned this .
please do your research before you have baby animals in your care next time .
and it 's still accurate to less than 50m at 20km range .
you simply ca n't beat that price for saturation fire .
yeah i can understand that we are probably the only ex muslims that even majority are interested in our culture and heritage .
compared to desi ex muslims and arabs which mostly dislikes their culture from what ive seen in europe
it was actually scotrail that called a halt to the training program .
the union were heavily consulted but the decision lay 100 with the company/government
say what you want but every game people that complain about vfr are people who just suck at fake claiming lying in general you know ... the main point of the game .
they just sit there and expect to win without saying a word or something .
might very well be but mac is n't really known to be a powerhouse in gaming either .
yes there are solutions like wine but in its native state it 's pretty barren when it comes to games .
i 'm not the biggest windows fan myself but it 's hard to get around it if you want a large catalog of titles .
i love the show did n't know they made everyone straight that sucks
the fact that there 's literally a stuck in twitter jail tag but you used the sky daddy one .
you forget we are ex dock and have lists of all the r64 etc
i too am guilty of this with my pandas 🫣
my favorite thing about asses is that they sure can poop out a lot of shit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asscredit if you have any questions or concerns .
so you 're telling me that doing something at a local level like providing funding for youth sports would n't help make a positive impact for the next generation ?
it 's been a while but i recall it being of your primary species .
i usually purge the xenos when i 'm running slavery builds .
can you tell me something you are angel from heaven
your submission has been removed because it appears you already know what this is .
if you want to find where to buy one or brand/model information try r/helpmefind .
if applicable try searching your thing owner 's manual '' in your favorite search engine .
otherwise please try a subreddit specific to your item such as r/furniture r/findfashion r/techsupport etc .
please review the rules of the sub before posting there .
if you believe this was done in error message the mods by clicking this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwhatisthisthing subject=removal of runlola 's post message=https www.reddit.com/r/whatisthisthing/comments/uvfcci/what_are_these_white_things_in_a_brand_new who will review your submission .
if that link fails in your client use the link below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatisthisthing if you have any questions or concerns .
well i rarely use the desktop so it 's kinda a major inconvenience to those of us who only use the mobile app .
i think you are mistaken in who would benefit from a ceasefire .
clearly it would be russia as their army appears to be as weak as your logic .
way better than my shit i have to keep resetting
stop trying to lose weight and go to the doctor .
there are a lot of things that could be going on here but in my case it was too aggressive of a deficit .
it took five years for my hair to recover my lashes and nails never did .
losing your hair is a huge red flag that something is wrong .
it is a possibility that there 's a medical condition that does n't have anything to do with your calorie deficit but to give your body a break and eat at maintenance for a little bit while your doctor is figuring it out
phione 's movepool hurts a bit but the free 1 both defenses and leftovers helps out a lot .
add in a few good moves and whirlpool and it really helped my mid game as well as being a late game option .
whirlpool stalling crazy defense stacking is pretty solid if there 's not a grass/electric special attacker
that would accidentally get knocked over and broken beyond repair if it came into my house .
i 'm all about casual this outfit is it 💯 perfect for anything really..even something i 'd wear on a date !
wait what its his story but it has multiple ppl ?
lol i like poop cuz poop comes out of asses and god damn do i love asses hahaha lolol it 's funni cuz poop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asscredit if you have any questions or concerns .
anyone who has read into this at all should be aware that the goal of these boarding schools was to kill the indian save the man.
i 'm not sure how much more clear cut the goals of the genocide of america 's indigenous cultures could be than these boarding schools .
yep if they do n't have a helicopter this is easy to get away from
is it really smart if right after he told the worst possible god his plan lmao
exchange buu is for good buu allying with hercule not for him and evil buu
but i forget men are mindless drones with no faculty of their own and are at the complete mercy of their female overlords .
i have to live by it and see that fucking enormous atrocity steeple from my home office window .
when i say beyond infuriating ... i 'd rather have a high rise to look at .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
great deal for leeds saw him live when we played against them this season really talented player .
it 's a lot to ask people to get involved with a show they know nothing about by
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/daughtertraining if you have any questions or concerns .
it would be one thing if city was a small club and climbed the latter organically to become a big club .
but this is just inject oil money to buy a trophy .
it shows that fair play is not totally dead yet .
yes i was trying to think what it reminded me of thank you !
i guess it was everson 's accidental renissance moment .
someone shared this reddit in another sub and i found it so neat .
we kindly remind you that you 've exceeded the posting limit of 2 posts every 12 hours**.\nnow you have to wait until you will be able to post again .
deleted posts still count as they are already recorded on our subreddit.\nif you believe this was done in error message the moderators of collegesluts https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcollegesluts subject=post rate limit exemption message=hi please approve my re-submission of this removed post http redd.it/uv6z7c .
every frickin day bro i know i 'm still a teen but dude i 'm only 1.50 and i hate it not only because i get bully for it by my peers on my basket ball team but also because everyone tells me i will never be with a girl because of that it 's kinda sad but i 'm starting to accept it
hey u/eriklamar93 your post has been automatically removed as a spam prevention measure because your account is not 24 hours old yet .
once your account meets this requirement your posts will stop being automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
if lack of compulsory voting means nobody would vote then does n't that mean that people are only voting because they 'd be fined and that the politicians are otherwise not worth voting for ?
if that 's the case then it sounds like the problems run a lot deeper than mere voter apathy .
forcing people to choose between different flavours of shit sandwich or making them waste their time by travelling to a voting booth just to spoil their ballot is not going to fix issues like that .
the problems with democracy in the us are the very opposite many people who do want to vote are prevented from doing so or more insidiously their vote is rendered meaningless through gerrymandering .
compulsory voting would n't fix that it would just be another stick with which to beat voters of colour .
i have genuinely fucking forgot were i got this info i tried looking for it went i wrote my original comment but still ca n't seem to find it sorry
then your comment is disingenuous as you 're equating furries to always being attracted to animals .
is it fine if they 're not attracted to animals then ?
they should be able to come back as blood and someone pulling their triggerr is all that is needed for them to revive .
however they were all dead/defeated the end when kishibe came to pick up makima and denji so they could have collected their bodies and confine them .
it would be the smart thing to do but maybe not the best storytelling-wise so my bet is that atleast some of them will come back .
glad to hear past me was able to help you hahahah
possible something got updated that changed the default behavior you wanted .
swipe down from the top on your echo show and look at
i have this disabled and manually set the brightness level .
in a dark room this can actually be quite dim and very hard to read however for sleeping that might be a good thing .
you 'll have to experiment with it for your needs .
will automatically dim screen after 10 minutes of inactivity .
it says 10 minutes but i 've noticed it 's more like 1 minute .
with auto dim enabled ... a closed camera shutter and using the physical mute button on top of the show it should n't wake up again until you unmute it .
while muted it will still run scheduled routines and alarms mute only disables the microphone so it wo n't wake up the screen upon hearing a noise .
after using the echo show for a while you 'll notice it automatically wakes up whenever you enter a room either through motion or sound detection .
disabling both will ensure the screen does n't wake up while you 're sleeping .
you 'd like to think there would be a human sleeping mode '' on these things but there is n't .
it 's quite simple to set it up in a way that bothers you the least while sleeping though .
weapons have selling price multiplier 0.2 so are not worth making if you do n't plan to use these .
the skill requirement is also none weight is 0.1kg and sale price has no modifiers .
yes i have that kind of relationship with all of my closest friends !
i love talking about how much i love their lips and thighs i want our ashes mingled together when we die so we can be together in the afterlife just a big pile of all our ashes together like a bestie afterlife party and when any of them die i 'll cry so hard i wake the gods in the underworld and then kill and drag the person who killed them around a city for days then sleep curled up to my friends corpse for days refusing to let anyone tend to them 😂 besties !
i really want something with him he 's really understanding but i do n't wan na throw him into something like that .
i would feel like a burden if i do .
'gatekeeping ' is a type of behaviour by which veteran members of a well established group keep/dissuade new members from joining usually under the premise that true understanding of the group can only have been gained by living through it 's evolution .
correlates your fond memories of the game 's original culture with a gatekeeping attitude .
if you are against something and want to tear it down do it .
but like ... posting something so random with no evidence and like saying he does n't care at the end ?
had hondas in the family exclusively for decades and we tend to keep them for 10 years .
looking back had i bought warranty — that would have been a waste of money on every single one .
generally extended warranty like any other form of insurance only makes sense on something you ca n't replace .
just put aside that money into some investment account .
she also had a life on earth to go back to .
parents that cared about her friends that loved her and a promising future ahead of her .
in the end everyone had to go back to their worlds because we saw both the plantars and anne at different points in the show missing their true home .
they just got their only child back no way they would let her go especially since she is only 13 .
i would love to see the amphibia characters be able to see the calamity trio again .
uh sounds like you got a great deal actually .
msrp without any options on the toyota site is 27.4k .
so for you to get this for only 900 beyond that ?
bro 900 would n't even cover taxes let alone a dealer fee in my home state .
there are so many suburbs of the houston area .
we have the largest medical center in the world and to travel from any suburb there is extremely feasible .
i 've tried soooooo many harnesses and this is the best for ease of movement comfort safety and it also does n't put pressure round the neck like many other harness do !
oh and they also do a vegan cork range if u do n't do leather
this is the d2 in his mind or what he wanted it to be and thats the problem .
tu as l'air de croire que les être humains sont les mêmes partout ?
moi je parle de différence d'education et de culture .
tokyo est une ville beaucoup plus peuplée que paris en plus
i make sure im washed before any kind of contact .
6,405 475 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/ut8ts9/asap_rocky_and_rihanna_welcome_baby_boy fresh child asap rocky and rihanna welcome baby boy https www.xxlmag.com/asap-rocky-rihanna-baby-boy
1,796 112 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/uqbohq/fresh_eric_wareheim_ft_tpain_spray_that_booty 91 fresh 93 eric wareheim ft. t-pain spray that booty 40 prod .
475 137 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/urxxzk/fresh_babytron_emperor_of_the_universe_shot_on 91 fresh 93 babytron emperor of the universe 40 shot on iphone by cole bennett 41 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=akdj9ameh28
167 14 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/urqb95/fresh_ravyn_lenae_xtasy_prod_by_kaytranada 91 fresh 93 ravyn lenae xtasy 40 prod .
89 26 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/uslje8/fresh_kaycyy_get_used_to_it_trailer 91 fresh 93 kaycyy get used to it 40 trailer 41 https youtu.be/4szow2qhf6c
64 5 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/uqf9dm/fresh_your_old_droog_go_to_sleep 91 fresh 93 your old droog go to sleep https youtu.be/jszi6yy7lpu
61 7 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/uqx77v/fresh_kevin_gates_bad_for_me_official_audio 91 fresh 93 kevin gates bad for me 40 official audio 41 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gguyhywxidc
44 7 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/utkykw/fresh_leon_thomas_ft_benny_the_butcher_xrated 91 fresh 93 leon thomas ft. benny the butcher x-rated https open.spotify.com/album/0ywprya1uzklls3j2nlcpf ? si=_ydezev-qxqznml0mynzlq utm_source=copy-link
easiest way to win boxing by making your opponent disqualify himself
leclerc saying his car is undriveable literally as he sets the fastest lap in miami lol
idk if megarandom is truly random or more like nomad .
going into nomad/african clearing thinking there is no meta and i can just play to my strengths ... .was a harsh wakeup call .
should talk to your boyfriend about this if you 'd like to do it again or regularly be used like that .
i am used as a fuck toy by whoever my man wants to have play with me .
also i love just helping guys get off lol .
i got permanently banned from there as well as defence of billionaires is not tolerated on this subreddit .
i basically said bill gates was a good guy as he frequently donated to charity .
to be fair i have since changed my opinion however i still think that it 's ridiculous .
when i protested they also muted me for 30 days .
second fastest land animal there are plenty of flying creatures that go faster than pronghorns and cheetahs .
makes it hard for a newer guy like me but honestly if i were a women i would join other women or guys with a lot of good reviews ideally not only from one gender .
many reviews gives you the security that they will not steal from your or whatever too .
as a guy i 'm a bit bummed by it but i 'll keep hustling by going to public meetings and people that initially may seem less of a fit but are male because as of now it 's only guys even answering .
but would i as a woman invite a guy with no reviews into my home ?
make sure there are also confirmed ones i would say .
checking their social media sounds like a great idea damn it why do n't i have social media !
i feel like i 'm self-sabotaging myself right now d d too .
and trust your gut when someone feels a bit iffy .
this sounds like it 's a dangerous app and you could make grave mistakes but it 's just some precautions .
if you 've ever hitchhiked you know that most people are decent and if you have experience with hitchhiking you know what to look out for .
sorry your post has been automatically removed because you are not a recognized member of this community .
posters need a history of positive contributions before they can post to gaynsfw .
for example well-received comments participating in conversations and voting history will demonstrate that your account is not a spam account .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaynsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i honestly wonder if his son is truly allergic .
i 'm allergic to cats and after at most half an hour you 'd notice .
edit please keep your cat safe if he 's willing to lie to get rid of an old cat who according to him has only a few months left to live he might be willing to cross other boundaries to get his way .
i think our draft was good and that psg didnt win because of luck by any means well played .
but i have to say that it just feels like ornn ca n't be beaten ...
yeah guys who wo n't accept no are a real privilege to meet 😳🙄🤦‍♀️
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
so they 're just like well you 're 18 now see ya byeeee ! that 's awful !
hell even some prisons have some types of programs that prepare them !
well some did some just got dealt a shit hand but that 's a topic for another day lol .
but yeah i agree they definitely need to get something up and running for kids leaving and going out into the world !
😤 god i feel like the people that are in charge of these types of things should have had to have some type of experience with it personally because they do n't think of things like that .
and why can they not ask some kids that have been through it ?
just ask what could we do that we are n't doing that would be more helpful ?
well i 'm in texas and good for those states that help others who are doing this it 's well deserved .
maybe saying this is more of a hobby was wrong to say and i apologize but to me a lot of posts here are misinformation and do n't really help .
when you wonder how youngsters do something these days that is always the answer .
internet is an awesome thing but that shit runs our entire lives..
i wish the internet nowadays was like it was in the early 2000 's
no it depends if parents want it for you and you can do urself when ur 18 i guess ...
its just a safe way for your dick according to me lol cuz there is disadvantage for uncircumcised dick
or seabound and crystallised cause some people see the island as not boing a season but by that logic season 10 march of the oni should n't be a season it 's 4 extended episodes
archaeological survey of india to conduct excavation at qutub minar
i mean if you have a dog that has been bred for hunting you ca n't blame the pooch !
you go through the creeper before it explodes all fun and games until you clip a wall fall down on a small path above lava creeper finnishes you off blows up the path and your whole inventory burns in the flames
have to agree with you then that 's stupid and will not work .
obviously an overreaction from people who do n't understand internet a vpn would bypass that immediately
her later tng episodes were quite good as well .
i was at barbershop and the barber said come on prettyface you 're next .
i do n't even wan na push this season just wan na ride inflation to glad and uninstall lol
i sincerely doubt it as she was herself a labor volunteer ... ... ..
i did thank you but are all metal bottle caps currency then ?
for some reason i thought it was specifically those with nuka and sunset branding .
for some reason i thought they were painting other bottle caps to make them viable currency .
do n't think i even knew beer bottles gave a cap in f4 .
makes sense though now that i know it 's any bottle cap .
the ultimate prey of the predator is really themselves .
they intentionally degrade their moral compass and fall into vice as a practical measure to remain afloat even as a corpse .
because they themselves are so deathly afraid they try in turn to make fear their tool they want to appropriate it into their arsenal as a desperate last-ditch effort to remain the hero of their own little story .
and if none of this makes any sense that is precisely because neither does the logic of the defiler of the harbour master the corpse-collector .
they are a grim creature intent on reaching the end of the dark and turbid story .
most of all they just want tf out of here .
sorry just watched a really effective horror movie last night
learn the difference here https www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/when-to-use-then-and-than text=than 20is 20used 20in 20comparisons the 20then 2dgovernor 22 .
to make me ignore further mistakes from you in the future reply ! optout to this comment .
i too like to explode the top half off sprite bottles when i smack them into the table .
i love how with this group you can tell the members genuinely care and look after each other .
a reminder if you are seeking resources in your local area please provide that in the post so that users can share appropriate links and phone numbers .
if you are in distress please call 9-1-1 or your local emergency number .
if you are having suicidal thoughts please click here for a list of crisis support services .
http www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html if you are seeking therapy online please click here for a list of counselling services .
https thelifelinecanada.ca/pattern-interrupt/ecounselling if you feel well enough to do so please do your part to enrich this community .
now that you have posted please leave a constructive helpful comment on someone else 's post .
filter by new to find posts with zero comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mentalhealth if you have any questions or concerns .
what is a good way to clean records that is inexpensive ?
i have inherited a lot of very old records so they need a clean but i really do not have the money or space to invest in an expensive cleaning thing that i have seen some people talk about .
what 's a good method to clean a lot of old and personally valuable records that wo n't cost more than my record player ?
your submission has been removed and you will have to continue to r/rainbow6 to discuss further about the game .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rainbowsixsiege if you have any questions or concerns .
love and hate are two sides of the same coin .
love and hate are parallels not opposites surprisingly they activate the same part of the brain .
the idea behind a low-yield nuclear weapon is simple you just compress highly enriched radioactive material to the point of spontaneous fusion .
the problem is how do you actually compress it that much ?
the idea behind a high yield nuclear weapon is much more complicated .
not only do you have to compress the fissionable material to the point of spontaneous fission you have to somehow capture that nuclear explosion and focus it into contained fusionable material fast enough to create a short fusion reaction before it gets annihilated by the energy of the fission explosion .
and then you have to figure out how to fit it all into the warhead of a missile without making the missile too heavy to fly .
is she the patron giving out the award or something ? ?
my school gave us study leave from the day of our first exam .
compared to cities like dehradun haldwani etc. pahar ke gaon or towns me rehne wale pahari saaf sutra rakhte he apni jagah ko migrants/tourists bhi lete he granted or kachra karte he
if you already noticed it trying to interpret it into something accidental is just denial and you only did that because you 're american .
there rest of us non-americans noticed it and immediately knew what it was casual racism .
mccain slipped up there while trying to act like the good guy .
look at it this way if that was mohamed makkain of some arab nation responding to 'but he 's a jew ' comment on his political opponent with 'no no he 's not a jew he 's an honest upstanding man ' you probably wo n't reserve that same interpretation .
would the lds snp and greens be able to take the same whip
my non-learned thought is that they 'd need to stand as the same party for that to work as that 's what the labour and co-operative party do .
iirc the sdp-liberal alliance worked the same way too .
that 's mad i 've played a bit more with it and it swings wildly .
i can only assume they 've got an issue somewhere as it does n't make a lot of sense .
yes kids are expensive but it 's a very expensive nursery that £20k a year more than school not free with clubs either .
if the figure are right then brilliant when my 1yo turns 2 we 'll be £25k better off that 's awesome news !
i also take some issue with how it reports the income required in that it includes uc which is quite hard to get if your household income is the required £55k no savings exact split on salary and very little tax and ni again an exact perfectly optimised split in wage .
a very small percentage is for sure pro islamist but not even close to being a majority .
of course i condemn hamas and jihad and hizbola .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i 've been dealing with this hardcore since i started a new job last week !
was so nervous in the mornings i could n't eat breakfast but then i 'd get light headed and get even more anxious that i was going to pass out since i 'm on my feet all day which then made my appetite even less etc etc plus my anxiety gets way worse when my blood sugar is low so it 's just a vicious circle .
it sucks when eating is literally the solution to it but my body basically rejects food in those moments .
that silent treatment alone is a form of abuse .
i wanted to rip the tv off of the wall when he got old her that this was america .
that was after she told him they do these things in trinidad .
hopefully we can get bremer dybala and a good midfielder .
your post fell into a category that has been declared low-quality on this subreddit .
this is due to the minimal effort required or common occurrence of this type of post when considering the amount of subscribers to the subreddit .
screenshots of a battle battle log or profile to point out levels trophies win/loss streak decks or clan/player names .
any questions message the mods https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fclashroyale subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/clashroyale/comments/uvwitx .
subreddit rules r/clashroyale/about/rules reddiquette wiki/reddiquette reddit 's rules https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy new to reddit ?
it 's like you are extremely sick fed up exhausted that you could die right in that moment but you do n't and you still have to get up and do your work .
actually just learned after re installing steam i ca n't access my games through shortcuts so that 's fun
i 'm glad you enjoyed it does n't really make it great though .
all it really has going for it is the dialogue and the graphical fidelity .
everything else is just a mix of just okay and outright bad all of which is weaker than what bgs has put out .
to replace intelligence with hysteria to replace knowledge with ignorance to change freedom for freedom '' .
so he 's basically invited you to his garden to stand around and watch coal burn .
good luck please share letter when you get your response .
you got ta lean forward and grip the handles like your life depends on it
egy időben én is gondolkoztam rajta de inkább más irányt választottam .
post paylaşabilmek ve yorum atabilmek için en az 30 karman olması gerekmektedir
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ateistturk if you have any questions or concerns .
you should forget about taking anything you see on redcafe seriously .
i tried calling last week but could n't get through to them .
i feel awkward being like hey i went somewhere else but i should n't because i only went somewhere else because they book so far out and because this appointment was supposed to be in april and thus leave two months in between .
ip scanners only work if the switch has an ip address on the same subnet and/or the same vlan .
the switch was set up on an out-of-band ip address subnet or a management vlan then you 're going to be sol w/o a physical serial connection to the switch .
you just lose your coins but i dont think the coins disappear .
my bday gift this year may 19th is homelessness within a month 's time .
she told me this on may 19th after 4 four years of taking care of this woman after her major surgeries .
she now feels better and wants to live alone again .
edit she did come down the hall at about 4 am the next day to wake me up and say i know it 's not the best time ... but happy birthday . ''
so it 's clearly just a completely empty platitude for her still made me laugh that she even thought it would be a good idea .
as far as i know lck is still undefeated in msi .
give us back our competition standards ping and see how they play .
i think they need some time to actually become the useful .
kids wo n't get very far into reading a book they ca n't understand whereas a movie is designed to appeal to a range of audiences who can follow a basic plot without much effort .
so a kid will get the same delivery of blood/gore/sex on screen as everyone else .
in a book a young reader will have to be able to comprehend the text and follow the story development to reach any mature content and if they can do that then bring on the books .
kids and adults wo n't read something they 're not interested in or find difficult .
my opinion on kids reading has always been if they can read it they can read it .
33f and my dads been in the icu for a month .
it was an unexpected illness and i 'm not ready for either of my parents to pass away .
i just flew from my state to his so i can see him tomorrow .
he probably wo n't even know i 'm there .
having no control of a situation is the worst .
download the version 3.1 ipa and use filza to install it .
for some reason 3.2 is broken and wo n't run properly on jail broken xr 's .
you 're one of those people who cause accidents that 's why you defend others who do .
it 's was an inappropriately abrupt sudden slow down called a ‘brake check ' not because of intention to cause an accident but more because of its sudden and inappropriately dangerous nature of the move in front of a fully loaded tandem truck after pacing and crowding another fully loaded tandem to the car 's right and the driver of the truck was very considerate not to simply crush that car and it 's occupants .
this being on reddit with you people defending his actions will probably result in other truckers seeing this and not being as considerate because of how pigheaded selfish and unwilling to learn some car drivers are .
the same type of people sit on train tracks and have the pitiful nerve to think they 're right and the train should've stopped .
trains can not stop fast enough to match cars nor can fully loaded and especially tandem fully loaded gravel trucks that 's reality .
no matter how many pigheaded wrong people think it should or how many are crushed by said trains and/or tandems .
where were you when the most famous lol player in history was styled on by a kid from fortnite
zeus was hard gapping him but impact won the game so he gets to drop that legendary line .
but where do they keep their mansions i doubt you can build one underwater
just a reddit moment lol do n't take downvotes too seriously here haha
according to another post i read the beeping that does occur is an error code that can be looked up .
it 's a bold strategy cotton let 's see if it pays off for him
until they start buying players for the team and not because of what their surname is they do n't have a better future .
maybe that 'll be this summer but we 'll have to wait and see
op you are not a human atm you should not be footing all the bills just because you are the man .
your so needs to contribute to household bills other than the mortgage unless her name is in it too .
if she refuses then she can find a new place to live with her children .
it would be a shame not to insert some sort of 'mark ' onto her dress in the photo .
i 'd also only had the one photo with her in it that turned out and make sure it is n't a good photo of her .
definitely the latter though i think it is likely the noah flood is just a copy of the earlier myths .
there is no civil discussion when people refuse to see basic facts of reality infront of them .
your post was removed because it is considered low-effort .
self posts with only a question in the title and nothing or very little in the body will be removed .
please resubmit and add in some discussion starters in the body .
if you ca n't then most likely your post should go in the daily discussion thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boxing if you have any questions or concerns .
it was a lengthy process but it definitely made me feel accomplished when i finished it
i asked about this at the hub in venice .
to be fair it was macusa the us equivalent of the ministry of magic that removed happy memories in the first fantastic beasts movie .
so just because macusa is willing does n't mean the mom would be .
that 's like saying being the american government does x then britains government should be willing as well .
when i was 15 i did n't use shaving cream but after a couple of years i found that it makes a really big difference and shaving was a lot smoother .
if the american people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency first by inflation then by deflation the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered . ''
it 's nice to admire aidy 's range as she complements the same character that bowen does in every fucking sketch he 's in
guess i 'll then maybe start digging through some trash instead ... ..
you know when it gets cold nipples get hard right and you should n't look or ur weird 😭 why did you admit to looking
but once again you show a complete and utter lack of any knowledge around this issue
i 'm so hyped but at the same time so scared lol
nad but i have a chronic illness and need blood drawn and have had many ivs .
it 's very common for your arm to be sore .
mine is sore for a week after getting blood drawn and 2 weeks or more after getting an iv .
i 've also had an iron infusion and was sore for a few weeks .
it 's just the way my body responds and many doctors have reassured me of that .
i also had an iv that infiltrated and it was extremely painful but i was totally fine .
you 're not going to need an amputation from iv soreness .
all the pictures posted in this community are from public profiles on social media .
kindly note that we are not perverts here and we respect every girl who is posted here .
bad words in post title or in comments will result to instant ban .
join r/chaddibaniyan to admire indian ladies in bikini lingerie .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nribeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
dummy dum dum ukraine is heavily backed by nato and allied counties with technology and weapons .
from this video alone we have no idea what really happened .
maybe the other guy slapped him before the video started .
not sure if this https bestproductavailable.com/catballs is what you are looking for !
hi milanlovesu your submission was removed from r/onepiece for the following rule violation
this also applies to one line jokes shit-posts image macros or any similar low effort '' content .
high quality hand drawn original content art which looks like a meme may sometimes be allowed .
if there is any question about whether your posts is high enough quality or is an exception first check these examples and then message the moderators .
the full rule documentation of the subreddit can be read here https www.reddit.com/r/onepiece/wiki/rules .
if you have questions about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonepiece .
did you win this in one of those competitions ?
the thing is.. the only source of information for these guys is stupid tik toks youtube videos and what they hear from other members of the group .
if only they went out in the real world and met real people and touched some grass the world would be just a slightly better place .
i like them because it makes the winning side feel like they need to play smart no matter how much they are outplaying their opponent and it makes the losing side feel like they still have a chance even if they 're getting wrecked .
it keeps the tensions high no matter what the state of the game looks like .
the environment kills are available to both players so unless you 're fighting a warlord it 's totally fair .
go too cheap and get stranded miles from anywhere .
i 'm actually really glad when i hear these people kill only themselves with their stupidity .
we had to collect 2 bodies of young girls because someone overtook a car wherehe shouldnt have
that sounds like the kind of party i 'd just ... change systems for .
good luck when you 're facing off against fucking xenomorphs ! ''
epic has a policy on that all titles coming to the epic games store that have online multiplayer must support cross-platform multiplayer with all other pc storefronts . ''
i have used fresh balls by fresh body to alleviate the issue as well as anti monkey butt powder but my favorite combination is nutt butter by tame the beast followed by gold bond 's body powder spray .
loose-fitting cotton underwear is also key to a fresh rear .
stretchy boxer-briefs do not help with that issue whatsoever .
i ride motorcycles in texas in full gear and my winning combination plus a cheap bidet that i installed for about 30 and few to no tools keeps my butt happy and fresh .
it 's only for category 1 insured people the same as kokumin nenkin kikin and also it comes out of a category 1 person 's ¥68,000 per month allowance for ideco as does kokumin nenkin kikin .
so essentially fuka nenkin and kokumin nenkin kikin should be put into the same sub category as ideco/company dc
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=infamousnobility .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
so the same way you sell out most physical items then .
actually beowulf was a swedish warrior of the wægmunding clan he was n't a filthy dane 😤
if production can be ramped up creating a surplus sure but i doubt it would be free .
science educators in my country have been successful enough so the work expectations have gone out the window .
i 'm not exactly sure but it 's 30 seconds to 1 min ish .
this is like if u stay in the greed fight there are a lot along the way
children that have been taught their ideology in schools and had no chance to test against the real world too
i 'm only slightly educated on some of these finer details but the stock cable that came to connect the speakers to anything was a 3.5 to 3.5 aux cord and i do n't think those are trs ?
i could be wrong and a cable can be trs regardless of size .
i will try using a 3.5 to the larger cable adapter and plugging that into the scarlett .
thank god we 've secured the services of desert denilson .
remember when he tore it up in the turkish leauge ?
let small apes go first the ones who have x-xxx shares .
i red about him when i was a lot younger and i believe that someone even made a game based off of him but it 's been a really long time since i even heard about his story .
took an entire two semester seminar in it in high school as an elective .
and here i thought i was a big spender as a wing commander lol .
do 18 20k health rexes with 415 melee and 45 armour saddles .
have a yuty with 3k stam and 15k health and a daeodon with 75k hunger and 10k health .
they are cheaper are easier to park use less fuel and you pay less in taxes on them .
i find it weird that so many people hate burnley because they 're anti football '' .
anyways hopefully son can blaze the trail for future asian player to play+succeed in england and europe and eventually wipe out the many anti asian stereotypes .
it 's son heung-min do n't let the club and the media brainwash you into thinking otherwise
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
yea this defo seems to be a problem in me lol .
you are being downvoted but the amount of trash that leave their cups on shelves in these places is disgusting .
i 'm not convinced at all that there are n't way more who have n't been caught .
there 's just too many of them for it to be a coincidence that a bunch of people associated with the same group all seem to like csam or other sa related things but it 's not all connected ... ... no .
and these same type of people want to scream about democrats being groomers '' because we are n't bigots to lgbtq people .
not the usual content for this sub but it 's definitely fitting .
and that 's coming from the lady who ca n't parallel park to save her life .
yep i 've just been told that you are in fact the only person in the whole world !
the solo putty is the z putty and the solo cog is a different shade of silver/gray .
so i wonder how they 'll make a 2pack of tengas stand out .
unless it 's cheaper than buying two solo tengas it 'll just shelf warm .
too cold and wet they will be fine in a week or 2 just leave them alone and do n't worry
i like bastard 's stars and wing of astel a lot and it 's worth giving a try if you have n't .
the uber eats heavyweight champion of the world kyyyylian the moooney man '' mbaapppeeeee ! !
yeah having it sideways the other way just does n't feel right .
the only time i 'd actually do it is if i 'm using a charger that 's kind of short .
he 'd actually be called a white supremacist no doubt .
molly 's shot is one of my all time favorite from the series
if you look at his years from the marlins the team was bottom ranked in flyball percentage .
congratulations to oil fc on almost bottling a 14 point lead i guess ?
i have no idea how they decide to pace out their packs or how they choose what to do when ... farming seemed to be in response to player demand just takes awhile to develop packs but after that who knows ?
i do remember them mentioning zombies and werewolves during the cottage living livestream at least i 'm pretty sure in the context that they 'd decided to do occults only in game packs moving forward .
elegant simple i am sure russians would love it .
oh i 'm fully aware but we 've never had a movement of women arming themselves so i 'm curious what would result .
i do n't think it 's ever going to happen but interesting to think about .
because the liberals and the ndp are split again we will end up with 4 more years of the worst government ever .
i 'm sorry i appreciate your feedback but this is not a giant sweater imo .
i am legit concerned have watched her over the years and i was taken aback when i saw her this time .
people can be noticeably under weight for many reasons illness eating disorder depression food intolerance cancer treatment exercise addiction .
i clearly have no clue about her personal life .
i am expressing concern and wish her the best with whatever the cause .
u/miamiachanel please verify use this link https www.reddit.com/r/petite/wiki/edit/getverified failure to verify when asked by one of the mod team will result in you being muted until verified .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
also they are re-making kotor for next gen consoles .
i think my problem may be that i 'm delving into these issues too much and too soon .
it 's near impossible to sift through all the garbage information thrown at us daily and filter the high quality .
we 'd love to see you verified with us which would allow you
to apply a verified '' original content '' flair to stand out through our feed !
check out these hot subreddits while you 're at it !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nutbank if you have any questions or concerns .
this is funny because most of the art i make for my poetry have mac os 9 aesthetics 😭
only if he can casually defend himself and casually shoot you
as far as we know we 're intergalactic quakers who decided a tens of thousands of years ago to leave planet zeborb and come to earth to live a simpler life away from the conveniences of modern zeborb life .
if you watch the news or respect science at all which i presume you do or you would n't be on the internet then you would know we 're facing a massive catastrophe with climate change .
people can downplay it all they want but reality is weather patterns are going to get more extreme resulting in reduced food supplies reduced or destroyed supply routes weakened immune systems leading to more frequent pandemics unsustainable infrastructures mass migrations violence and chaos .
we 're at a great filter point as a species .
there are those doing everything they can to get us to go green to reduce our impact on the environment but the damage we 've done is n't being reversed .
and while the minority seeks solutions to fix the situation there is another group of people doing everything they can to maintain their power and control on the world .
men and women who have made millions upon millions on every system that got us to this point .
oil slave labor inequality racism science-denial you name it .
i 'm not trying to be all doom and gloom but i am trying to get you to see the bigger picture of what 's going on with the world because you should n't willfully pick a side unless you know who you 're giving your support and labors to and what they represent .
not because of not hiring her or letting her help but because your reason is because she is n't family and you implied that to her .
she is your family but that does n't mean that your stepmom is .
it could be used as one of many causes of termination and it could mean something else .
might not even be people as such just more intimate subjects .
do you also have vulnerable/intimate serious discussions with close friends or family or are such subjects primarily handled via joking/teasing ?
i 'm only 2 hours into my 4th fast and i 'm really tempted to snack on something but i 'm just going to keep myself far away from the kitchen and watch a tv show to distract myself .
it 's definitely sexual harassment but i do n't even feel like i 'm being sexually harassed .
she sees you as less than an adult less than a man .
yes it should be fine but try laying it at an angle so the ice is partially on its side then you get more ice/water coverage cooling it better .
i would talk to an expert injector and ask for their recommendation .
my first thought is the top lip looks too full but maybe you are looking to balance wide-set eyes or very round cheek bones .
i assume that people think they 're cool when they say it like that .
that 's what the chief who yelled at me told me .
well gee i 'm sorry that i did n't do research on account of my account running in the negative for covering my bills and the shitty stepdad screwing us over on the big bills .
i was so behind on shit i graduated boot camp with 1000 in my bank account and if i had n't gotten yokosuka orders i probably would 've been worse off on than if i 'd stayed a civilian .
i 've been married 20 years i like getting on here and hearing about everybody 's kinks and there sexual adventures maybe one day i 'll get out there and try something new
i have so many rats and rat clones i ca n't keep count .
there is just something a little more loose and fuzzy that i really like about that cheap mosky haha .
the standard rat is still awesome though and probably works better in terms of versatility and durability .
u/miamiachanel your submission has been successfully posted in r/petite !
please ensure that you have followed the rules and thank you for posting .
moderators have the final say in whether or not an image or comment is acceptable for this subreddit .
if you do n't agree with any of those rules please do n't post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
first they would have to get into the vice with the eight digit pass code then they would have to guess at 24 word pneumonic phrase which is pretty damn hard .
summersville lake is also one of the few places in the state with a rare freshwater jellyfish .
i assume you said middle to mean between male and female but that 's binary .
non-binary folx would n't see themselves that way so this kind of study does n't apply to them .
from my experience it is no big deal if you miss the submission once or twice .
it will be more of an issue if you make a habit of not submitting on time .
i knew people in the same situation with about an acre .
clipped wings still seemed just enough to clear the fence .
needless to say chicken was on the menu for the dogs .
on the other hand if it was a farm neighbors dogs usually got shot for attacking livestock in the country when they crossed on to others land so keep your dogs confined as well .
most of the clearly complex compositional songs have already been mentioned kashmir achilles ten years .
as a composition meaning a discrete work of music with differing sections led zeppelin iii is a masterpiece
while there is no way we should get rid of the man but he should be batting wayyy late in the order .
some of the strictest gun laws in the country .
sorry your post was removed because you did not include your physical description including height and/or weight .
you must include a general description of yourself such as
note that you need to include both a height and weight or the descriptive equivalents for your post to go through .
you may repost your updated post within three hours otherwise it will count as your post for the week .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
is this a sharpener or is it used to fix knives ?
i was told anything below 360 grit is a knife fixer '' ?
throw an egg at someone and see the war you start .
whatever makes you sleep at night i 'm not the one who says he 's attracted to little boys .
it all boils down to how much you like her and how much she likes you .
what are you willing to go through for her ?
or maybe you need to open your eyes to other girls ?
i would think garchomp would be a nice option too in my opinion .
hello u/pronbaliya your post appears to be too short and breaks rule 6 and possibly others of r/mildlyinteresting and has been removed .
your title must be a concise and complete description of the content .
this was inside my car '' or the way this door opens '' are unacceptable .
it should act as a spoiler '' for the image .
if it leaves the viewer surprised in some way after viewing it will be removed .
read about rule 6 in more detail here or in the sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/21p15y/rule_6_for_dummies .
feel free to message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmildlyinteresting with a link to this post for a detailed explanation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mildlyinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
are you trying to sound like an a hole ?
older dogs often start having trouble controlling their bowels .
and i do n't care what they are acting '' like to you 13 years old is old .
dogs are n't like people they are n't doing it to piss you off they are having trouble controlling it .
maybe you need to walk it more than 3 times .
maybe you can pay attention to when the dog is going on the carpet and make sure to take it out before it happens .
the bottom line is that you need to change your behavior to accommodate your elderly dog
h claims johnny was holding her back in her career .
i 've never heard that before either and i turned my phone up all the way and hear it .
i 'd give noah round 1 but that 's not saying much ...
1st death seattle day 2 ellie in the hospital basement chasing after nora .
the room with the red lighting and a mixture of clickers and wlf .
to conserve ammo i thought i could have the infected kill the wlf and deal with them after .
2nd death seattle day 1 ellie i died trying to jump from platform to platform when scaling the giant wall .
i thought i had a good enough running jump but apparently not and so i fell to my death .
3rd death in the theatre trying to kill ellie i tried to punch her before the button prompt appeared so i died .
that one was very upsetting and i have not tried permadeath since haha .
one tip i have for abby on day 2 when you reach the bloater in the infected apartment building is to silently kill the first clicker that walks into the hallway from the room on the right throw a brick/bottle in another room to get the bloater to move and then book it to the elevator .
that way you can slip by everyone using very few resources .
this is what i 've done my last couple of playthroughs and once on permadeath and it 's worked for me .
ur a native american and u wan na get into a slur battle ?
when they see through the veil that you just hire people and steal their ideas and it does n't work
they point out that you got your dick out on a female employee ''
my position is innocent until proven guilty if you prioritize innocence/truth by gender then the system is worthless .
if the top of the loaf dries up in the first few minutes then you 're screwed .
it takes my loaves around 10~15min out of 20 to have the final ear in the oven .
edit you would see where the cut is at d
the tube that was on my temp sensor just slid out and it looks real bad https imgur.com/a/sen7ogd .
the cut was kind of shoddy to begin with but it definitely looks warped in addition to that .
i have n't checked the other tube ends yet though i 'm thinking of either replacing the petg and using those inserts or simply going to soft tubing after reading other threads online so that 's when i 'll know for sure what happened .
i 've configured my fans to sit at 100 all the time no matter the temperature .
i 'll look into undervolting maybe that will be another solution
i bought mine in 2017 from warnermusic when it was still 10 and a copy of make a shadow on discogs for £23.99
but yes he is crazy you can find a copy of sorry for £39.99 on discogs still expensive though compared to it 's original price ...
unless you really want the physical disc i 'd suggest buying them on digital you can even find high res audio versions on qobuz
well while i 've never seen it personally i still consider myself open minded .
that is an old watch and costs more than the new one .
it 's frankly idiotic and we should not be supporting this nonsense .
however whether or not it is worth it to you only you can decide .
your whole argument is based on a thinking that men work women do n't .
women also pay spousal support and child support just like men .
if the man was home taking care of the kids he made the environment conducive for the woman to go make money for the family and deserves to be rewarded for his time if they terminate the marriage so does the woman if she is the primary care giver .
and i agree men and women are not the same .
a man is not superior or is exempt from consequences and responsibility just because he has a penis and beads and lacks a virgina and breasts .
you of course are allowed to disagree because if i agree with you you are at an advantage and can get a free pass in life .
a person 's superiority is measured by their brain .
and some people will also agree with something does n't mean it 's right some women aslo think a man who beats them loves them .
and some men believe men ca n't be sexually abused .
and some men also believe a woman who is financially abusive is good for their mental well being and makes them work harder 'as a man should ' .
does n't make it right.so sir you can stand on a rooftop and scream all you want and throw tantrums but the fact of the matter is we will hold you to the same standard you hold us and if you choose to ignore us on that matter and do whatever you want we will do the same and you should just suck it up .
what 's good for the goose blah blah blah ...
not that i know of before covid i do n't remember much touhou presence at any of the major klang valley conventions that was n't the art booths .
for me it 's very bad but somehow i am still ok with that .
the agincourt hero mech in mw5 is so much fun with an srm swap .
you 're in constant danger of overheating yourself but you can core most mechs in one or two volleys .
also are all these medications from the same doctor ?
because anti-psychotics and stimulants attenuate one another when taken together .
meaning the two drugs strongly reduce or block the effects effects of one another .
boo hoo the poor little white guy is accustomed to espousing an opinion about everything and does n't enjoy being told he lacks perspective and knowledge and that his opinions about any given subject are n't automatically valid and worth consideration
also stefan enrols and graduates high school 17 times .
would n't that be degrading and weird if he thinks like an adult ?
yeah the relationships are creepy if you think about someone who 's technically hundreds or thousands of years old being attracted to a teen .
the first time stefan admitted to elena he 'd been 17 since 1864 it was awkward .
unless as i said vampires ' brains only age to a young adult .
i want to give a cum tribute to those gorgeous boobies 💦💦😈
btw bollywood remakes '' a lot of movies from different countries .
this is the first post i 've seen in quite some time that literally made me laugh out loud thank you very much .
you can also use it to convert your textures .
my game would crash a ton before i did that .
the time cost of this vs a 5 costco rotisserie chicken and the kirkland bone broth simply does n't stack up imo .
yeah while the broth does its thing over night i waste all my time waiting for it to be done with stuff like sleeping
you wouldnt by any chance be on a pill like oxycodone would you ?
hey queen i fully agree with what your saying however this comment was on artists and individuals in the drag community that believe being nasty/unpleasant/overall hard to work with are the same qualities as being a driven and ambitious artist .
and how most queens that have these negative qualities or just a bad rep that eventually do get on drag race will only ever get called out after the fact of filming when everything is already said and done .
your post was removed because your title must start with an age tag like 20
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaykik if you have any questions or concerns .
i think ivern would be fine if they just reworked his r. same for maokai or sivir for example .
aurelion sol would be the only one who i think definitely needs a mid-scope rework but he is already confirmed to get one if i remember correctly .
i 've been trying to build the eastern border for 10 days now and it always falls because we get no support .
he left huntsman then became part of the most dominant team in cod for the next 3 game .
they 're hitting a bump in the road this year but they 're still top 2 like always .
say what you want about his bitch role but it works perfectly someone needs to anchor down the cracked little gremlins and micromanaging them while offsetting your own gameplay seems to work .
turns out when you got three of the maddest players in cod you do n't need a 4th who 's also cracked you just got ta help them work together .
i believe this there have been a few other established artists that have complained of the exact same thing and their albums were delayed .
some have started leaving their labels and going independent .
he 's got you talking about his weird feelings for women over 16 years of age .
manlikeisaac a chad and a simp very rare combination indeed ... ..
your a low iq wannabe urban zoe who gets passed around by the brothas .
reminds me of iris being mas at barry for going into the speed force at the end of the season because it was going to destroy the world
not all companies need to do business outside of particular region be it a city county state or country .
it might provide a nice advantage for some consumer tech businesses but car companies are n't even one of them .
no-one 's asked what breed of hamster they are .
some types can live together so it 's important to know which hamsters you have .
edit thanks for the downvotes for stating the truth and asking op for an essential piece of information .
this sub sure does love its mantras without even trying to factcheck first .
in this case they might as well offer 4k in 120hz .
but the shield would n't get it because it does n't have the hardware to support it and this would look bad .
so i guess they wo n't offer 120hz 4k anytime soon .
i hope you do n't mind getting skin to skin with you..
the will of the people '' ... which people ?
disturbing in a way to see someone spouting this kind of venomous bilge even more disturbing to see that people believe it .
to us on the outside growing up in the 1950s and 60s the united states was held up as the beacon of light moving ever forward with advances in technology education medicine knowledge all those aberations like governer wallace were going to be assigned to the dump of history .
people were going to be educated well-mannered altruistic ... .
especially with language sfrrr people take a medical word for insults or to throw around i 'm not going to try to take it back .
these words are n't used in medical science anymore and unless someone 's directly associating them with mentally i 'll people i 'm not going to go against them .
the only thing that offends me as someone with a mental illness is the lack of proper healthcare or housing .
i 'm a deaf/hard of hearing grad student and i didnt know about her until this post .
uh disability services have been the best i 've ever dealt with .
paladin main here 1400 only play about 50 hours a week so well behind like 95 of reddit it seems .
everyone else seems to have tens of thousands of shards and stuff and i 'm sitting here well failed my 4 honing attempts today let 's try again tomorrow ''
it 's not a new interpretation and i suspect the players would be aware of it .
a couple of examples i know of off the top of my head as a dogs fan
katie brennan https twitter.com/aflcomau/status/975586337725149185 being suspended for the 2018 aflw grand final when only one arm was pinned in the tackle .
hayden crozier https www.afl.com.au/news/462036/match-review-one-game-ban-for-dogs-dangerous-tackle being suspended despite neither arm being pinned in the tackle .
was shocked at the time and still not sure i agree with it given how it removes all onus on the player being tackled to protect themselves but it set the standard for what 's acceptable in my mind anyway .
karn the great creator https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/3/e/3ec0c0fb-1a4f-45f4-85b7-346a6d3ce2c5.jpg ? 1566819742 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=karn 2c 20the 20great 20creator sf https scryfall.com/card/war/1/karn-the-great-creator ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/3ec0c0fb-1a4f-45f4-85b7-346a6d3ce2c5 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
i tell you that is very much a western ideal lol
also be cautious as 3d prints as well as the switches have a rough surface with many tiny corners and this is perfect for bacterial growth .
but if you do n't get it too dirty it should be fine .
flag emojis do n't work for me so you 're just saying ararararar
how does it affect you that the biggest podcast in the world just invited a wacko and let him spread his misinformation over to millions of people with no pushback ?
you 're too young to just decide your life is done man you still have 75 of your life in front of you statistically .
being alone is temporary and unimportant in most cases we live in an age where you can just make online friends and people can go on with that and love does n't come fast go at your own speed .
what you should do this week which will not be your last is go to group therapy if possible feels like it would help you a lot .
for games you 've previously downloaded from playstation now 's game catalog if the titles are also available for playstation plus you can continue to play and your progress will continue to save .
similar to playstation now if the content is no longer offered on playstation plus you wo n't be able to access the titles when they leave the service .
if the title is available on playstation store and you decide to purchase it you 'll be able to access your save data again – just make sure you do n't delete your saved data .
i 'm very glad that i 've found your post .
i also have this corellation the more anxiety i have the more actively my mind produces random stuff which overloads my mind even more sometimes on a very high speed .
are they a sort of intrusive thoughts to help you distract yourself or ... ?
the 2b figure was released in 2019 and had a rerun with the new 9s figure .
there 's a chance it could be rereleased if/when that a2 figure comes out but who knows .
figure companies do n't make much more than what 's pre-ordered so it 's not like regular merch that gets restocked every so often .
your best bet is to find a store that is able to ship to or within the eu or buy from someone else that is selling it .
aftermarket prices change all the time and tend to rise in time so it might be hard to find it for retail price later on though .
003 and 004 have been minted already have you seen them ?
i 'm just now realizing he threw that on the fly
i think that 's the point is that the spider has escaped sir
i take 10mg every morning yay graveyard it 's the recommended dose on the bottle i bought .
maybe it 's brand specific but it 's the first time melatonin has had any effect on me .
it makes me sleepy but i 've never noticed it to help or hurt my migraines .
i know this is a family member of yours but ...
i 've been more ready for this convo for the last twenty years than having one about which political party is more on my side .
i think this one 's striking the demon down not too sure
well until the next president comes along and reverses everything that was done by the opposing party leaving the taiwanese people high and dry
music is the greatest conduit for safely feeling emotions .
too much trauma and loss has made it so i do n't process any of it well emotionally and so doing art while blasting music in my headphones helps so much .
a few concerts i 've been to have been better than some therapy sessions .
do you see him as more of a 3 or 4 on offense ?
if he 's a 3 i think he could be a great fit .
if a 4 not so sure just with the log jam we have there
rewards per minute of survival should scale from being nearly worthless next to the wg to very rewarding across the map .
i had a similar issue with the b-hyve faucet timers .
i tried deleting and readding the timers in the app 20 times called tech support and nothing worked .
i finally got them working correctly just by chance by adding them with a smart watering setup instead of conventional schedule and they seemed to work .
the app is junk and i definitely spent a lot of time swearing at my phone and timers .
rent stabilization and rent control actually tend to increase gentrification and make things less affordable in the long run unfortunately .
you should see the stuff they fry up in japan lol
blooming heart and juggernut are both strong aggro cards you could work towards in these classes .
presumably until you need to find a replacement after a few generations .
plus at least on my 80 's cars they 've been even simpler than a stepper ...
when i do if fasting and i do the 48 or 72 hour fast i still only eat omad .
say i fast monday tuesday and wednesday then the rest of the days i will eat one meal a day .
i lost 50 pounds in under 6 months and like i said i 'm 60 years old .
i do not usually exercise just gardening and occasional walks with my neighbor .
i am 121 pounds now and my next goal is 115 .
yesterday i wore my asian wedding gown from 32 years ago .
you will lose the weight move your eating to omad or like i said 48/72 hours .
felt it was very reminiscent of an interaction between the two in the old movies .
if it 's hsv1 then you probably got it as a kid or baby .
most people with hsv1 get it as a kid bc it 's not always sexually transmitted .
you can get it from sharing eating or drinking utensils .
that 's why most people already have it and most of the people who have it do n't know it bc there 's no symptoms .
mike is gon na have some cleaning to do in the next episode .
plan and execution well damn we really got the execution part !
there are some names that can not be read in certain contexts !
exactly their nation has one of the lowest religion freedom indexes in the world yet they find the audacity to point fingers at india and try to meddle in her internal disputes .
the only garbage is the burnt mess in that picture .
sunshine children 's home in mesa higley 202n they have a thrift store to help fund the center .
if this is a female and reasonably high ranking odds are she will be fine .
why are you guys so obsessed with condemning a kid that shot a convicted child predator that attacked him ?
you do n't get a pass just because the person you shot happened to be a criminal .
just like we do n't excuse the cops who shoot people and then oh well he had drugs in the house . ''
it would be the same if you were shot and then afterwards discovered all those folders of loli hentai inside the computer .
you will be even more shocked to read the damn book that they are following .
one windows 11 is not shit and full of bugs you can get better performance in windows 11 with a 12th gen intel than in windows 10. it also has built in hdr .
and two windows 11 runs very well on slow systems it doesnt officially run on old '' systems .
people call windows 11 junk because 1. it is too tightly integrated with microsoft 's bullshit 2. it doesnt really bring anything new to the table it had one job changing the ui and it failed miserably at that once stop looking at the desktop and start using the pc youre blasted with the same old design from windows 7 control panel ?
they added a new right click menu but it 's more focused on looking good and not functional that they had to add a second right click menu with the old options .
it 's like applying a thin layer of gold paint and calling it jwellery .
privacy '' they dont give the people who dont want tpm the option to just not use it this is not valorant you dont need everyone to have tpm so they dont cheat .
if they removed this tpm requirement and made it optional half the hate would disappear
learn more about the stuff youre talking you know youre wrong when you have to use ad hominem
are you the guy who was trying to sell an iwata air brush ?
i wan na buy a partial one at the tippy top if i can
a possible alternative to consider is sqlite something like this https www.sqlite.org/sqlar.html but with an even simpler schema
a sqlite database with a simple primary key file contents table containing 40 million rows would work just fine .
also if you have other fields you 'd like to store you have a trivial path to adding them .
ballpark each file at 1kb that 's only a 40gb database file .
and you can back it up much more easily than you can create a tarfile with 40m entries .
if you throw it on zfs and do recordsize=1m you also get the advantages of compression over that larger block size vs compressing each file individually .
if you go for purely on the filesystem i would definitely recommend adding in some nested directories .
even if your application code never does a directory scan something will at some point .
a good way to do this is assuming you have a random evenly distributed id take the first 2 hex characters use it as a directory name and repeat as necessary this is similar to how git stores files internally https git-scm.com/book/en/v2/git-internals-git-objects .
this means each directory has at most 256 subdirectories .
for 40 million files doing 2 levels of those directories means an average leaf directory has 610 files in it all very manageable for anything walking the filesystem .
well if they bring in sulu and keep the characteristics from the kelvin timeline that will be an openly gay character .
in star trek beyond it was n't a big issue .
sulu went to meet his husband and child on fort yorktown .
then we 'll be no better than the yankees .
three days later he tweets about having to self isolate https twitter.com/borisjohnson/status/1328096750473719808 ? s=21 t=a00kybbvej1vvz7tj0vg7g
2 weeks supply then after a month they give you a 30 day supply
it 's been like this for years on reddit .
if you comment something negative about the us you will get upvoted .
clearview ai ordered to purge u.k. face scans and pay £7.5 million fine msn.com https www.msn.com/en-us/news/technology/clearview-ai-ordered-to-purge-u-k-face-scans-and-pay-7-5-million-fine/ar-aaxcvip
clearview ai ordered to delete facial recognition data belonging to uk residents theverge.com https www.theverge.com/2022/5/23/23137603/clearview-ai-ordered-delete-data-uk-residents-ico-fine
uk regulator fines facial recognition company 9m for illegally storing images washingtonexaminer.com https www.washingtonexaminer.com/policy/technology/uk-regulator-fines-facial-recognition-company-9m-for-illegally-storing-images
i 'm a bot to find news from different sources .
real fact 90 of our subreddit members are always offline
platea is 2nd floor or something like that in theater words .
you can follow other interesting and hot nsfw subs from our moderators
pornstars to follow r/kimberly_brix r/rachelriversxxx r/averyblackx r/teganjamesxxx r/agathavegaxxx r/paisleybennettxxx r/zoeyhollowayx r/quinnwildex r/hazelheartx
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/step_fantasy_gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
based on your username he 's no subait khater and his freekicks lol
one deck that can summon a beatstick from their hand most other decks
i 've got a friend i literally ca n't hang out with if there 's gon na be an attractive woman around because he 'll competely ignore me to try and flirt with her .
i mean a formal clarification is something that you could have to present to the parents and the school if there is an issue .
tbh it is reasons like this i wo n't work at a middle/high school
as someone who has taken care of my mother for most of my adult life do not do it .
they are adults responsible for their own decisions even if these financial issues are n't their fault .
if they come in they 're never going to leave !
also considering how they hammered you about expenses ... ... you owe them to not rescue them .
yeah i went to her instead of my artist for 8 years because of the style i was looking for obv bad decision .
plus at least this one in particular looks pretty happy .
i 'll help can you please sit on my face i want to livk you so bad ! !
adrenaline aoa goes for cheap in the market house .
5th engraving can be sight focus for when you use your magic enhancement .
i paid the 3 dollars a month for xtoys premium but when i try to upload certain files long ones it kicks me out of the app and closes it🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️ .
there would n't be any mess with me because i 'd let you squirt in my mouth and swallow every drop 👅 🤤
all my other legendaries except dialga are in ultras .
i really hope they at least keep it as an exchange centre .
it is a really important commuting spot for busses and to the train station .
loctite glue is much better than gorilla glue from my experience .
r/irlgirls is a subreddit that highlights the average girl that you see in your everyday life .
since the girls posted here are not famous or have a huge following we want to make sure that this is an anti-stalker subreddit .
it is not fair to put a girl 's safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you will be banned if you post/ask for a source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
fuck her cuck him and then find another job .
imagine you 're talking about your past self before you realized you were nonbinary or an alternate version of you that is n't nonbinary .
if you associate the she/her with yourself it 's just gon na feel icky but if you can at least displace it from you a little that might do the trick .
i have a cousin who 's an it engineer long story short he is known as the pc fixer guy in the family poor dude he has gone to college so my aunt can ask him to set up wifi and help her to convert files ... .
you may forgive him now but depending on how long he 's been doing this for do n't stay with him !
you deserve someone who wo n't flirt behind your back and i 'm currently going through something similar what 's helping me with moving on is distance start messaging/calling/seeing him a bit less hang out with other friends instead of him let him know that you need space and when you feel like your ready move on .
it 's gon na be tough i know but these things are though .
if he knew how much you felt safe with him and he understood you loved them then he would n't of done this unless he was being an asshole
there are pauses for laughter as if they had planned canned laughter and then decided against it .
they post on reddit asking what gay things straight '' buddies do .
drop your tool by accident and they take the whole day off !
i 'm sure he was just kidding around and that the tools are secured somehow .
i think that sending a text is a bad idea .
you will not get the result you 're hoping for and it will leave you feeling worse .
block him from anything delete his number and change your own number and get on with your life
edit just to add that you ca n't be friends with a narc .
it 's not possible and it 's not friendship in you have feelings for him
be sure to stop by our discord https discord.gg/cantek9zey .
if you 're underage your post will be removed .
if you 're really young and looking for a daddy bye bye .
if you 're an of seller only and just here looking for money we 'll remove that too .
we 're building a community not a shopping mall .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bimarriedmen if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean what young demon hasn't dressed as a cheerleader ?
that really just show you they letting ppl kill each other just to arrest them years later .
false ai backfill does n't happen until the game has started and enough players have joined the lobby
when children starve under capitalism they 're not victims because they simply did not work hard enough .
when fascists are executed under soocialism uhhhh vuvuzela animal farm ?
you were classed out similar thing happened to me recently .
i had to go through a selection like that and the general consensus was that being lighter is always better for the bodyweight stuff pullups pushups crunches .
i got in at 75 kg at 177 and got out at 68-69kg i went from 12 pullups to 17 .
although i was running 3.2km which also lends itself to lighter builds .
from the profile i 've got bagpipes a baby crying and bombs going off over the earpiece he said .
some of my biggest heroes were in silent film .
and my feeling is that if there 's no truth behind the eyes does n't matter what the fucking words are.
consider this perhaps he likes m/m pairings not because the homosexual romantic relationship appeals to him but because he is likes relationships between men generally be they romantic or not .
one of the pitfalls of our society is that men especially cis het men do not always feel comfortable forming close attachments with other men .
reading about them vicariously might satisfy some deeper non-sexual yearning he has .
hey u/cindalak unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subreddit .
messaging mods and asking the minimums will result in a 30-day ban/we dont reveal this info
grow your account posting elsewere on reddit and come back in a few days .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
trying to figure out how to pay off that 10k disney vacation
sorry it neither disgraced the fbi nor humiliated the press they were all in on it .
i have a 2560x1600 monitor in portrait mode so tested both in portrait and landscape .
landscape mode gives a max of 2560x1440 and leaves black bars on top and bottom .
portrait mode gives a 1600x2560 screen that essentially shows you a vertical slice of the middle of the client .
my guess is the scaling prevents you from clicking on some ui element in rare circumstances so you never noticed anything wrong but they still decided to prevent you from using it .
edit many tablets have the 16:10 aspect ratio so maybe it will come back .
given how many different resolutions there are on mobile devices it would make sense to let people use nonstandard resolutions on their own risk .
thank you just two street cars at the track having fun..
i do n't have kids but the rest ... ... yeah .
how do people have kids and do things with them at this age ?
the nationwide insurance company released statements to the daily caller after facing online backlash over emails sent in january that appeared to call on agents to donate controversial books to local schools and public libraries .
a leaked email from state farm stated that state farm is partnering with the gendercool project to help diversify classroom community center and library bookshelves with a collection of books to help bring clarity and understanding to the national conversation about being transgender inclusive and non-binary read the email .
the project 's goal is to increase representation of lgbtq books and support our communities in having challenging important and empowering conversations with children age 5 '' it continued .
some on social media responded by calling for a boycott against state farm .
on monday the company denied the claims in one statement and then issued a second statement saying it had ended its partnership with the advocacy group .
they 've since released another statement saying conversations about gender and identity should happen at home with parents .
we do n't support required curriculum in schools on this topic .
we support organizations providing resources for parents to have these conversations ''
we also just received our new 2023 sportage and having the same issue .
there 's no one on the internet that has them customized yet but hopefully wo n't be long .
i think i get what you 're saying that the loki from the show is still the 616 loki just from an earlier point but tbh we do n't know if that 's entirely true cause timetravel is still very messy in the mcu .
cause technically what happened when the avengers time travelled and loki got the tesseract is that he started a branching timeline and that 's why the tva grabs him in the first place .
and it has n't been explicitly stated if the variants are still within the 616 verse or if variants are actually from another like 838 for example .
because as feige explained in an interview the events of loki are what allowed for the multiverse to branch off from one timeline back to several and allowed for the events of spider-man and mom .
so with that in mind it stands there 's a good chance that when a variant deviated from the sacred timeline and made a branched timeline they were actually creating a parallel universe making them no longer within the 616 one and rather on a new one all together
edit as this pertains to thor i just do n't think loki will be in it cause story reasons not cause universe reasons .
like their stories are no longer dependent on them both being in it .
at best maybe a cameo post credit but idk i feel like next time we see loki in an mcu film will be antman 3
the born survivor had his first near death experience in 1962 .
he was traveling on a train from sarajevo to dubrovnik when it became derailed .
in a state of shock and suffering from hypothermia he made his way to the riverbank with a broken arm .
a year later selak would narrowly escape death again when his plane crashed .
he was thrown clear of the crash when the plane 's door opened .
in 1966 he was again in mortal danger when a bus he was on skidded into a river .
four people drowned but selak survived with minor cuts and bruises .
in 1970 selak 's car caught fire on the motorway .
with seconds to spare he left the vehicle before the petrol tank blew up .
in 1973 his fifth accident would leave its mark .
a faulty fuel pump set fire to his car and he lost most of his hair .
a bus in zagreb ran him over but he walked away relatively unscathed .
when driving in the mountains he turned a corner to see a un truck coming towards him .
selak leapt clear of the car at the last minute as it went hurtling down the 300-foot drop .
he watched as it hit the bottom and exploded into a ball of flames .
after surviving seven disasters you might have thought selak 's luck had run its course .
he purchased his first ever lottery ticket when he was 76 years old .
it does n't matter how you look or how much you weigh men will always be creeps towards you .
i 'm not too attractive i look like a guy tbh do n't dress feminine rarely wear makeup generally nothing interesting to look at but i literally ca n't count how many times i 've been followed i 've also been groped from behind once .
predators do n't care about your looks just how easy of a victim you are .
amazing but knowing what 's outside is like beach with shark infested waters .
this calling childe the rerun archon etc are so overdone its not even funny anymore
the fact that it happens when ethernet is passed through from my main desktop which has no internet problems
it happens when i 'm using ethernet over usb on my phone
and it happens plugged straight into my internet equipment and i have another brunchbook that works fine tells me otherwise
was n't a fan of starcrawler or placebo personally found them both pretty boring .
tbh most gigs i 've been too i have n't enjoyed the support acts much mostly because i do n't usually know them or i just do n't enjoy their music .
like she 's 9 years old and playing dress up in doria 's attic after raiding her makeup kit .
1 på den her sagt på en anden måde du opsætter 2 betingede formateringsregler på samme område med hver sit kriterie .
that is being patriotic the mos british sentiment is it 's shit and it 's sposed to be if you do n't like it leave '' why do you think the tories keep getting in ?
i tried to activate my starhub roaming service and i was told by the agent that i am not eligible because im spass holder .
it is not a small issue to be resolved .
my gramps book has nothing in it its literally 'joined ' 'left ' .
you have until 05/25 05:59 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20220525t095959 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the colgate 16 .
u/mpbeast-07 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' uvl2k4 ''
here 's a sneak peek of r/politicalhumour using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/politicalhumour/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
2 i feel like this fits here https i.imgur.com/coaz9rk.png 0 comments https np.reddit.com/r/politicalhumour/comments/nxvefg/i_feel_like_this_fits_here
your comment has been removed to combat spam you do not currently meet the required comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nzgirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
a character i 'd like to play is a brujah who was embraced in the medieval era and was a speaker of the dream of the trinity of constantinople that for various reasons woke up in the modern days .
he was in rome for political and representative reasons when the murder of michael took place .
at that point he instantly took a ship to constantinople to take revenge and help out in general .
the boat was delayed and he had to depart during the day to be safe he decided to sleep inside a sealed stone coffin for the rest of the trip .
the vessel sunk not long after sailed and the coffin stayed at the bottom of the sea for centuries until researchers and archaeologists found it .
he woke up after 600 years in a lab in whatever city the chronicle is set confused and extremely out of place only to later discover that the prince of that city was once his childe mawla 5 .
he now has to get used to the new world he was awakened in while still professing the same forgotten doctrine that led all of his unlife .
the fact is that he has lived very few years as a vampire so he is still blood potency 1 he is like 10th gen or so so he 's basically a neonate .
he dreams of a free society where there are no laws and man is governed by reason and compassion and everyone who does n't look like someone in his family is killed on the spot .
i would take a peach and leave maybe the sake too
guess they did n't have that idiom in china ...
thank you for your submission on r/nft join us on discord https discord.gg/yc6e4phwsa for live discussion on everything nfts and to share buy/sell your nfts !
join r/nft on urbit at ronseg-hacsym/digital-alchemy for the p2p privacy minded get a ship https azimuth.shop
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nft if you have any questions or concerns .
i am loving the media coverage it has been some time ffs
so basically the next hero coming out next month in june will be a samurai
yes it 's a graceful way of establishing boundaries i approve .
just curious what made you think of this lol !
sure 343 have fucked yea lot since they took the reigns but you can not deny that they 've had some really fken neat moments too .
halo 4 's campaign was good not the best but it 's story was great in terms of bringing chief back into the fold after his 5 year absence too bad halo 5 had to go fuck that up .
halo 5 had a pretty fun multiplayer that is all i will say about halo 5 .
halo mcc is amazing once they finally fixed it .
halo mcc for pc is probably the best thing they ever did and you ca n't deny it was n't an amazing achievement .
halo infinite has great gameplay and a miles-better campaign than 5 .
awesome but i think i have seen that crown somewhere ...
my russian friends life has n't changed a bit other than prices rising a bit the same thing that happens to me on the other side of europe .
the sanctions right now does n't have such a big effect on russian life .
zooming in it looks like retained shed what 's the humidity like in the enclosure ?
i 'd just keep applying room temp water onto a q tip and gently massage it onto their head .
would you mind if she announces her pregnancy the day before you get married ?
brussels would be a great city if the people all vanished .
so far i 've yet to go to brussels without overhearing people calling me salle flamande '' .
so maybe just maybe it 's the people of brussels who make it a shithole ?
and i got the quote i have seen billy maddison and happy gilmore 50 first dates .
sorry old school and forgot it is now very structured .
i have run the prt with people that where literally smoking while running it .
to be fair 5 meal deals a week is £15 .
to buy all that stuff at the shop the difference in cost would be negligible .
loaf of bread for a quid sandwich filler probably going to spend around a fiver .
multipaack of crisps will be a couple of quid and then to buy your drinks for the week will add up as well .
considering that you get some big sandwiches and some of the more expensive drinks then it really is great value .
plus you can mix and match each day as well .
it 's a screen pass but it 's shut down !
https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainpasszero message=it 27s 20a 20screen 20pass 2c 20but 20it 27s 20shut 20down 21 20it 27ll 20be 20for 20 7byards 7d 20yards 21
it 's 2nd and 10 on the syracuse 44 .
keep trying to get a bf it takes a lot of tries but you will get one it took me 5 or 6 ttries but i finnally found the guy whos right for me
still grumpy over sephiroth vs vergil and gl vs ben 10 and some others .
my last brain cell holding the answer to the 5 mark question in the last 3 minutes of the exam .
yta why did you burn your bridges but invited them round when you had important people '' there ?
i would n't want to do anything with you either .
i think you have to look at the total cost though .
90k is high but you save a ton on the transfer fee amortisation .
if you spent £20m for a 5 year signing that 's 77k per week before you 've even thought about wages .
i would n't advocate a 5 year contract but a free signing is always going be able to demand more individually than a signing from a club the only losers in that situation are burnely but the buying club and player both get a bargain .
i think to be fair the reason for that is reckless spending can ruin clubs that do n't have unlimited resources we 've seen it plenty of times .
that said i think he 's a great signing and we have no leverage here .
city know we are desperate for a proven striker in this team .
all i have from the 90s is faahion regret and memories of bad decisions and drastic hangovers !
wow this is great i have been preparing for the interviews .
that sounds amazing and might be worth buying a second copy for my pc .
idk if i 'd be able to marry anyone but leah though .
i always feel like i 'm cheating on her if i try to go with someone else 😂💀
too early to have an opinion on it yet .
whatever if you want to ask your close friends '' insensitive questions knock yourself out but those that struggle with infertility will remember that you 've already asked them invasive questions and you 'll be the last person that they come to to talk to about their issues .
i hope that you never have any issues so you never have to learn how much this question hurts .
it 's selfish that you ca n't just understand that for some people asking about children is extremely painful and just pick something else to ask about but apparently asking this question is more important to you then not hurting the person that you 're trying to talk to .
yeah i know a handful and some mods do lmao but wsb is fucking way bigger than all that now
to be fair there is no racial discrimination if you just murder everyone not of your racial group .
unfortunately yeah because with brooklyn not being a disaster middleton being healthy miami being miami and harden surely not having mutinous performances they could damn welll be the 5th best team in the east next season
so they straight up admit they 're too stupid to consider any other viewpoint .
if ya got no ammo pretend no one is home .
at some point and i 'm just about hittting it where surviving gets easier .
food and gear are in order and you only lack a few good clothing items .
so now i 'm challenging myself to go full animal just for something interesting to do .
i prefer the one who realized their employer was just killed and choose not to fight for free .
it 's weird to see teams like long beach and fullerton struggle while cal poly and ucsb have had incredible seasons .
unfortunately for cal poly they probably have n't done enough to earn a spot in regionals .
they are so using q '' all over in marketing now !
do not message the moderators about account age or karma minimums .
your account is either too new or has not garnered enough comment karma to post in r/showerthoughts .
do not message the moderators about account age or karma minimums .
further information is not listed and will not be given .
do not message the moderators about account age or karma minimums .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
indeed it feels like he has a back-up in case he fails once lol
what if you tell them that this is so you can get faster ?
n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger n ! a ! gger
yeah as long as your not running anything too crazy .
the cmp says anything 174 grains and below is safe to fire .
just make sure everything is in spec and it 's well greased
idk my teachers would be wary of letting us use our computers even for desmos durring a final lol
desmos is great just that my teachers wouldnt be very open to letting us use it on a test
believing the osage would not be able to manage their new wealth or lobbied by whites who wanted a piece of the action the united states congress passed a law in 1921 which required that courts appoint guardians for each osage of half-blood or more in ancestry who would manage their royalties and financial affairs until they demonstrated competency '' .
under the system even minors who had less than half-osage blood had to have guardians appointed regardless of whether the minors had living parents .
the courts appointed the guardians from local white lawyers or businessmen .
the incentives for criminality were overwhelming such guardians often maneuvered legally to steal osage land their headrights or royalties others were suspected of murdering their charges to gain the headrights .
i do n't care what kind of supermami you are no one with multiple kids has a car that clean .
also working on an h1b visa with an advanced degree in the us puts you much closer to the front of the line for a green card if your eventual end goal is moving to the united states in terms of why that would motivate a worker and make them less likely to do something to rock the boat .
i worked for a company that was basically holding a taiwanese guy pseudo-hostage with that kind of stuff helping him move forward in his green card process .
my boyfriend and i also do the same thing .
i take it correctly everyday and we have n't had any pregnancy scares .
drea is one of the best players in a long time .
she just made a single massive mistake by telling omar about her knowledge is power she should never have told anyone obviously
get a mask when sanding and always use it .
so many times sanding drywall when i was young i 'd take my mask off cuz it was hot .
looking back i probably inhaled a bag of cement worth of drywall dust .
it would be cool if this instacart shopper was doing this for all nestle products
i watch a video of a structure someone ran some wiring in and he drilled through a beam and i was curious if it violated any building codes .
safety warning please read before clicking the above link !
you are about to leave reddit and enter a zoom video room .
any participant in the room including the host can record at any time without
if you do not feel comfortable in a room for any reason you
the mods and reddit are not responsible for the actions that take place in zoom
including those of the host not participating not having cam on etc .
do not notify mods regarding hosts who take actions that you do n't like unless
they are one of the banned actions such as drugs soliciting minors etc .
by clicking this post 's zoom link you agree to the above terms .
no link posting in the comments or you will be banned unless you are op
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayzoom if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't wait for it to be properly deconstructed over the coming weeks/months .
god i hope they make a honest trailer for it
i love how buddy turned back around after he realized he needed to rest his sack upon the dead mans chin .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwgirl if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's better fried chicken at the co op for way cheaper and the last few times i 've gotten a blizzard from dq they 've melted in less than 2 min .
i 'd rather go get a tub of icecream for the same price
if he did come we would 've needed to sell salah as fsg will never splash big bucks for a marquee player without some offset to line their pockets .
its a good premap leveling belt but nothing more.a good belt for rf would have chaos res life armour increased recovery rate regen ... ..etc bench crafting damage is very good but you need better other mods
that being said this is still a good base to use fracured life is awesome
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3anashville 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3anashville 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
note you must enable nsfw search results https i.imgur.com/a3i5xq2.jpg in your preferences https www.reddit.com/prefs on the web site for search to work in apps as well !
see what 's new https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and newer https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=2
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
r/promoteonlyfans is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought it was a parody of some popular song i had n't heard because i never come in contact with new stuff
i am prescribing 100 hours of the wokest shows on netflix .
it is so common that it should probably be some sort of screening process .
if you have gad depression adhd and a history of childhood abuse then your closest loved ones get to fill iut a survey about you to screen for bpd .
the doctor would refer you for dbt if the surveys show bpd traits .
he had a kratom habit according to her too .
and yes that was when i first started following her .
i could n't believe she was telling the world that !
oh the sweet summer child i was unwise in the ways of the hun .
the public school system should really be ashamed of itself .
im a male type of person and people have been asking me if i 'm wearing eye shadow all my life .
a trip to woodcraft is always a fun one !
i highly recommend keeping an eye on their sales flyer and getting on their mailing list for monthly deals .
a large portion of my toolkit was purchased as a tool i needed for a project that happened to be on sale as well .
i especially like buying the dimensioned lumber on sale .
if you think he got fired for something he said say it it 's the internet no one is going to tell nascar 's not going to ban you from watching .
they 've already implied that 's what they believe anyways .
i hate when people are like i do n't mean to stick my nose in other business but either you 're going to do it or do n't .
it 's not hard we do n't need the extra bs .
i 'm in pa as well and last summer we paid 325,000 for a 4bd/3ba with 1/2 acre lawn built in 2015 .
house was much cheaper than maryland but those pa property taxes and energy prices are a killer .
just checked and i can view this pay period .
after he played walt grace in toronto he said to be continued ... . could it be an extended version 10 minutes and 38 seconds ? ?
fuck all codeine and loads of paracetamol it 's schmuck juice
split screen is for 10 year olds at sleepovers and for drunk people .
that is one kind of gall but on plants the term broadly refers to a tumor or growth caused by a virus bacteria plant fungus nematode mite or insect
guti 's starts do n't even approach a quality start .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's someone named boober first name is nathan .
thank you the fake conversations between tails and sonic i am already having with this is cracking me up .
ah yes when it 's convenient for you you get to decide what violent actually means .
watch the video i linked and tell me that does n't look violent .
during one of the super bowls a few years ago .
and i was on the receiving end of it .
lost a bet to older guys and the next thing i know i had my clothes ripped off and i was at their mercy for the rest of the night .
but it was my uncle who fucked me first .
would n't surprise us if tesla opens a gf in far western china using chained uighur workers in an education camp .
eventually yes but that can be pirated eventually so i need to make shure i get that settled .
eventually i am gon na set up a website for that
if this submission makes you go hol'up '' upvote this comment !
if this submission does not make you go hol'up '' downvote this comment !
whilst you 're here u/burger_heist why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/holup ?
i also think it 's odd that he never speaks about any of it to like back it up and say he wanted to when people say shit about it .
just seems odd i know i would speak about it even though he does n't really post id still clear the air for my s/o but that 's just me
there is no reason we ca n't walk and chew bubblegum .
severely limiting access to bump stocks high capacity magazines assault rifles and all semi-automatic weapons would help .
a national database for all gun owners and their firearms would help .
proper licensing and training as we do for driver 's licenses would also help .
we only tried arming guards and teaching kids to duck under desks .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kzdkdjdkdjjg .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
the amount of attention this is getting is out of proportion
tk is your best chance at getting it fus by itself may work but might be hard to reclaim if you do n't know where it landed .
he literally uses bhs to panic roll away when he 's hurt lmao .
on my list of hero 's he is at the top next to keanu reeves
bruh just deadass stealing one of the top posts on the sub
post this because of xilinx and its automotive footprint and samsung and amd partnership .
am i connecting dots or am i just reaching ?
the school in ulvade had armed police on site who shot at the shooter .
the idea that good guys with guns is the answer is just gun industry propaganda advertising
no because it 's about the regular season they had not where they rank individually as a player at this point in time ... steph struggled for a large stretch and took himself out of the mvp and first team convo booker was consistent
i love his eye to beak ratio and his socks
stop worrying about her and start worrying about the fact that she robbed you
go immediately to the cops tell them what happened and let whatever happens ... happen
your post has been removed as it has been voted by the subscribers that it did not fit the subreddit .
please contact the mods message/compose ? to=/r/nobodyasked if you would like to appeal this .
it 's not a mental health problem it 's a child abuse problem that stems from putting children in minimum security prisons for the first 18 years of their life .
people focus on the shooting part when we really need to be worried about the school part .
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
semmi a cég azt akarja hogy integrálódjon a junior miközben tanul és maradjon ott a kevés fizuért akkor is ha már több tapasztalata van és el tud látni komoly munkát .
cégen belül jól néz ki ha egy-két év után kap egy bazi nagy emelést és ha nem tájékozódik ott is marad annyiért .
én kis cégnél vagyok junior nem it kiderült azért engem vettek fel nem egy tapasztalt mérnököt mert azt nem tudja akarja megfizetni a cég kérdés hogy akkor itt milyen továbblépési lehetőség van .
szóval szerintem főleg ez az oka keresik a lojális munkaerőt aki ott marad robotolni és fixen bejön nekik néha .
you should probably research lgbtq rights and the struggles we face .
a lot of people care who we are and fight our right to even exist .
this kid should be allowed to talk about his struggles .
i 've been watching ls for 4 years and whilst it 's true he primarily focuses on pro play he also talks a lot about solo queue .
it really is harder to argue with someone stupid rather than smart
st augustine would be a cool trip if youve never been
and the second amendment that gives americans the right to bear arms the killing will continue
the 2nd amendment just recognizes it and forbids the government from infringing upon it .
i was about to be quite flustered by yet another infect post ... but i was pleasantly surprised
also reminds me of a guy who at the start of the ole covid decided he was gon na make an infect deck to commemorate these trying times .
so everyone hated him 2x as much as we would a normal infect player
they really played hard and were a cohesive unit .
as many others have pointed out your cs example already works great without nfts and trading ingame items between different games is a technological nightmare that will probably never happen with or without nfts .
i gave you 2 vc funds with their portfolio of companies 2 top cis universities with courses that explain the use cases of blockchain/crypto including one that is taught by the current chairperson of the sec .
if you ca n't find use-cases from those resources then i do n't know what to tell you .
i can lead you to water but i ca n't make you drink it .
marc andreessen of a16z vc fund he authored some of the first web browswers .
brendan eich creator of javascript programming language now ceo of brave browswer and attention token .
i do n't think you 'll be able to name notable person in cs that 's adamantly against blockchain/crypto technology .
then look up the top 20 universities for cs majors .
i 'm pretty certain all 20 schools have courses focusing on it .
any competent engineer not updating and learning the subject is not going to be that competent for much longer .
a lot is also influenced by the local market .
if i only got 90k graduating with a b.s .
in computer science coming from an american university i 'd probably stay and go for a masters .
if i lived in canada 90k would n't have seemed completely insane .
if i lived in canada and graduated with a cs degree in 2022 i would probably just move to america .
i just graduated and i only get 70k business major and 2 of my frds who majored in cs make like 105k base bonuses stock comp .
here 's a consideration for buying more puts on amazon .
i had a prime membership and rarely used it for any of the benefits .
shipping speed was n't a necessity whenever there were plenty of still free shipping options just slightly slower .
after the cancellation then i made a purchase and they had offered the 30 day trial which i clicked through fast enough that i did n't want to activate it but did .
oh well another month and i 'll set a reminder .
went to cancel and they offered to extend it again .
if they extend it again this coming month when i go to cancel then this is 6 free months of 'extensions '' in a row .
someone needing to prop up the numbers for prime memberships ?
hmm ... kind of odd and reminds of my time years ago when i worked for america online in cs at a call center .
i was in-house tech support billing and retention at times since i could rotate .
anyways whenever i 'd rotate into billing or retention then i 'd see the account 's activities for billing and services .
it was not uncommon to see 1-year trials that were extended every 1 3 6 months .
the longest i ever saw was someone had two accounts that were being pushed out on trial like clockwork every time they called in for 17-18 months .
it was given out like candy for just connecting on a call .
sometimes people would n't even know how many accounts they had created or that they were on some perpetual cycle just for keeping accounts active .
some were pretty pissed off and i could understand when i 'd see log history of calls every 3 months a cancellation request a refund for the charge they did n't know they were getting and then another 3 or 6 month trial process started again .
fast forward a couple of years and they shut down that center for outsourcing to india along with 2 or 3 others in the country .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aol anyways this gave me hints of perpetual trials in order to prop up actual numbers as they decline instead of a mass reporting in them .
celz down 72 percent now under a dollar lmao holy shit man i 'm getting crushed r/pennystocks/comments/uvv61q/daily_plays_may_23_2022/i9pv0zh
ceo should 've at least waited until earnings so their employees can stock up on puts .
ceos should really just not visit countries to try and win business for their companies time to touch some grass r/stocks/comments/uvfz2b/maybe_the_worst_pr_week_for_elon_and_tesla_ever/i9ncxrj
have you ever had the opportunity to use win ce ?
yep they named the os wince and they were right .
win ce still runs on a ton of embedded systems today .
ceos to jim keep my company 's name out of your fking mouth !
according to a report from coresight research http investors.ae.com/overview/default.aspx on jan. 21 2021 .
fwiw the analysts i follow suggest their aerie intimates brand is the key to growth at aeo .
ratings range from neutral 15 to buy 31 but the whole mall-based retail sector is about to get re-rated at lower pe ratios so consider waiting for that shakeout to settle before buying in .
i bought aeo during covid sell off around 6 share for a quick trade .
i 'm not a buyer now ... if it dips under 7 this summer then i may consider a small position and sell after back to school or xmas run-up .
risky though because not sure how many kids/parents are buying new clothes with inflation gas food prices skyrocketing .
aeo and anf are in a similar boat and anf just cut outlook for the year .
aeo will face the same challenges and will likely go lower in coming weeks/months .
i would n't try to catch the falling knife right now .
i do n't think it 's a good investment either but i disagree with your contention .
aeo is much closer to clothiers like hollister a f aeropostale and forever 21 where the average age of buyers is below 18 .
it makes sense that you have n't purchased anything there in five years as they cater to a specific audience and you most likely outgrew those parameters .
however much like children wearing rl shirts the market is really for a different age group .
so i think you are making a good choice but i would point out that kids might have quite a bit of spending money right now .
labor force participation rate among 16-19 year olds is the highest it has been since the financial crisis and there the unemployment rate is the lowest since the financial crisis too .
that should tell you this labor market is drawing people in .
at the low end of the income spectrum there have generally been real wage gains .
so how can we square that with anf 's quarter ?
well there quarter from a revenue stand point was actually a record first quarter .
so demand is n't the issue it seems for them .
the issue was on the cost side leading to negative eps .
aeo has outperformed anf on a revenue growth side .
they do have a big issue that they are overhauling their logistics business and that will drag on earnings even more than maybe anf .
so not trying to say that you should buy aeo you probably should n't but a demand side story is n't what the data is pointing towards .
i 'm gon na go all in on 14.5 aeo puts and ride the volatility to sell before earnings .
offload it if price starts rising which i do n't think it will .
kid must not have seen why happened to the guy bothering tyson on the airplane .
or that one guy that charlie zelenoff kid that wilder wiped out with 2 punches and stopped himself from beating severely
participation trophies started becoming a thing around when i was in late elementary and middle school .
we all thought they were stupid and made fun of the kids who got them and most of the kids who got them did n't like them either so they were in on the joke .
i 've heard some dumb shit in my life but this takes the cake .
if your feet hurt then buy some better shoes .
4 months is not bad i just think they need to keep us in the loop on it so we can be prepared the devs do a terrible job of providing info !
even with all the crazy bugs in the game the devs do an excellent job with their blog post
i 'm a fan of anything new that is n't a hero .
they ca n't even keep up with the heroes they have now but keep adding more .
you can only have so many move sets before they start to feel similar .
how many times can you implement a dodge/bash hero or unblockable feint hero before it becomes repetitive ?
i just want a flair for the weather '' archetype .
it 's my favorite deck to play right now .
here 's the thing i like episode 7 and 8 hated 9 but that 's not the point i 've had it for robothead since the day he opened his electric jaw .
the thing is i 'm actually more toxic in real life then he is on the internet because i enjoy chose and fighting so i would love to get in an argument with him .
interesting so the teahouse is some sort of underground informant meet-up
i 've always thought this was just such an obvious solution all these years ... .
who cares what he likes if what he likes is putting you at risk ?
i would recommend revisiting therapy on your own to discuss how to go about rekindling these relationships .
a therapist will be able to offer some insight on how his perspective came to be and any underlying reasoning behind his behaviour and on how to go about addressing/accommodating that moving forward .
i guarantee you there is valid reasoning to his behaviour regardless of how inappropriate or toxic it may have been .
that needs to be given some weight and care in the situation .
even if he is n't ready to do therapy you attending could make a really positive impact in all of these relationships involving him .
i always thought it was bad luck to label balls before you use them
i do n't think saitama has been dead inside for a while now .
he 's definitely been a lot happier engaging with friends of his own and doing more than just sit around buying discount groceries and punching monsters even if he has n't had the fight of his life .
i seriously doubt you 've read anything longer than a reddit comment and i suspect you need help for even that but try reading the bill again slowly and carefully if you 're capable .
it 's a slog because desantis clearly hates education for personal reasons but i promise you the whole thing is based in homophobia
the one argument i made that sex has been recreational since the dawn of man you conveniently pretended was n't an argument .
1420 pally here did n't took a dime for normal valtan .
anyone who says 4th is doing the same thing is probably just grouping everything that is n't bright girl crush/dark .
4th gen artists are on an impressive streak this year love dive tomboy tattoo/wonderland maniac the whole colorful trauma album jikjin shut down fearless/the great mermaid and this is from the top of my head
no it is more so that we liked jimmy and kim because they have done bad things but for somewhat understandable reasons .
it is hard to like jimmy and kim after howard 's endless suffering because there was n't much of a reason for them to do it outside of personal amusement and enjoyment .
a lot of people myself included just can not like them anymore because there really is n't anything defensible left for jimmy and kim .
time to put this predator away i 'm full of so much sadness and anger for our nation 's children right now .
especially in my homemade commander decks where i do n't have that nice cardboard version of their card .
helps me find the commander faster if it accidentally gets mixed in the deck
my neuro admitted me to the hospital for persistent headache over 3 weeks .
they should n't release you if you do n't have relief .
they always say to go to the hospital if it 's effecting your daily life or the worst headache of your life .
do n't suffer any longer than you have to .
i felt stupid for going to the hospital for a headache but tons of people do it .
if he was a true alpha male he would be eating people .
the top reasons people get bitten by dangerous snakes is because they are trying to be caught for id or because people are trying to kill them just do n't mess with the snakes .
call animal control or another similar service to come remove the animal for you
psychologist have said time and time again do not show their face their name .
just talk about victims otherwise you massively increase the odds of a copycat .
ca n't even report on these situations ethically to reduce risk so good luck with anything else
exactly my point of we outlaw guns their just find another way a killing
if you 're a true patriot make sure to join hexbear.net too https www.hexbear.net/c/okbuddycapitalist antifa headquarters
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/okbuddycapitalist if you have any questions or concerns .
if georgia does n't elect stacy abrams then snl should bombard the heard-hole with incest jokes .
58 42 documented is actually much closer than even i expected .
just buy new keys on amazon i would recommend keycaps that are semi transparent so the glow from the switch can go through
fuck daddy abuse my hole and breed it as you like 😈
how loving '' that fil gave you the reminder that jw 's are a total conditional cult .
their luv is only extended out to those who are in good-standing in their cult .
what a dick he is doing that at that point in time .
that 'd be the last time i 'd see him .
in fact i would n't even waste my time going to his funeral .
fuck these people who put their cult out over everything and everyone else .
we allowed people to pay to have inflammatory bots so that other people would pay to remove them
i could be wrong but i 'm pretty sure she 's either vegan or vegetarian ?
if you 're not getting enough nutrients over a long period of time and then you maybe go out for a weekend and eat a lot and drink a lot it basically puts you back at square one .
i would say she just has some inconsistency in her diet.. that would be my guess .
oh ye true the rosharan surges were still restricted though
just common sense to avoid bad situations and help cops doing their jobs as they are protecting us from bad people and we forget it too often nowadays .
if ultimately he do n't want to talk because it 's his rights then fine but do n't act like he did you can stop and talk like a decent human just to say without yelling that you do n't want to talk with them and you claim your rights .
everyone here just blindly talk about rights and freedom and forget common sense .
this kid is yelling and turning his back to police what does he thinks would happen ?
what message he is sending to them except i 'm hiding something '' ?
but yeah anyway i 'm taking a lot of hate just because i implied that maybe maybe stop and talk might avoid troubles .
if i was him i would be at home without any issues and this situation would have been long forgotten .
that 's maybe because i was n't raised like him i do n't yell at people i do n't turn my back to people talking to me and i do n't act entitled to someone polite to me i talk to you when you ask for it and especially when you work at keeping peace in my area because i know who 's against you and me and my family .
this situation could have been easily avoided if he did n't acted like a karen but yeah put that in your kids head our rights our rights our rights '' without talking about responsibilities it 's also our job as good citizens to help cops fight crime be it written on law or not it 's just common sense help cops help prevent crimes live in a better area because they stopped crime more efficiently .
vectorizing will prob be the fastest option if possible .
i make it part of a homework or exam — i ask them to fill it out and just answer yes/no to a question of whether they filled it out or not for a couple of points .
i ca n't verify if they really did or they are just saying yes given the anonymous nature of these things .
but perhaps because it requires them to actively make they choice to lie or lose points we have had 100 or close to 100 participation on the rating questions in the eval and 60-70 participation for the optional free form comments .
think of it like reading a far better version of the bible .
there are definitely dry books that are more so reference than story .
i recommend having a copy of the atlas of middle earth and using the encyclopedia of arda online as companions .
the atlas has some errors but they are minor compared to the benefits
jobs are plentiful and all pay a living wage now !
you gun fucks are the ones who threw that away because your obsession with a piece of metal was more important than actual rights .
however why not just make 4 aspects for the old subclasses that used to have like 5 aspects each
i asked if you would vote if you had the chance regardless of what people do and say not if you dont care thats not the point
i was wondering about this line i thought vasectomies were always permanent but op said they wanted kids eventually but not in us .
you should try these site that still allow explicit content .
the first one is fansly https fans.ly/application/form ? r=reddit !
! use reddt '' as your referral code to get 3 months promo from redditor.top ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansaddict if you have any questions or concerns .
forearm pump is brutal if you go to failure especially with single hand swings .
esp8266 gets the time via ntp cheaper than an rtc and triggers the relay at a set time .
the motor/gearbox came in a tamiya kit meant for diy cars but the gearbox gives it enough torque to pull the curtain open it 's a generic 3v brushed motor going through a 262-1 reduction .
the curtain has a single core of electrical ripcord threaded through the hook strings and attached at the far end which is what winds up on the motor shaft .
i initially used string but it caused more friction with the curtain and got tangled and frayed so far the electrical wire is working reliably .
it takes about 2 minutes to open the curtains .
well burnin sherman is laughing in heaven as they burn again in hell .
fuck you lee and jacksons men hated him so much they shot him lol
right but staffordshire bull terriers bull terriers and staffordshire bull terriers are not .
pitbulls are just mostly an amalgamation of those breeds .
but anyway the point of it is that if a dog breed is numerous enough they will have more numerous instances of biting .
hello i just want to know how the mouse is compared to these cheap wireless mice that you can get online for half the 895 price tag of the dasig .
like for it 's price is it worth it casual gaming/browsing wise ?
oh okay so i do n't have to worry since i use qooapp .
the problem you 're having with the vanguard is that its at a severe disadvantage this patch .
ai has gotten considerably better at tracking and hitting your ship .
at ert/vhrt level they will swarm your ship and they 're now capable of keeping up with you so you ca n't escape in anything bigger than a light fighter .
with your arrow you can just evade being hit .
s2 shields went from bubble like they are for light fighters to having a front and back face .
what this means is if the shields had 20k hp as a bubble shield an enemy had to shoot thru all 20k before they start hitting your hull .
now however that 20k gets distributed across 2 faces 10k front and 10k back .
that essentially halves the shield strength they have to get thru .
they could wipe out your rear shields and rip you to shreds while still having the full 10k front shield up .
that coupled with their ability to hit better and keep up with you makes bounties esp any with hurricanes much more challenging for any ships with s2 shields .
i used to solo ert 's with ease in my hoplite .
now i find even hrt 's challenging if i 'm not very careful and tactical in my approach .
most of the ones here are alright i like the toy guy the most but i say it 's the best because of vader and indiana jones .
i think that i could fulfil the breastfeeding for you .
i 'm currently inducing and am expecting a breast pump in the hopes of increasing my supply .
my baby is almost 6 weeks old and i do n't even own any socks for him .
why do n't they prove it are n't those calls recorded ?
bit they chose that they full well what the risk was .
the kids were just being kids going to school .
this post has been automatically removed because the link is broken or deleted .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
and kurds have been fighting for autonomy for 100 years .
under ataturk or saddam they 'll continue to fight .
do you support government mandated organ harvesting to save victim lives ?
what does this has to do with killing the baby ?
50 of abortions are done on couples who used birth control .
if their protection did n't work it does n't mean they are entitled to murder .
for me it was when she was crying at her village and luffy puts his hat on her .
i do n't understand why you 're being selfish just take him to a dahm vet
this is the wrong sub for this type of post .
it may be related to personal finance on a tangent but it 's not the core topic of the post .
please try any of these subs depending on your needs
if you believe your post has been removed in error please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/ukpersonalfinance subject=please 20review 20my 20post body=/r/ukpersonalfinance/comments/uxfq9l/offered_remote_job_turns_out_it_isnt_work_from explaining why.
gender fluid people just need to spend some time in a freezer if they wan na be gender solid smh my head
back in the day when it first came out i heard that song on jackass .
just needs the catchy theme tune and smiling old man telling me not to breathe the default cube smoke
they used to do it automatically if you set it up but they had stopped long before they changed the website to the useless pos it is now .
bro the post got removed by mods and im just confused
i 've deleted nothing i have n't said anything about a website to help you
this is the best answer found on that thread not mine but very complete
the census department actually lays out a fantastic non-bias reason for doing such at least in the census .
basically hispanics people can be from a variety of different ethnic or racial or location backgrounds and the question is there to just collect the data to get more advanced and discrete data for anyone doing a survey .
though many respondents expect to see a hispanic latino or spanish category on the race question this question is asked separately because people of hispanic origin may be of any race s .
the census bureau collects these data in accordance with the 1997 office of management and budget standards on race and ethnicity .
omb requires federal agencies to use a minimum of two ethnicities in collecting and reporting data hispanic or latino and not hispanic or latino .
omb defines hispanic or latino '' as a person of cuban mexican puerto rican south or central american or other spanish culture or origin regardless of race .
people who identify with the terms hispanic '' or latino '' are those who classify themselves in one of the specific hispanic or latino categories listed on the american community survey questionnaire and various census bureau survey questionnaires mexican mexican am. chicano '' or puerto rican '' or cuban '' as well as those who indicate that they are another hispanic latino or spanish origin . ''
results from this question we compile the results from this question to provide communities with important statistics about the hispanic population and to present other estimates by hispanic or latino origin .
you can see some of these published statistics here for the nation states and your community .
oh man im gon na rewatch joker now 3rd time the movie is so good
the problem is that the first two models s and x were expensive and are still expensive and often owned by very rich ppl bc they are both on avg 120k cars even tho the y and 3 are still expensive many ppl are confused by the lineup and all think they are 100k
awesome cosplay just wondering if you got some crazy draw across body or left handed for your sawd off ?
there 's only 82 spots left at the 1 option
but please do take a moment to remind yourself that this is reddit those that stop to review this comment will either already be in agreeance or will shit on you for suggesting to them liberal propoganda '' .
it 's unfortunate because of how important this legislature is .
i 'll wear earrings sometimes but that 's it .
you 're at the gym to move and get sweaty nobody cares about your accessory game .
you and i are trapped in a realm where all of that is happening .
we 're both suffering as long as we 're here on earth .
and i am timeless and selfless which means i am currently in the holocaust right now i 'm watching the bomb drop on hiroshima i 'm taking my last breath a billion times over and at the same time i 'm typing all of this .
i was never born and i will never die .
we have a minimum account-age and karma required to post if you see this message it means your account is below these numbers .
all accounts must be at least 24 hours old and have an undisclosed amount of post and/or comment karma awarder and awardee karma are not yet supported .
please refer to these help articles to understand what karma is and how it works
exact karma requirements are not made public to avoid abuse .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
i cried with the horses i cared for when i left my toxic barn job fuck that job but i do miss giving them kisses .
caveat really scared me almost to the point of not liking it 😂
and then i 'm really into host not the host but just host it came out in 2020 which i thought was really clever poltergeist horror and had a few really scary moments
after exhausting all of my ideas of nothing i 'm feeling very tired and like i need to rest .
this is cute but my first thought was johnny cash 's little brother ... .
you could ignore sakic 's playing career and he still has a better career as a gm than reaves has as a player .
that 's one of the things i admire about him .
he goes out of his way to be nice to his staff and entourage and treats everyone the same .
it 's a lot to say for someone of his celebrity .
everyone who met him in person has mentioned how nice and generous he is .
there is a post a few above this saying screw any influencer for saying silent tonight .
but now they are screwed if they are asking how they can help .
respond and tell them exactly how they can help !
yes they are they always need to be where they are not and they are both a tidbit edgier than i would like .
i have a big platonic love for kerry and rogue but it 's not going to happen .
i never knew of river saying he was willing to go to orbit to save her from that damn hospital .
i do n't plan on siding with the suits ever again but i 'm joining team river d
there 's a huge difference between caring for a person personally and caring about fellow humans in the abstract .
dunbar 's number does n't mean that you can only care about 100 people it means that you can only form personal bonds with about 100 people .
i would say that 1984 babies are on the cusp of a 90s teenager .
i get your thinking but this person is so stupid that further engaging with the scammer will result in them losing everything .
yes i just want to fill you up while you 're out of this world
also you realize that having more guns around leads to more gun deaths naturally and not faked .
i 'm trying to make you realize these two thoughts are contradictory i guess that makes me a dickhead .
thanks for posting u/papislittlepawg.to all the people commenting feel free to give your honest opinion but comments must be free from insults ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickwhitegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's misleading it assumes all of the us owns a gun .
the reality is only about 30 of the us own all the guns .
so it 's really only 1.32 of the global population own 42 of the guns .
i got ta say the story that the artist provided now has me learning about the race class and other stuff i 'm terrible at making up my own stories but i love listening to others tell theirs !
it looks like a regular foot wtf we really body shaming over toes now ?
no difference in headlights other than early models that had afs which was an optional addition
let 's stop pretending the elite left and right are n't in a spoken or unspoken symbiotic paradigm that benefits only themselves .
we are extras on a grand stage of their excess .
so lem me be clear this country ai n't democratic and it 's certainly not even a fair capitalistic economy .
trump was right about one thing if nothing else it is all is rigged .
we are the sheep at the mercy of the wolf whom we appoint to pick and choose who among us is next to go .
we will continue doing pointless shit like i 'm doing right now and commenting online when we should be doing something .
wheat causes inflammation so painful i ca n't do hardly anything with my hands the following day sometimes hours after .
i already have early arthritis from hyper flexibility but that just takes it up to 11 .
have n't been back to talk to my doctor since figuring it out so no idea what the deal is .
there are alternative condoms but they 're a bit more expensive or used to be .
i mean ... ..it is an abortion medically speaking right ?
i 've had an abortion and obviously do n't think that it 's a sin but as far as their logic is concerned ... ..how is it different ?
i get that the procedure is different but based on their whole idea that it 's murder would any intervention be considered murder no matter what ?
or have churches come out to say god is cool with it for the life of the mother ?
i was n't raised in a church so i 'm genuinely asking because i do n't get it .
obviously these people are n't homogenous but like what is leadership saying ?
does she even belong to an official sect or is she in like an indie church or backyard home church ?
it 's complete cruel theatre how shootings has become such a common occurrence that they work with the same routine pattern of mass slaughter followed by political toilet paper and games of it 's this party 's fault ! ''
or we need to put in place this obscene method ! ''
we 're not american and i try not to think too much of the horrors from over there because i do n't want to lose myself in them .
however it hurts when a close one calls you teary eyed to tell you that children died because of some armed lunatic and a country 's failure to protect its citizens .
and realistically chances are nothing will come out of it and it will just be added to the grim pile of genocides only to be topped by another future instance .
i have n't read much into it but there was apparently a teacher who died trying to cover the classroom .
if so i can only wish i had that level of courage .
may they all rest in peace away from this ugly place .
bro no homo keep it buzzed and women will flock
i suppose when they have a collective iq matching a loaf of bread we should probably give them a break huh ?
it 's an xbox one and xbox 360 disc .
the statement you made in your comment applies to a majority of people .
your genetics allow you to be an outlier to it .
thank you i 'm incredibly appreciative of your support even though i ca n't put it in proper words right now .
no reason to make everyone on the block who is not in a car suffer .
i do n't want to scare you but if he is fired and unstable that could put you at a higher risk maybe for a short time but i dont think it 's something to be dismissed entirely right now .
presumably you can decline to proceed further your lawyer will likely know basic local criminal law in that regard if you do n't want to and after some time has passed but i think having made a report and potentially the guy being aware he is on their radar could be helpful to you .
of course all of it is your decision and a lawyer is a great first step i 'm glad you can access that much anyway and that you have a supportive partner !
i 'd definitely suggest you with work if it comes up separate the issue of your husband confrontation from your work situation ultimately he too was threatened and his actions were his own i cant imagine your work would try and claim the death threat against him was confidential work information you wee not allowed to share outside work ... though i expect your lawyer might enjoy them trying it !
i forget the guys name but the project manager is the final say on content .
i have looked at finlands laws for owning guns and in general i like them .
if we could go back to square one and implement them i think it would be great .
problem is the cats out of the bag now and there are so many guns that having a licensing program would be meaningless unless everyone went through it or forfeited their arms .
that 's something that wo n't happen and would cause even more bloodshed than we already have .
the us does not tie gun ownership to education training or responsibility .
current gun control in restrictive states is so pants on head stupid in many ways that it 's no wonder there is little support to further it from the gun crowd .
any sort of national gun control would have to come with reform of existing laws to have any support from gun owners .
for example the fact that suppressors are an nfa item is ridiculous .
flash hiders adjustable stocks pistol grip regulations would have to go and states would have to get onboard ny and california looking at you .
gun laws would need a complete overhaul for any popular support to happen .
i thought you finally decided to be a big boy club when you bought ndombele for 55 mil lo celso for 40 etc ?
it got a lot easier to deal with over time and checking ingredients on everything is just an automatic part of my life now .
the first 2 years were really very frustrating just figuring out how to buy groceries cook eat with friends etc .
best of luck to you guys and hang in there !
i am also way more healthier now and am able to do stuff like hiking and running that was definitely not possible before !
the correct nationality/ethnic demonym s for somalis is somali .
it 's a common mistake so do n't feel bad .
for other nationality demonym s check out this website here https www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/people/nationality/adjective
running for president in 2008 or whenever was when he really showed his clown shoes before pulling out the outfit stumping for trump
i want karl from in range tv to run this in a match .
i do n't know why but this gun makes me so happy .
op thank you for posting this it made my day .
i rode the park today and it was awesome .
already conditions have improved since it opened on the 19th things have dried a bit and some more trails are open .
ca n't predict the weather but i bet in mid june all of fitzsimmons trails lower lift will be open if garbanzo opens by then it will probably be muddy and limited there 's a lot of snow mid mountain and up skiing only closed yesterday on blackcomb haha .
mid june is still kind of a quiet part of the year so should n't be too busy mid week
also i would argue that what katie did to drew while he was drunk was more along the lines of rape .
he broke up with her and she basically manipulated him and told him that he was n't thinking clearly and could n't make such a decision on his own essentially just disagreeing with their breakup and then she forced herself on him .
unfortunately your submission was removed because you must verify first .
if you want to know how to verify please read the verification instructions http www.reddit.com/r/tributeme/wiki/verification .
if this is your verification attempt please make a new post and make sure to include verification '' in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tributeme if you have any questions or concerns .
tax dodgers get away with this shit all the time
not in spain even the best tax experts do n't understand whats going there .
money is n't going to protect them from a leftist government or a stickler tax authority .
the richest pay minimal tax for a reason mate .
they can afford the people and structures that allow them to optimize their taxes that average people ca n't afford yes .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
before modern free agency 1995 there was no such thing as no trade clauses so guys moved around a lot more via trade not to mention you could straight up buy players .
i do n't exactly collect them but when i see a cool deck on sale for really cheap i get it .
their cards are gorgeous it 's like i want almost all of them .
as someone who works 40 hours a week i do n't find anything wrong with consuming mindless entertainment .
everyone ca n't be a monk or a prophet as a hobby .
deeply loving that you can customize the pronouns for she/they type folks and similar .
the volunteer moderator team challenges you to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/hotwifechallenges/wiki/hwcgetverified the link works now !
perks of verification include custom user flair and an invitation to the community chatroom https www.reddit.com/r/hotwifechallenges/wiki/hotwifechat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotwifechallenges if you have any questions or concerns .
the best way is to make it only accessible with a vpn .
i would generally not trust a qnap machine open to the internet .
if you must do it then make sure the qnap machine ca n't access your local network in case it gets compromised .
you should put it in it 's own lan and not allow it to get to your other networks .
i would not trust a qnap machine to be your vpn gateway .
if it gets compromised you are giving access to your local network and possibly everyone elses network that is connected to the vpn .
there are just too many vulnerabilities to trust qnap or synology .
also funny that dobby and fleur just showed up again .
the ichor ball is always in this room for me .
have never entered this room and not seen it floating in the middle .
two days away from summer and most likely going on planned vacations with their families .
lives senselessly taken forever leaving so many people with a lifetime of grief .
and the leaders of one particular party will have their moments of silence yet do everything in their power to not do a single thing about it .
it 's absolutely fucking pathetic that nba coaches are showing more outrage than the elected people with the ability to change things .
it 's upsetting yet important that you ca n't escape the tragedy even in this sub .
we as a country do n't deserve to be able to not pay attention and sweep things like this under the rug .
i this that alien sphere from the movie sphere 1998 with dustin hoffman and samuel l jackson ?
this is not your marriage to have an opinion woman .
but if you feel that entitled to ask her and find out
t o u c h e d g i r l .
l a t e r v i r g i n s .
after living trough so much more depression in my youth than normal because of certain events i now do n't have a life goal only the wish to just live peacefully not becoming rich successful or famous but not being in debt or problems and just chilling my life ...
18 kids 3 adults and the toll is expected to rise 😔
the issue is not only that if she does crazy stuff with the other dude but not with you then it 's going to be another problem .
even if the video is from the past how long before she is going to crave that experience again while she is with you .
wales has the potential to spearhead a fully bilingual education from 3-18 i really hope the government is able to achieve it in a few years ' time !
so long as it 's a good song it can be a totally made up language for all i care so long as i enjoy it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
nobody thought lebron would miss 26 games or that ad would miss 42 .
sure they might miss some games here and there but certainly not more than 25 each .
even when he looked okay the conversation was still largely about his terrible fit .
of course in retrospect the move was even worse than anyone could have imagined but as i originally said people thought it was a bad move to begin with .
am i dumb or is there no white line ?
i know you guys down in florida know a little about that swamp land lol
yeah if a card has magicgate tech like the ones i source fmcb will install .
most of the 64mbs do n't have it but the ones i get do
my bil just found his old pikachu pedometer thing ca n't remember exactly what it 's called and gave it to my sister when the one she uses for running crapped out .
the only problem is that everyone 's taken by their sister 's
damn ... almost swore zib missed an empty net.. as is tradition
i hate that i need to delete a chat on my laptop and go to my iphone a delete again the same chat !
it 's possible the battery is sliding around in the controller and not staying touched to both pins .
depending on the extent of the issue fixes could be as simple as wrapping a rubber band around the battery to stop it from moving to as complicated as soldering an extension to one of the posts .
he 's tidy and willing to run in behind and swedes are very excited to see him grow .
i say this as someone who overall is n't particularly impressed by his ability .
but if a player as hyped for the top as martial can turn out to be such a dud then elanga can turn out however he wants .
young players can turn out in the most unexpected ways both for the good and for the bad .
obviously not every kid can turn out like salah but predicting how youth players will turn out is pretty much impossible for the most part .
just needs to put his head down and grind .
i am cherokee and pawnee keep on drumming and singing .
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of this sub is using the reddit chat feature to find chat partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
posts with external chat app info or giving a preference to something other than reddit chat will be removed and poster possibly banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyredditchat if you have any questions or concerns .
i had a crush on this guy since 5th grade .
my mom was our seventh grade teacher and she would always tell me how he acted differently when i was gone a lot quieter and more reserved .
a few years later and we start high school and i finally work up the nerve to tell him i like him turns out everybody knew we liked each other but us .
most women i meet just wo n't date a guy shorter than them
i thought he could be a decent poacher then i saw his composure 😰
yes to what you are saying i have been on this for years and with some help and research i have been successful on this with some marketing and plan recommend .
if you do n't mind i share you my experience on this .
and even if there was some movement with a portion of the republican base in favor of gun control the gun nuts are a commanding force in primaries that any republican seeking to be re-elected would n't dare cross .
anything that we could get done would be largely toothless and only help in some cases ie universal background checks .
beto o'rourke is one of the few actually being honest about the kind of policies it would take to make a meaningful change and even then only regarding this specific kind of mass shooting to tackle gang violence you need buybacks and heavy restrictions on handguns too which are a non-starter .
this is an issue where there 's nothing to do but accept the grim political reality .
not the best look to not have money cause some boys would just want the money !
then you get a lawsuit ... not personal experience or anything !
everyplace is an option if you are creative enough and have space
we maintain a list of challenges https www.reddit.com/r/hotwifechallenges/wiki/challenges that range from mild to wild .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotwifechallenges if you have any questions or concerns .
haha i meant die a hero and become a villain both apply to ! kelsier !
he 's not good enough to keep rodrygo on the bench every single game so rodrygo would still play and gnabry can also play back up striker as well .
1 year left and wants to leave so it makes sense
if i respond to your statement with first of all ... . '' understand i have graphs and sources and i 'm going to destroy you '' some internet meme idk
the joke is that tucson has five seasons fall winter spring dry summer wet summer .
the rains start roughly halfway through summer which is why often june shows up as the hottest time of the year .
the winter is also a rainy season with spring dry summer and fall being the dry seasons desert dry .
tucson is the only place i 've lived in where people get happy when it rains and the mountains will turn green and it will be totally worth the wait .
hello your post has been automatically removed because your account is less than seven days old or you have not met the total combined karma of 10 points .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
we were planning on going to a club that night .
it 's like a quote from a lazy ron swanson meme
you have no clue how total return swaps work do you ?
hint the swap counterparty has to own the shares .
piece of sh*t taking advantage of a tragedy for political attention .
i hope they do that wall of fire effect somehow .
the show was so effective at using the throne room to make the fire lord look untouchable
maybe if you actually bothered to listen to the interview you 'd hear how she talks about artists like miranda stapleton and eric who are based more so in the americana side than the contemporary country side have far more creative freedom and arguably more artistic integrity than your mainstream label stars like thomas rhett or chris lane who are glorified country stars the divide is in creativity and art does it have something to do with politics ?
not entirely and there 's a case maybe but that was n't the argument whatsoever
i went to game 2 of sixers and also was pissed no shirts
the only thing that the galaxy s22 is going to have over the pixel 6 is a relatively more stable connection to your carrier network .
i 've encountered several signal drops with my pixel 6 pro over the 5 months of owning the device even though signal is strong and i 'm nearby a cell tower .
granted the past few monthly updates have improved my overall experience and reduced the frequency of bugs .
they do persist still but at a much lower rate .
every other category besides cell service the pixel can easily trade blows with the samsung .
camera quality is solid performance is snappy and you have the max option of 512 gb if you really need the storage .
at this point it 's just a matter of preference with the software experience do you prefer the feature-rich utility of oneui or the pure simplicity of stock android ?
is using conservation of angular momentum correct to get the new tangential velocity ?
i thought so because the gravitational force acting on the system is perpendicular to the normal tangential momentum of the object so it should n't change the angular momentum right ?
i think i get your point but you should really reword it it sounds like you 're saying you 're not attracted to a certain race in this
nope we are talking about the current one as that is what is going on .
we 've actually made incredible progress when it comes to fires .
they are far far far less likely than they used to be .
anyone know where i can get the shirt punk has on ?
keep working on refining the basics and you 're headed in the right direction !
he was also a huge cynic laughing at everyone one and everything but with an inate tenderness that makes him all the more iconic and wonderful .
it 's not about the training course itself it 's about human interactions.. unwell people are almost always going to raise alarm bells .
you have to be able to talk and conduct yourself to do things like pass a license .
conversations interactions etc.. all give at least a chance of stopping deranged people from following through .
my guess is he has to work and he could n't get off
knowing she-ra they could probably rush it into a single episode alone lol but in all seriousness i could see it being set up in a movie which would be expanded on more in a sequel series
i have a normal life as you describe it but those things are not my purpose in life .
my purpose in life is to find as many ways as possible to make the world a better place for all of us .
infinite could make a carbon copy of reach 's ui and i would be totally content
hopefully there employees saw a good boost in their wages from this .
why would i put a murder on my conscious just to stop insurance from buying me a new tv ?
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
writing three sentences was n't much of an inconvenience .
just seemed odd to me that comment was getting such a negative response did n't think my initial comment would even warrant a response from anyone .
he try 's to control your behavior to suit his opinions and that is n't ok .
he put you in an embarrassing situation because he needs that control .
can you deal with this for 50 more years ?
that 's all i can recall about the channel atm the video i remember the most was that top 15 smallest animals '' .
i tried looking it up on youtube using filters and the title i remember but nothing really came up since the channel name and the video title i remember are kinda generic .
i 'm chilean my first language is spanish so i 'm sorry if there are any mispellings on the post
i kinda figured you took the picture yourself when google images did n't return anything .
it also would n't surprise me if the company in question just like ... continued selling the scale with the same screwy manual this entire time .
he said in his post they were n't going to say anything until the baby was born but changed their minds
so we should help our children empower themselves in the future .
probably.. but could have just said not interested and that would have been the end of it..now chad is going to order uber eats and pizza for delivery to this guys house everyday for the next month.. that is without the fire brigade police and uber drivers arriving at all hours..
if an american responded with doing well thanks '' and then went on to order what would you think about that interaction
then you can downvote if it really is trolling .
if it is obvious trolling they 'd get downvoted to oblivion anyway .
your mistake was thinking that reddit is any better than other sites like facebook .
great results 👏 👏 👏 👏 posting some more good news soon 🤫😉
it was 93.8 at midterms adv and calc were higher tho
i do n't think a bridging program like your envisioning exists .
the closest thing would probably be a post graduate accelerated nursing program where you go 2 years straight through full time .
remember rich girls paint super cars pink and they look awful
stoked to have lindsey 's mean girl bullshit called out to her face but they better hold o 's feet to the fire in the same way .
just make shure you have a therapist before u read it
should drive around an ask for prices maaco like 700 single stage if you do n't plan on keeping it for long
op sent the following text as an explanation on why this is unexpected
is this an unexpected post with a fitting description ?
look at my source code on github https github.com/artraxon/unexbot what is this for ?
jonathan 's multiple monkey crawls is really turning jeff on .
man slapped with compound fine for littering at kampong batu marang
the department of environment parks and recreation jastre issued a bnd300 compound fine on a man on tuesday for disposing trash at a public premise at kampong batu marang .
the individual who the department identified as roniadiwan bin tajuddin was caught on cctv tossing trash into the public premise .
the fine was issued under section 12 1 chapter 30 of the miscellaneous offences act .
the man is given seven days to settle the fine and failure to do so will result in the case being brought to court .
if found guilty a further fine of no less than bnd1,000 and no more than bnd3,000 will be handed while subsequent offences will see a penalty of no less than bnd3,000 and no more than bnd9,000 fine or imprisonment of no less than six months .
jastre reminded the public and companies to ensure the cleanliness of the surrounding environment is maintained .
notice how we always expect it to start getting better from now on but things always just get worse ?
dumbasses not saying dumbass things is cool and good actually
what 's your rh and do you have good circulation ?
how to get laid on tinder how i banged 16 new girls in 5 weeks https www.reddit.com/r/teenhdporn/comments/s7lxrv/how_to_get_laid_on_tinder_how_i_banged_16_new
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenhdporn if you have any questions or concerns .
75-80 of women can not cum through penetrative sex alone .
and to all you guys who believe you have a magic cock you do n't .
society has socialized women to defer to and put the needs of their male partner and his fee fees first .
get a vibrator and stimulate the clit at the same time .
some gnarly pops but they all went away with a wet clean definitely nothing wrong with the pressing/records .
what i want to comment on is the sleeve .
this is by far like almost too far the thickest sleeve
like ... it 's kind of ridiculous how thick it is no ?
i 'm not complaining and it does feel like the 50 price was at least going toward something tangible .
it 's just ... like billy it does n't need to be like this .
excuse me my 5lb mellon collie just arrived ... !
if he does n't tell you that and you wait a few days to get back to him you 'll be pissed that you had no idea it might be gone .
right now there are dealers willing to pay wholesale that is equal to what some dealers are asking retail .
if we ca n't get a customer who we can make reserve added product and whatever on might as well send it to auction .
i 'm asking what type of prefix and type of weapons are you interested in for your q2515 tesla ?
i 've only ever seen it happen when talking to hagrid be it tlsq main story or creature quest
edit oh and sometimes during flying class penny switched with merula
if your money makes money '' without you doing anything e.g .
owning a business you do n't actually work at any form of investment landlordism etc
the article says they 've developed a growth medium that is not derived from fetal cells and that the cells used to grow the meat are from existing cell lines .
you 're saying people need to be ethical civil and kind .
what do you want done to get us there ?
i have a 4 year old in my preschool class who does this at highly social structured parts of our day like morning meeting and dance class .
usually i tell him if he does n't want to participate he can draw/read a book/hold a stuffie or i can sit with him if he 's feeling nervous .
sometimes he goes to do another activity sometimes just having me next to him helps him regulate .
either way i always discreetly ask him to wash his hands after they 've been in his pants .
i think about this every night when i take my dog out to the toilet and take a piss myself .
it just pops into my head and i can not change that .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/unusualvideos/comments/uxkt47/difficulty_level_brazil
ca n't multitask just like she says i ca n't
in my experience anyone can multitask when none of your tasks are important or demanding .
i can multitask like a motherfucker when i 'm doing trivial shit but i prefer to spend my time doing non-trivial shit which means that i simply do n't have the bandwidth to multitask .
7.01 this winter i was mainly just lifting though so it prob 6.9 now
if you both get turned on from eachother being turned on does it create a feedback loop of horny ?
if ligue 1 is farmer so are the other 2 then
are you sure you are n't just traveling the world in a private jet spending a week in an italian villa the weekend in hong kong then off to party in rio losing track of what time zone you 're in ?
the police should be dispanded and replaced with a competent police force that 's held accountable by the public and by elected officials .
dispanding the police and not replacing them with an actual peacekeeping force would lead to a society where the only rule of law is firepower or strength .
which is the exact situation we 're trying to get rid of by disbanding the police .
we ca n't keep the current system but do n't we need a new system not a lack of one ?
after over 40 hours of going precinct by precinct i have finished a precinct map of the primary .
41 counties had no precinct by precinct results or had incomplete data as in some precincts had vote totals for say dolan and mandel but not vance or some combination of the candidates .
vance and mandel competed in the rurals but dolan surprisingly won quite a few rural precincts .
dolan as expected did well in the areas democrats typically won perhaps crossover support ? .
mandel did alright in the rurals but lost to vance in them more often than not .
dolan also did well in the richer areas perhaps signaling a split between among class in voter preference .
what made you use seo framework over rank math why not use rank math if it has the other functionalities ?
is it just preference i was told rank math is the simplest to you .
obrigado por sua contribuição mas contas com menos de 10 karma não podem postar ou comentar no r/sexualidade .
tal restrição existe para evitar spammers e contas throwaway que aparecem no sub para pedir ou oferecer conteúdo erótico .
caso não sabia o que é karma este link https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/pt-br/articles/204511829-o-que c3 a9-karma text=no 20reddit 2c 20o 20seu 20karma exibida 20publicamente 20no 20perfil 20dela .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexualidade if you have any questions or concerns .
he has a 31.6 k-bb as a just-turned-19 year old in aa this year .
just better hope the innocent person does n't miss when stress is high and every second counts !
mmm i 'm more hoping just a few cute black guys know
spell to melee/ability melee to spell/ability ability to spell/melee .
please i could use some positive news and advice 🙏 🙂
bacon buttermilk eggs topped choice or waffles of style smoked maple served a two smoked your whipped cream any of and and two side.syrup with ham
honestly i 've tried dark night clubs and had no luck .
went to a bath house with a gay bar both on the inside and met really nice guys that took me on dates .
the right guy will come along you just have to be patient .
i met my spouse by renting a room off him he knew i was trans .
we have definitely had our fair share of problems but we worked through them .
i had to bring to light his bad habits at the same time he brought up mine .
now we have a relationship where we better eachother .
wipe out 2 squads and make it to top 10 ?
you are still looking at negative 20 points in gold 4 .
ive moderately invested thus far but was doing this strat in white maps before i could up the difficulty .
basically the strat payed for the gear upgrades which then in turn allowed me to invest more difficulty thus more currency into the maps basically a nice gameplay cycle .
i do a 13 hour shift everyday with 2 hours of traveling yet i do n't feel tired thanks to retention and sleep of 5-6 hours .
it 'd be hard to keep my hands off .
had to have it removed in the emergency room .
i 'm resistant to anesthesia so i felt some of the cutting .
😱 the wound is now packed with surgical packing .
i am one of those people that came to ask if my bugs were bedbugs .
i 'm a mattress store owner and was a little distraught when i saw bugs near my beds .
clearly you cant even read i 'm not gon na waste my time good day
just make sure she complains with your rules if you asked her to come back to certain hour she has to .
i 've met some people who assume as long as they 're two left they can repopulate .
i feel pending a dramatic sudden reversal humanity 's current course will doom a vast number of animals .
the remaining mono-cultures will be especially vulnerable to disease .
biodiversity is a hedge against collapse of ecological systems .
damn so how can i find it and remove it ?
it 's hard even living in austin where everyone will absolutely vote blue but we 're surrounded by 100x red counties that will need a georgia level campaign to turn blue
this comment really displays the economic/financial literacy of the average leftist .
fucking idiot it should be obvious the team gets their powers from the facial hair
so many pointless midfield turnovers nobody wanting to shoot the ball pathetic defending .
this loss hurts a lot the draw broke our way and we screwed it up .
now my cacti have to be sacrificed so i can really enjoy this
unless he dropping seed phrases or clicks shaggy links his crypto is fine .
and there are so many coins to mine ... for me it 's all been hobby and fun and learning ... .
when pos happens i 'll mine something for sure ... do n't care about profits .
as long as there is still some to help cover for electricity lol
i do n't follow any of these losers except dick
better space miner storylines ... let me build on asteroids and shoot at pirates with gun turrets
idk i got a cwdt lvl 35 ice bite and was so happy yet disappointed at the same time lol i 'd take literally anything else except for the minion rolls
i bet there 's some type of way to seal the inside of it
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
i will say jfh is the form prop in the competition imho and no one try 's harder than martin .
he 's going to the court to dumb a turd on amber
i do n't think it 's the conservatives who created a sub specifically to laugh at people dying .
some form of sadness or anxiety male late adolescent introvert french otherwise american probably alcoholic or drug addict no dreams or nightmares atheist and could be clever .
does it hurt you that people want some real shoes but in red ?
so we just found out my mom lived like this it 's definitely a mental illness and a compulsion
holes need to point away to cancel the moment from the offset boosters .
hold on i 'll make a shitpost to clear this up .
you can delete all twitter posts with certain add-ons i believe or just nuke the twitter account .
from some internet archives i think he had almost 1k instagram posts which would also be a little time consuming to delete them all one by one without an add-on .
if you have 2 or more other friends to larp with then i would recommend gb .
some guy pretending an idw sonic character is a clone of his obscure character and getting all art of them taken off twitter
that 's my girl ... now move and let me take charge ...
fedfan here and i wan na also shoutout rafa .
very philosophically minded imo with a great attitude in every way .
if if if ... does n't exist and we have to suffer are awesome stoic quotes .
is n't it it a bit too early to count him until he 's answered the collatz conjecture ? ?
she just looks so mad perfect for the red planet
hugs the good girl and also headpats the good girl
the more we learn about autism and adhd the more the two seem to be like siblings rather than cousins .
may mga taong comfort zone at itinuturing na personal space ung hoodie/jacket/hat .
mas titiisin pa nila yong init kaysa pakiramdam na hubad .
resistance training of some kind is important for retaining muscle .
this is the report '' i was referring to .
new york post reported it and they 're rightwing .
i 'm not sure why cop lovers would make shit up about cops https mobile.twitter.com/xxspicy_lemonxx/status/1529516775595024385 ? t=ze57pixw3ua0v2drxdqiyq s=19
comment even links a youtube video with a cop admitting it as well .
i have n't seen enough of sanches or adli but i 'm keen to believe you .
the man can hold on to the ball like glue .
if his final pass or finishing was anything better than it was before he 'll definitely be an improvement to our midfield .
that said bruno and paqueta were incredible and i mean fantastic at lyom .
i hate people like this like why tf do you even play online if you do this crap
ah the old sexual assault blame to minimize the consequences that she probably jumped on the guy herself that she physically and emotionally cheated this is textbook manipulation .
most christian's do n't think logically about their faith .
which as atheists point out are extremely stupid in this day and age .
blind faith is not the game in christianity as shown in the story of david vs goliath .
usually the morning starts with grabbing my dick then everything kinda takes off from there lol
yeah there are dedicated subreddits for lfg and other stuff of the sort i 'll try and see if i can get a list of the different subs for you .
i sombra 5m also agree i trained my humans on aerial attacks early on .
my 'auntie ' and i used to high five everytime she went through a doorway .
my 'grandma ' and 'mom ' also played this game .
you have to teach them to protect themselves and always be aware !
i still attack my main human aka mom as i 'm told she is every now and again and i 've been teaching her to hunt by playing chase in the backyard .
she loves the so called game of tag even if she 's always it .
also teach them the angry ears so they know when you 've had enough playing and want to stop .
my 'mom ' is very good at stopping when i give her the look it 's very helpful .
ntc i think mom ca n't figure out what cloaca ?
stands for and wo n't listen when i try tell her .
ski-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub yo da dub dub ba-da-ba-da-ba-be bop bop bodda bope bop ba bodda bope . ''
the reason they will lose their asses is because they did worse than nothing .
had they just sat on their hands for the past year and a half we would 've been better off than we are now .
oh it took me a while until i was in that spot .
i lost a much needed 400k from a full clear of the entire game
it looked like the second lineman stumbled and fell but the first lineman was deliberate .
i am a white sissy looking for bbcs in flatlands brooklyn ny 11234 i am submissive and obedient .
if interested please reply and we will chat and get to meet .
but look at the accident counts when compared to other vehicles and it 's statistical data .
you are thinking the risk outwheys the benefits because you are trained and prepared enough to know what to do in response to operating the motorcycle .
but count in the cost benefit analysis and you 'll see that motorcycles are unsafe .
i loved their newest album all the songs are absolute bangers .
even with so many obstacles in their way they manage to maintain the quality of their music going higher even and just keep pentagon going as a whole !
shocker a democrat ignores facts again who could 've guessed xd you are a perfect example of a lefter .
that 's right handguns are guns i 'm glad the lefter is starting to figure out basic terminology .
i know you saw my maui vids keep lying to yourself to feel better .
hey want that flight first class first and only time you 'll ever experience it in your life lol .
now go donate another 100m to blm so they can buy a few more mansions and while you 're at it give another 100m so that they can affirm the genders of 5 year olds and give them hormone therapy and mutilate them .
lol you lefties are actually golden the irony to say i 'm morally superior '' in the same breathe as saying that baby is not a life '' .
every single one of you lefters are lying racist disgusting pedophiles .
go ahead and ignore more facts while making giving us more entertainment lol
i would have some people are so inconsiderate it amazes me .
those were the days where decks are not as monster centric .
spell trap dependence was so strong that shien synchro was even semi-limited once .
evs including prime and ev chargers are designed for outdoor use .
last time i checked this year the ones doing the concentration camps rape invasion pillaging and city demolition were not japan and germany but russia with china 's tacit support .
yes but only if you like semi open design you 'll have sound leakage and also hear everything around you as well .
they 'll also be lacking in bass although there is a slight punch to the bass .
driven both the 2.7 at an off roadeo event my own bronco is 2.3 7mt .
i personally love the manual transmission paired with the 2.3 .
but the engine note leaves a lot to be desired .
power wise the 2.3 has plenty of scoot for this class of vehicle .
all of them besides kp like bright indirect light .
if you keep moving them around they wo n't grow .
you have to set them and then forget them obly watering when dry and not repotting unkess you absolutely have to .
the more snug the root ball is the better the happier they are .
compacta is slow growing it 's just gon na take him time .
that 's not what they did widely it 's a myth .
when they first rolled out free 2 day shipping which was unheard of as average online purchase would cost 6-10 in shipping and also take more than a week to arrive .
they calculated that for a small minority of their heavy users they 'd lose money from free 2 day shipping but the profit rest of the less frequent customers they bring in from it offsets enough to make a profit .
also in an effort to be a complete market place and one stop shop they had to sell certain high volume low cost items at a loss things like toilet paper diapers paper towels etc .
which were a fraction of their offerings otherwise they never took a loss their shipping infrastructure was so efficient and ahead of the competition that their operating costs were minuscule compared to other places allowing them to lower their prices .
they just continued to pour all of their profits into improving the already great system and pushed prices lower and made more money .
a lot of the money invested in aws which paid off aws was actually an internal thing they built
as a part of their logistics infrastructure then they realized no one else has a cloud infrastructure this good so they decided to sell it to the outside customers
honestly so far the tip i got for triple antibiotic ointment is what 's been saving my life ! !
i have to apply it and a thick lip balm pretty regularly and i also started using a humidifier while i sleep 😅 but my lips are slowly healing
argothian enchantress has historically been considered drawing 5 cards over a few turns for 2 mana .
likewise sylvan library is 2 mana for 2 cards per turn and can be combo 'd with abundance for 4 more mana .
wizard class fathom mage or benthic biomancer will instantly draw your entire deck for 9+1 or 9+4 mana spent across several turns .
some combos with induced amnesia will also draw your entire deck .
aetherflux reservoir sinsei 's divining top bolas ' citadel will obviously draw cast your entire deck for 11 mana total .
most sins are shunned by people until they have the money to afford it '' or something like that
whatever the female version of chad is this is it .
this is kind of a leading question op since it fundamentally assumes that trans men acting outside the system is the core problem as opposed to the design of the draft itself .
first the draft should n't really be a thing .
we should n't be talking about getting trans men into it but cis men out .
second even if we collectively decide the draft should be a thing it should basically be reserved strictly for defensive wars on local soil and applied equally to all genders .
draft exceptions would be better served by allowing each household with dependents to maintain one exception of their choice and also allowing major exceptions for medical issues .
therefore the answer to the question is either no ... because cis men should n't have to sign up for the draft either '' or yes ... because everyone has to sign up for the draft . ''
as a bengali it accurately displays the aftermath of bengal partition .
the bengalis who originally lived in dhaka at andaman were removed from their native land and given nothing but free land when they were absolutely destitute .
edit the bengali settlers tried to settle near sunderbans but the government at the time thought they 'd rather use the land there to plant mango trees .
ironically mango trees do not grow on wet lands and in the process more than 2000 were killed countless women were raped and 10k people were evicted all because the state government at the time wanted to plant mango trees on wet land .
unpopular opinion but if a white young man played maryanne 's exact game ... he 'd get no votes .
i 'm going for the zelastics because they will form into my ear and hold it .
also watch some youtube reviews hopefully that will help .
the hood and bumper fit is a little wonky .
upper corners of the hood and the headlight gaps are off .
if the owner is happy that 's great but that 's a lot of fabrication and money for it to look worse than stock imo .
it 's pretty easy to dodge so i do n't mind it plus it drains quite a bit of fp on there end
but what do you call a cannibal that lives at the beach ?
it 's called having an open mind and being realistic that just because it 's in the bible it 's still just a story relax
i just imagine somebody is sleeping with somebody else 's boyfriend and then that slept to the ass was just super personal
money does n't buy happiness but can prevent the things that make you unhappy
his dad was a serbian orthodox priest wtf hate this fake news on reddit croatia hahahaha
personally i think will farrel should host celebrity jeopardy .
i know it 's a special and all but i loved those .
do not message the moderators about account age or karma minimums .
your account is either too new or has not garnered enough comment karma to post in r/showerthoughts .
do not message the moderators about account age or karma minimums .
further information is not listed and will not be given .
do not message the moderators about account age or karma minimums .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
it is n't the greatest support at its cost but it is so satisfying to delete something with the charging beam .
or rinse the legs from underneath a charging raid and just back step and mini gun them the rest of the way to death .
your post has been flagged as low-effort post and was deleted for violation of rule 11 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4rdfw if you have any questions or concerns .
they were a top 3 band for my dad seemed that way any way tower of power would be a runaway first .
the first dan album i heard was aja when i was 7 my dad had a copy he 'd play taking me home from wherever .
that cd lived in the small portable stereo in my room for a bit .
i did n't understand or listen to the lyrics i just liked the jazz sound .
the vibe i get from listening to the dan is remembering my dad but also i get a sort of noire/old-school nightclub vibe .
think mid-20th century new york vegas or san francisco nightlife vibes with drugs but it really depends on the specific song .
i would n't say something like king of the world gives me that vibe .
someone should bring up a shot of she hull and over of gamora to see the difference between look and texture between cg and real skin painted green .
for everyone bringing up the angle you do realize ppl can make money from illegal selling drugs stealing etc activities right ?
you begged for proof this proof that then stfu on every post where ive added proof and just like right now your running away 💀💀💀 youre crying racism youre literally the typically leftie it almost feels like your trolling
you cant call someone else a child after they shut you up on multiple posts and are now making you cry racism i made you do the leftie battle call in a reddit comment section💀💀💀
last edit then i can stop replying since ive made you cry racism without being racist downvotes and upvotes for you dont make you right so no need to go make 20 alts to make you look like you won
if you 're a conspiracy theorist that would suggest the gun mfg 's are behind all these mass shootings .
because everytime one happens people run out and buy guns because they are either scared for their life or worried about upcoming gun laws .
the gun mfg 's benefit from every mass shooting .
how much do people have to pray before it starts making a difference ?
20 years of americans praying after mass shootings and they keep happening .
software and website development html and css are for web development and c is good for software development .
i 'd recommend visual studio 2022 for software development and visual studio code for web development .
eh is the bone of his sowrd and doesnt die when killed
if my boss paid me that much he would n't be able to afford employing people .
even though he owns the business at this point i 'm making more profit then him just cause of tips and he does n't take tips .
so yeah he would n't be able to pay 30 hence why base should n't be 30 .
i work as a waiter i doubt i bring in 30 dollars an hour in profit paying me that much would just be a loss
oh wow yeah maybe it does have something to do with the wd from the subs then .
i go tomorrow to get everything checked out so we will see .
i decrease to 2mg from 3mg within one month so i think that was definitely too fast yeah .
i think my best bet is to not overthink it and try to stay on each dose 3-4 weeks and just chip off pieces at a time even if i have to like 10-15 .
gon na try to do it better this time .
i 'm gon na tell the doc i literally want everything checked via my labs and go from there !
there will never be widespread revamping of the healthcare system including increased mental health care .
if you saw the statistics in the us on the exponential increase of antidepressants and other psych meds you would be amazed .
our government officials are lobbied by big pharma and many other organizations .
and sadly the governments of the world have n't grasped they must increase budgets to reflect this .
oh please put a that 'll never stick '' lampshade on that one too
and was n't that chapter released around the new year ?
could easily be argued as the best adc for the whole of 2019 for spring split it 's not even debatable .
how come you are n't taking ap free period or ap pe ?
i 'll excuse the fact you are n't taking ap lunch because it is a difficult class but you wo n't get anywhere in life with that schedule .
in the town where i live a number of traveler girls have completed their leaving cert and are working full time .
everybody knows their families and the community is well aware of their background but that never was a issue .
take it from a member of a foreign community that lives in ireland almost 20 years .
it 's time to wake up and stop blaming your problems on everybody else .
people that are willing to get education work and do n't create problems within the community will be respected by the community .
what you are doing is justfing antisocial behaviour as a result of how the community is treating travelers .
however the community do n't want to engage with people that are aggressive and toxic .
makes no difference if you are a traveler or a foreigner .
more than happy to help you out friendliness does n't have a price
they ca n't get him until he is released from his contract
notice that cases these are outliers and not the standard ?
almost like having someone with a gun around does n't even matter
even if a responsible gun owner was around they could still be fuckin shot just being present with a gun on you does n't suddenly make you john wick
besides whose to say the so-called responsible gun owner does n't have a bad day or accidentally discharge their weapon etc .
there are so many ways arming regular people to deal with threats they 'll never be mentally prepared to handle could go wrong
he and another guest on his show has done it numerous times .
he actually mentioned her in last night 's show .
however he was n't as rude talking about her last night as he usually is .
oh that 's right he 's perfect just ask him .
try here this one get 's lots of love on fb https www.dhgate.com/product/marc-jocobs-womens-totes-bags-fashion-shopper/754689901.html ?
i 'm not personally disagreeing that something could be done .
you 're typing that fear is a driving cause for the 2a advocates but you disregard the media amplification of gun violence .
the attention these get are often blown out of proportion for the vast majority of citizens and their routine experiences .
modern america crime and gun violence has been at a low point the past 20 years .
the media would have you think it is n't .
the problem gets conflated more when stories that do n't fit the narrative get snuffed from major media attention .
america has two very conflicting issues right now regarding guns .
guns are everywhere and we believe we should have them available yet they horrific stories happen .
at the same time because guns are so prolific police act stupid .
police trample the lawful gun rights of citizens daily because they 'fear for their life ' .
yet the gun advocates rarely are heard when those events happen .
kaneda is needed now just in case something happen and because he 's a second year but honestly i see no future for this poor kid when the third year will retire .
with asada and kuki who both have a lot of potential and also toujou can he even remain a pitcher for the new team ?
that might be harsh but if he wants to play in a match he should change position there 's just too much competition
i made a team that defeated it somehow screenshotted the team posted it in the event thread and told the remind-me bot to send it to me in a year .
do you know what the mod for those houses is ?
6 days now my account has been restricted and they are sending me around in circles trying to get my remaining funds sent to my personal wallet
i said it time ago lmao it only made sense that osman would take inegol and behead nikola .
please head over to r/apex_banners to show off your stats .
in order to prevent spam relating to match results stats or similar .
we do not allow these types of posts this means we do not allow
if you would like better clarification you can see our full list of rules here .
https www.reddit.com/r/apexlegends/wiki/rules if you need further assistance please message the moderators https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fapexlegends with a link to your post .
failure to include a link to your post will result in the modmail being ignored .
did you change the ash of war on it from standard/heavy/keen/quality to something else ?
yeah is n't it just pathetic how they mock the usa by such an insignificant thing as the kids being shoot in school/s
i 've travelled to a ton of places around the world and while i have n't seen it all i 've seen enough to know that if i won the lottery i would want to live in marin !
the prime minister wore a bullet proof vest and talked to the farmers shooters etc ...
their prime minister jacinta ardern was there when a shooting occured .
she convinced the people and the parliament to give up their guns .
then invest more into mental health easier access and put programs into schools trained mental health professionals prevent bullying
my condonences to all the victims lost this year .
sit down with ozymandias read watchmen and ask him what he 'd do in ozymandias ' place ?
there goes all my money lol i hope they got a payment plan
so you 've read the wef documents/conferences/website and think it 's just people trying to get off work early and party ?
majority of people in normal government jobs would n't be a part of any conspiracy lol .
it only takes a handful of people in powerful positions to orchestrate a proper conspiracy .
they would n't let your everyday government worker in on it .
there 's a lot of conspiracies that have been talked about that do and have impacted peoples lives .
maybe not yours but the impact is very real to some .
having to relocate or be fired because of mandates .
being unable to afford housing because it 's all being bought out by the same few companies .
i was using it on the computer normally but my computer exploded i 'm building it again .
so there was also find it in cydia i installed it from a private repo but popcorn time not working anymore
i think you got a small l but not sure
oof idk too much about summoning as i 've never done it before lmao so u can pick everything .
my sl is 93 if that matters and i 'd prolly wan na do the trade at undead parish bonfire next to andre
imagine your own fucking children being shot and your fellow countrymen do n't even have the guts to watch a third-hand video of you trying to help .
imagine the suffering you experience but your neighbors ca n't for a moment experience your pain because they 're too afraid .
then in a week the news cycle moves on and nobody gives a shit anymore .
it 's time to be uncomfortable with what 's happening to the point where you ca n't stand it anymore or you just end up living in a bubble .
i wish i had your level of confidence but the number of times people do things that did n't work for others because their situation is magically different '' ... well it is depressing .
i 'll post an update here with more info once i 've met with my regular doc tomorrow and better understand the details .
from what i 'm told i had a seizure in the bleachers then was taken to the medical tent and had another one in there both inside edc .
i was sedated for transport and did n't have any more seizures from that point on .
on sunday i had dinner at nomad 's land and had a few drinks but no i did n't take anything .
it 's a terrible pity you did n't register for the housing list originally at 19 but it 's your best chance now .
🤣 i swear er has some of the funniest messages .
he did said that he 'll give credits on instagram
true you can probably get a better price/tb with bigger drives than staying with the same size .
even if you choose to replace only one drive at this time and not add another one yet .
definitely bring it up with a doc and/or pelvic physio lots of reasons for pain and lots of ways to help .
just keep in mind that painful sex can be confusing sometimes especially if everything shows up normal on tests .
you might have to see a few health care providers or try different things until you figure out what 's going on and what works best for you .
here 's a resource you can use if you 'd like for describing the pain to you doc https ohnut.co/pages/pain-perception-project https ohnut.co/pages/pain-perception-project
now that 's some good piloting if anyone needs a pilot for the prison heist just lmk no cuts straight to the action
oh wow i wan na know how the patient was feeling after finding out that the tumour being massive
as per video it 's down to the country your psn account is set up to .
its possible to have multipe psn accounts in different countries and then link to your existing battlenet account when starting the game each time you swap a region .
it 's a pain in the ass but measuring tapes are more accurate if you 're more or less hydrated it can make your weight fluctuate several pounds among other things .
basically scales are only good for an approximation or establishing long term trends .
legend of legaia i think may be what you 're looking for .
you defeat enemies and can re-summon them after victory sometimes and mix and match them .
it 's a ps1 game rpg game that is turn-based .
the big downside is that there is no way to tell if you bought a demo-disc or an actual copy of the game until you play it because the asshole developers did n't put demo '' on their demo discs which was pretty standard for the time .
and i say this angrily because i have purchased 2-3 fucking demo discs .
edit shit now that i 've seen the jade cocoon comment i ca n't remember which one it is .
have u ever considered owning a passable cd sex slave
y'all choose wisely i 'm too canadian to be allowed to vote here .
for the love of god do n't scream his name behind home plate !
i tried it but only for 2/3 weeks i ca n't say that it made a difference tbh .
i did notice that fried paneer flared me up when i was at my worst .
but day to day milk on cereals or in tea does n't seem to make a noticeable difference .
i do n't eat a much cheese so i ca n't say how much difference that makes .
the main winners for me are omega fish oil aliment 7.5ml a day d3 and mk7 curcumin c3 .
my point was to say higher pay equates to more economic power which equates to more freedom to do as you will .
except that one spends a lot of such economic power on healthcare and student debt which they would n't in most rich nations .
but to be honest that 's small beans compared to the ingrained rights to free speech and gun rights we have .
those are far more important then the income as they secure all other freedoms .
america has a harsher judicial system more militarized police wider security state than most other countries .
not to mention having to work a terrible job to eek out a basic living is n't free and america has fewer labour rights than most other nations .
the gun rights have made american schools more at risk to be shot up by psychos .
as for free speech look up how communists were treated during the cold war .
look up the shooting by the ng of students protesting the vietnam war .
i would n't feel very free cramped next to 20 people in an elevator .
hey i may nit be able to afford healthcare and i 'm neck deep in student debt and my boss does n't give me time off but at least the lifts are bigger ! ''
the ans is the reason y u didnt include the mizukage
something pink and cute the original design was just me messing around with it
as it seems and from what i get from your other comments your loan goalie does n't save you games .
so even though the decision making of the free goalie is bad because he wo n't save you anymore games and probably does n't loses you too many games
that 's what you get for wearing sandals with red socks
i winner how much my vw dealer would charge just to clear it .
this quote was not meant to justify extreme sports .
t72 and t90 except t90m also have ammo storage everywhere inside the tank .
we have about as much chance of stopping the flow of drugs with a wall as those kids had stopping that cunt with a gun .
also emote could also be him wagging his tail and being embarassed about it would be built in sadly so the harpoon works too lol
the gop is run by cowards they could n't even defend our elections let alone have the balls to impeach someone who is deserving of it .
also 'ice coob ' as a substitute for ice cream .
dude finally someone who agrees ... his jokes ar funny at first but theyre way too basic
we 're not protecting the customer we 're protecting our ice well .
'uproar ' lil wayne with swizz beatz on the beat from the carter v
literally the men will turn 30 and base their entire personality off one of these '' meme
i do n't think of that proposal as punishing but rather expecting them to pay for the full cost of running their business instead of society picking up the slack for a big percentage of it .
the same as a factory being expected to pay to safely dispose of their toxic waste instead of dumping it directly into the city 's supply of drinking water .
i think we get a little goody bag that includes some blends we do ourselves .
we 're even making tea based cocktails which i 'm intrigued about .
i 'm hoping to learn a bit more about what flavours i enjoy together i 've always enjoyed black white and green teas and herbal teas but i 'm very cautious of anything with more than one flavour so should be a learning opportunity !
r/onlyfansasstastic is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
ca n't i had to make a new account because my old one got hacked 😑
i 'm gon na clip out 6:42-6:48 and put it on my resume
there 's not enough time to execute a decision like that
wow that 's a bot if i 've ever seen one .
week-old account weird meaningless comments garbage memes with thousands of upvotes somehow and crypto shit .
probably this is why she was so supportive of raqesh and shamita ' relationship during biggboss .
if your post uses an everyone demographic please remember to ensure that your survey really is for anyone and everyone .
certain questions or lack of answers may restrict who can answer like asking for a specific state restricting answers to the us or your gender options being only male or female .
additionally please keep the comments about the survey posted whether talking about content of the survey giving constructive criticism or talking about concerns for the survey in general .
please remember to be civil among other things and do not post your survey in the comments of this post .
users sharing their surveys in an unsolicited fashion who are not authorized by mods and not op to advertise their surveys in the comments of others ' .
and as a gentle reminder if you need to contact the moderators please use the message the mods '' form on the sidebar .
do not contact moderators directly unless they contact you first .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't need it anymore but for anyone trying carrying the beast repellent torch in your back while two handing your main weapon also prevents the unmounted wolvies to attack you combine it with crepus vial and the black knife chestpiece unaltered and you can stealth them to death
let me guess they also would n't kneel on someone 's neck until they die .
or kill a child because they thought the toy in their hand was a gun .
or one of the other countless times they break the law .
people who wander into camp and pet the dog are always welcome .
if only there were a usd 2.0 for the ust 2.0 to shadow so that it was n't such obvious copycat bullshit .
also note that equipping ships with gear will take the gear out of storage freeing up space its for this reason that i have n't needed to purchase storage expansions despite playing since the game was released globally .
for me it is not a question of preference .
i simply need automatic perks due to a lack of ergonomically reachable buttons .
some guns i need left and right mouse buttons for middle for chameleon one button for a perk .
i cant even find a suitable solution for using the recently implemented mini scopes which is sad .
right mouse would be nice but then i cant separate the 2 cannons or i cant quick use the nova which has to be on right mouse .
ah the best friend bodyguard of my victem ready to step in and kill the fun ...
no my routine has n't really changed since i started losing weight back in february .
i still eat pretty much the same food and portions as i did months ago .
could it be that my body has grown accustomed to what i eat ?
they hate us and take no issue with violence against us..
the idea that we should shy away from guns while they 're preparing for war whether it 's racial or another stolen election is ludicrous to me .
microsectors is going to be key here about who is improved where
i do n't know how but they have worked out how to get held calls really quickly in upright tackles when attacking
they 're really smart about it too when it 's a legs tackle they posture like they 're going to just play on to make the defence have a second go and give them a 6 again/penalty .
seen a lot of kds screenshot the top 400 power generally that will get most people but na there 's no generated list you have to do it yourself
i 'm sure it kept them up at night ... . nope that was the sound of their armored money trucks backing into their mansions
no conservatives are the ones bringing up black on black gun violence after a mass shooting .
liberals bring it up constantly because it 's a gun violence issue that the black community has been talking about for decades now .
stop trying to push your narrative it is n't going to work here .
no i distinctly remember the smiles still carry the drawback even if someone else has already eaten a bite .
that was like the whole thing about why the fruits were given to the serfs/peasants .
it was later discovered that the faulty smiles retain their drawbacks after being partially eaten .
taking notice of this the tyrannical shogun of wano country kurozumi orochi took the leftover defective fruits and put them in with the leftovers that were given to the poor citizens
not naked but if i wear anything other than underwear then in the morning i am back in just underwear so any socks/shirt/pj 's get unconsciously removed .
your in-game dog looks like it 's going through an existential crisis .
first seen here https redd.it/q6wji7 on 2021-10-12 98.44 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' uyk2oj '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=uyk2oj samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=85 targetimagememematch=97
then back to my/your place and have an amazing weekend of fucking almost the whole time !
she assumed you lost interest and so went into search mode again .
another outside possibility is that her sub ran out during that period .
you just trying to make our fellow tards feel bad ?
well she did play chao garden simulator sonic adventure 2 so its not that surprising to see her play a mainstream game although i didnt expect her to play a kirby game
i never understood that logic i killed your kids so you will be stronger if anything bad ever happens '' also how do you pass the test ?
he just got out of jail for bankruptcy fraud so that should tell you something lol .
well if you put a band style ring on your left ring finger people will assume you are married but other than that i do n't think there is too much of a guideline as to which fingers .
more just how it fits with the other pieces in your outfit .
by the cover it does n't seem like a thriller at all but i may have to check it out .
could you do the same for this comment evljack ?
do you really think they deserve the benefit of the doubt after everything they 've pulled ?
that has n't really happened to me yet it 's only gotten worse
upon looking at the picture first i thought it was one of those pennies that they polished into a tiny mirror
faves she crows little mouth what death leaves behind cemetery gates .
least faves end of the asterix ... and ig i 'm not crazy abt ways to make it through the wall ?
honestly i 'd say nothing was wrong with the milk itself as luke grew up on a desert planet .
which he hated with a passion so him ending on the exact opposite with tons of water and splurging on milk makes sense .
everything else was toxic though not so much about the scene but the revelations that happened prior to the scene .
if this is a medical emergency please call emergency services as soon as possible !
disclaimer the information provided on this subreddit is for educational purposes only and does not substitute for professional medical advice .
we strongly advise you to consult a medical professional or healthcare provider if you 're seeking medical advice diagnoses or treatment .
anyone providing advice on this subreddit is not liable for risks or issues associated with using or acting upon the information provided .
please make sure you have included in your post your country of residence age sex race height weight diagnosed medical conditions prescriptions or supplements and dosages drug use including marijuana smoking status duration of complaint the issue you 've been having and your specific question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
twtr gave his acct the coveted blue check mark recently
it was n't annoying as much as it was fascinating and fun to watch .
this is a piece of gold right here.. now.. how to save this and share it to my boomer fam-fam lol
and what did the gunman have all those first responding officers pinned behind the same rock ?
either way the end result was that the cops with pistols let the murderer with the rifle walk in and execute a bunch of kids .
they were unwilling to risk their own lives to save children .
if you run towards him before he does his first attack he wo n't do his crazy flip spin attack
i 've worked as a land surveyor my entire life as a man .
when i transitioned i went to do the same thing for work but a different company .
people have told previous employers about me and i joined linkedin and my small community of surveyors knows .
i run around explaining my pronouns and proffered name to everyone .
i 'm paving the way and making strides for people like you .
do n't be afraid go to school as trans some people will judge but most people are good and kind hearted .
you will find people that will be your true friends for life .
do n't live a life of regrets like i did for many years .
good morning children please grab your chromebook and standard issue glock 22
why are you giving them the shittiest glock possible ?
they sure kill a lot better with weapons than without .
reformatting the drive does n't actually delete the data .
you need to overwrite all the files using a program for that purpose .
there are programs out there that use pentagon and dod level wiping .
you said he is tech savvy and a reformatted drive would be easy for him to access all the deleted info .
they thought the message came from the smaller gorn ship .
this is one of the first time i have seen gun memes and political humor get the same meme popular
how did i know he was going to make this argument eventually
to be fair if it was 06 or adventure 2 shadow the point would stand as he 's less of an emo edgelord that shoots people with a tragic backstory '' and more of a arrogant antihero with a tragic and mysterious backstory ''
the new government has pledged to reform the appeals process and promised a review into the design operation and sustainability of the scheme .
we 're going to be facing the last gov 's effects for a while yet .
najee and devonta smith are the two reasons we did n't lose that game by 30 points
i 'm the same they 've never been painful for me it just sometimes feels like there 's something stuck in my throat then i 'll take a look and see one peaking out then i 'll go poking around haha .
i 've also never noticed particularly bad breath outside of what seems normal morning breath coffee breath if i have n't eaten or drank anything in several hours etc .
well i guess that 's a natural conclusion to the families are forever doctrine .
joey tried her best to connect with dawson over the loss of her mother .
pacey took him to the accident spot and told dawson not to blame himself .
he says this among other things i 'm doing this because once upon a time you and i were best friends .
and that means that whenever you need me i 'm here .
i mean there 's having a difference of opinion and denying scenes exist .
dawson says he loves you like i love you .
the only difference is you love him back . ''
give me the dialogue where pacey gives joey the ultimatum .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
please refrain from posting any content that includes major injuries in this subreddit .
minor injuries are okay however but please do n't post deaths or major injuries as there are better subreddits for it .
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmakemesuffer subject=about 20my 20removed 20submission message=i 27m 20writing 20to 20you 20about 20the 20following 20submission 20https www.reddit.com/r/makemesuffer/comments/uyl936/pilonidal_cyst_removal/. 20 0d 0dmy 20issue 20is ... .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=mistressroyce1 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely a bit of a different game being a lesbian .
i 'm a male with a lot of lesbian friends and there 's a limited dating pool along with a lot of dating within their group .
i guess i feel pressure in early dates because the end game is getting married and potentially having kids which is n't as focused on in your situation .
please upvote my comment too comment back to get upvote
this is an absolute long shot on such an old post but did you ever find this song ?
i got here from a google search of dolly parton duet giggling because the same thing happened to me heard it today was driving so could n't save it and it is somehow absent from my spotify listening history .
the artist metadata was just the male singer 's name so i ca n't find it from searching her name on spotify either .
your submission was removed because you have not verified with the mod team .
from now on the ass only allows oc content from verified users .
please read here for steps on how to verify .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ass if you have any questions or concerns .
that is some dom smith june 2021 hot take there .
dont count them out as much as you are .
the best 1-9 lineup is nothing to scoff about when your bullpen isnt sturdy and sp had a blow .
i am in europe i think you should have the same price too .
and it can be for both reasons and that 's fine
take it as a reason to protest and ditch school which i totally think is fine
with all the sadness for teachers kids and parents and people right now this is what was needed 3
many times members have helped each other cope in real life situations and many people here share common values and a sense of humor .
not sure what posts you read but considering this sub community keeps growing i do n't think i 'm wrong .
lmao do you ask bitches what their favorite constellation is on dates and drop them if they say anything more obscure than like the big dipper or ursa major ?
things are n't that hard in crete almost all of the oil is sold over auctions by local oil producer associations .
once you learn that you do n't need much more .
trying to get oil off auction would probably just get you hit with a markup for the exact same oil .
your post has been removed due to your account not meeting the required limit necessary to post here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
even in the london there are no ideas that work against all responses .
and what openings specifically are you talking about that have 20+not simple ideas to one response ?
to your last point just about every major opening falls into that category save a few that you should stay away from like the grunfeld and kings indian
by that reply sounds like the answer is b .
i recommend going to a shrink and receiving the proper medication .
my first ever linux install was arch on real hardware .
if you have the time to learn then go ahead and install it .
for me the hardest part is using vim and lemonbar .
what was your pace when you ran the mile ?
heavy breathing and knee pain after just a mile means that you 're unfit .
but maybe you were just running with an insane pace .
maybe you needed ptosis repair surgery and not a blepharoplasty ?
strokes then seizures bad for brain seizures then stroke bad for brain .
its almost like strokes and seizures are bad for brain maybe we should try to stop/prevent both of those
wow you 're a huge phobe calling them lgbtqia instead of lgbtqia .
but also when they get shit that says toilet like what was the reason ?
you can get the same amount or more hair ties for the same price of less of the same thing
gorr is kratos even their backstory is almost similar in a way that both characters lost their families the difference mainly gorr did kill god of war for his first kill in the comics and turns into an ego maniac instead of having another family in new asgard .
it looks how mine did after rabbits got to 30 of them in one night .
little caesars is the slowest fucking merchant in existence .
okay let 's go around and say in one sentence what we will be doing so. in a very robotic non-natural way .
also why do n't we hear sophie speak at all .
it 's not even thst i 'm not trying to not change i could give a fuck it has little significance in my life i got more important shit to focus on then that
high fg negatively coorelates with 3pt and ft for a pretty simple reason centers have high fg s but are n't great shooters .
because of things like this it would be nice to see this broken down by position .
i looked it up and i think it is !
can i smoke it like normal out of a bong ?
youre right i should n't let a few down doots get me down .
i 've just been in an odd place mentally lately .
switch is the current system for otomege and other than mobile pc may not be an option bc voltage does n't deal in it .
facts thank u sir i just watched an insanefight in lux 22 on fightpass haha what a great decision
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
because these seems like the kind of stretch only a karen would make
because that 's kinder joy '' not kinder surprise '' .
joy is a plastic egg where one half has some creamy stuff and two small crunchy balls that you spoon out and the other half contains a little toy .
surprise is the chocolate egg wrapped in tin foil and with the yellow toy capsule inside .
the colours on these hummingbird decks really look amazing .
ah yes of course 'the world against turkey ' bollocks .
a conspiracy where turkey 's genocide counts but greece 's does n't .
it 's the world that thinks that was a genocide not just me .
the armenian and greek genocides were also proven and the hrw also found human rights violations by turkey against greeks a year after https www.google.com/url ? sa=t source=web rct=j url=https www.hrw.org/sites/default/files/reports/turkey923.pdf ved=2ahukewjjhkzp9p73ahxsglwkhwutc-uqfnoecayqaq usg=aovvaw2zu_anjxf0yg9j7v3elc7g the document you linked .
edit so say 400k turks were killed in an attempt for a genocide for which i would love to see a reputable source since we 're including other populations killed what about armenians that mysteriously disappeared ?
you ca n't possibly be looking at the numbers alone and think yeah these are the same .
gun violence and mass shootings are deeply systemic and multifactorial issues .
perhaps i could concede that it would help to not sensationalize it but i agree with the other commenter that public awareness and discussion is important for our own safety and for any chance of reform .
you 've put in effort to learn and be better then you 're set .
as long as you listen to other people and make an effort to be better there 's not much more you can do .
ca n't change the past you can only be better tomorrow .
the phaseshift has no bullet drop making it one of the easiest 1hk snipers to use in the game .
that plus follow-up shot potential thanks to heat mechanics makes it one of the best sniper rifles in the game .
the dedication is super inspiring as someone also trying to lose weight !
when i did n't know what words mean anymore .
milk powder is pretty high up there on the luxury goods list .
maybe you need to look at the laws and track records of countries that do n't have the same problems with shootings as america does ... .
japans gon na put a rover on moon with an indian lander b4 end of decade ...
yep times like these are the sign why you should be all btc man .
when everything is getting murdered other than btc in times like that you wish that you should have been all btc .
my hope is he wants to prove himself '' .
hopefully we can trade russ and turn him into a few more solid wings also .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
best explanation of the day you are really close .
theres a deeper issue though but i did explain that before .
thanks for your contribution its clear and well thought trough .
yes and then they i guess reevaluazed me but yes my bank returned the finds and then 4 months later after making me think i was still getting funds they declined me
does anyone know when each biome hour will be ?
if i remember correctly last year it started with the first biome in the first time zone 's starting hour then rotated through them each hour the rest of the day as the even moved through the time zones .
i 'm not sure what that means for the pacific time zone if they do the same this year .
i 'm hoping to plan my day out a little though .
ahhaha bro i just cant xd when i remember the days that we were playing only for fun .
imagine 4 of us laying on top of eachother by glitch .
there was used to be atleast 1 survivor from that pile of bodies xd .
after the random shooting when they get the 3th kill they just stop shooting thinking there cant be a 4th one they cant be that dumb .
we would lose the match but 1 guy stays alive we would be satisfied enough .
google translate it select kroos select jessica be sure to adjust jessica to e1 l55 s1l7 for fairer comparison .
you should see kroos doing 724 dps against 0 armor jessica 602 dps .
you can see jessica win kroos at a certain small range of armor .
you can play around with it and check mastery gains too at another tab .
combat support pay is still lower than combat pay so technically yes .
it has been automatically identified that this post may link straight to a download file please use reasonable caution and make sure your device is protected . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dragonballsuper if you have any questions or concerns .
pact of the blade allows any melee weapon regardless of type .
you can choose the form that this melee weapon takes each time you create it see chapter 5 for weapon options .
you are proficient with it while you wield it . ''
but here 's the thing this is an npc and you 're the dm .
she does n't have to follow the rules if you do n't want her to .
so it does n't matter what type of weapon she summons .
yes this city is incredibly inept at maintaining infrastructure but this is n't 100 on us .
since covid ended '' last summer/fall the swb work and road repair though it seems it takes forever have been amazing once complete .
we are n't just sitting on this money/pocketing it like usual .
well at least not all of it because what has been repaired has been brought to a level it 's never been before .
the sewage and road repair in certain spots has been as if it was restarted from scratch .
take interviews with branches that are outside your top three aswell it 's good practice for the ones you care about
on the other hand they 're the exception to the rule because they 're directly in conflict with the dark one which puts rand in the same category
it 's been 9 years for me since i lost my first love .
i was with her almost everyday for 5 years .
i was so hurt and took all the pain on myself as if i was at fault .
today i wish i just never dwelled on it and put myself in the spotlight that i put her in .
i wish i started sooner emptying the weak and created strength .
i wish i would have ate healthy and worked out more because i should of loved myself more .
the more you build yourself up the more people will see your worth .
then you 'll meet people that are happy to be in your life because you are you .
this current situation you are in is controlling everything .
break the bad habit and plan your days around being living to yourself .
you are all you really truly have in this life .
everyone goes on there own journey at some point .
but you can get past that pain and put more time into being content without needing another to be your everything .
just say we are over and i 'm moving on '' .
then set up goals you want to accomplish and focus those .
your life is n't over it 's just a silly relationship that helps you toughen up for the real meaningful relationships yet to come .
get to work on being in your own skin .
and if you want a new guy then just message me p
i have always had and expressed negative opinions about the craft bag .
i would n't torture anyone by asking them to check my reddit history in this sub but i 'm sure you 've heard it all by now .
i always forget to mention bank space as the craft bag has always been the main focus of my attention .
but i logged in started my writs on my main and noticed my inventory shot up from 43/200 to 145/200 and when i wanted to stash items that i would normally share between alts intricates and glyphs and recipes etc .
i could n't because my bank was now full due to the double-bank-space feature '' .
then i thought of having to run to my bank to grab alchemy mats for writs instead of it just pulling directly from the craft bag .
i thought of the countless x200-stacks each taking up a precious slot .
as for paraphrasing if you do something else it will probably cost more .
if there 's no money there 's no spending .
this is n't me choosing how to spend money but rather time .
if you understood something about global politics and terrorism you might understand why us and israeli embassies are prime targets for bombing wherever they are .
my son went to a home daycare between 11-18 mos and while it looked good on paper we quickly noticed things that we did not like too much screentime our son getting too much sun during the day it did n't look like she applied sunscreen or let him use his hat too much junk food and sweet things .
he also came home once with a bump on his head where his provider said he fell down a short flight of stairs and hit concrete ! ! .
we could not wait to transfer him to the centre at 18 months .
he thrived at the daycare centre but it was n't without problems either .
he had a tough adjustment when he went from a smaller toddler class to a larger preschool class and he is now dealing with a couple of bullies in his last yr at the centre .
he equally got sick at both but i would say the frequency of getting sick was more at the home daycare likely because it was where he was first exposed to multiple germs .
we do like the long hrs at the centre and the fact that they hardly close for extenuating reasons .
if we were to do it all over again i would definitely take 18 mos of parental leave and just send my son to the centre without going the home daycare route .
it was one bad experience but finding good home daycare providers can be a challenge .
you do know that he shut down small businesses but bent over backwards for the large corporations such as loblaws i.e .
they say there are no wrong opinions but ix being by far the worst of the four is a wrong opinion
even though i do n't particularly enjoy bfv graphically it 's pretty impressive
since i want to have the plots watered in summer 1 can i wait till that day to harvest ?
or they will still spoil even if ready to harvest
kids are n't sitting on reddit planning their attacks they are sitting in class breaking down the security protocols they walk through every day .
it 's more important people know the fallacy of security as it will get pushed as a solution that will do nothing .
i do n't remember a time when i did n't feel anxious in the minutes leading up to 8:30am .
since it was originally designed to deploy smoke screens and was given explosive payloads later .
no it was designed to be a rocket launcher from the very start only officially stated to be a smoke screen layer at start because they wanted to downplay rearmament .
same as how the leichttraktor was not a repurposed agricultural device and the lefh18 was not designed in 1918 but the official version was that it 's just a mature design from wwi germany so no weapon development ever took place they just recycled old plans totally ...
we have the team to do it but we are to in and out of games .
where as storm and panthers are almost perfect the whole game we tend to play good for 60mins and have about 20mins of bad in us
because in my ranked games at platinum and higher silver levels basically everybody falls for it .
there has only been a few instances where they have n't .
and that was because i was n't staying at the angle spot .
i honestly though loon and wiggins would have a vote or two .
the bandaid idea is very clever i 've never thought about that .
plus where the series is at rn feels like 343 beating a dead horse .
infinite kinda flopped 5 was bad and the tv was trash ... .
they can keep the universe and start a new story but i think 343 continuing the story after his sendoff in h3 was a bad idea .
sometimes it seems people would rather live in a james bond blockbuster with made up plots than in the real world with its obvious problems .
get something that you are interested in first and go from there .
for me i 'm a completionist so i started from silver age .
you may like modern comics and not silver age so .
it 's sad that homosexual people ca n't adopt children in my country .
his kids r just pawns to his grand scheme .
i am so sorry this happened to you but i would like to thank you for being brave enough to come forth and say what happened .
even if it 's just reddit ... ..it 's still incredibly courageous .
also this is probably not his first time forcing girls into unprotected sex so i suggest also getting tested as soon as you are able to do so .
it was worth it to grow up even just to become big and protect mom .
today 's forecast is looking like fire with a chance of ... brimstone
the one you used is the old form so you will sometimes see it in writings from before the writing reformations but it not considered correct for modern japanese .
depending on the keyboard you 're using the correct one might just be falling further down the list especially now that you 've used the other form it 'll assume you want that one now .
verga has a slang meaning of dick in latin american spanish portuguese and italian and has feminine grammatical gender .
wordgirl clears easily because she easily threw some of tobey 's robots into the sun in a couple of seconds and brightburn does n't have any feats close to that
there was a vampire in a tome cutscene https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jmn1guqb9qc not so long ago ... no idea why they included it or what exactly it means but yeah
at the time people said it was a new killer teaser ... but they 're usually a bit more subtle with those and do n't jump right to a full face reveal so i do n't think it was that
but yeah would be great to get one of the classic movie monsters as a killer ... a werewolf killer would be so amazing
noch hereditär grün die aber leider in fast allen themengruppen 1-2 schwerpunkte haben an denen man sich arg stoßen kann .
by that argument the turkish people did n't vote for the akp .
just 26 million votes for akp out of a 84 million population .
but that ignores that not everyone is eligible to vote and not everyone that is eligible actually does vote .
reality is that the kurdish populated regions electoral/provincial district were predominately won by hdp .
and even if hdp got fewer voters than expected for the population akp got even less in the regions that hdp won .
well yes it was a 3-0 but last game showed signs of life was n't able to catch the first 2 for na lol
so very true i wish this was more apparent !
our whole essence is basically a sponge that reflects shapes and shifts us and our reality based on what we absorb .
dude really just put the saturation slider up so hard to broke the limit then posted it pretending it 's amazing
that man is a creep and the teacher should have never told your daughter about him .
bobb has been better than kayky this season but for some reason he 's never mentioned .
should go elsewhere and a pursue first team football probably .
is n't it mentioned in a different tab like ancient israel or something .
also if ancient israel is mentioned in the same tab should n't it be longer ?
if you have a partner they 're very lucky and i 'm incredibly jealous
has anyone investigated how much the door lobby has contributed to these guys ?
welcome ... to the fuckin ... . club ... . lol .
i swear my journaling is wow i have n't written in forever .
oh yeah i got this homo sapiens and it 's amazing .
then post about it in a comment on reddit to trigger bsb-haters . ''
actually after i played a bit mobile damn is this the same game ?
i love the representation of all the complex parental relationships in the show .
even caitlin and her parents mainly her mother and jayce and his own mother .
the senate is a terrible institution that deserves no respect .
yeah true the world was in black and white .
i have a daughter that is younger than her and significantly bigger .
but apparently the child actor is 9 years old .
never mow another man 's lawn ... .. although i think this is a euphemism as well 🤷🏻‍♂️😂
there 's an ot program in the same school the pt program is and the incoming ot and pt students take anatomy and the lab together in the first semester so i 'm definitely familiar with it and a few of their instructors .
you used the item 'really impressive title ' and did 16 extra order damage .
at the request of most of the people on this thread i am leaving to go do my dissertation .
how is that different from like you have to stop the antagonist from building a giant space laser or else it will destroy the universe ?
r/irlgirls is a subreddit that highlights the average girl that you see in your everyday life .
since the girls posted here are not famous or have a huge following we want to make sure that this is an anti-stalker subreddit .
it is not fair to put a girl 's safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you will be banned if you post/ask for a source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
this one gives me an idea workplace violence restraining order .
then again he died without a trace so maybe do n't take this advice .
the thing is that they 're not even that ugly .
look at pictures of these incels and most of them would look fine or even attractive if they just took a shower and shaved .
they 're not as ugly as they think they are .
hell most people are just average looking as long as you do n't have a visible disfigurement or something severe like that .
their real problem is that they put too much of their self worth on the fact that they 've never had a girlfriend and it makes them angry when they get rejected by girls because they think it makes them less of a person and they think that the way that they feel is women 's fault for being too shallow when usually the reason women wo n't date them is because of their personality and not their appearance .
ugly guys can get dates if they have a decent personality and know how to socialize .
but no matter how you look you ca n't get a date if your only knowledge of how to interact with women comes from self-described pickup artists on reddit or youtube who tell you to do creepy stuff that makes women feel unsafe around you .
the best way to have a healthy sex life is to just have a healthy social life in general and finding a romantic partner will come naturally .
yup agreed on both points it is a lovely experience and anyone can do it .
we are home nudist as society is n't much acceptable but it 's a pleasing experience .
twat was 18 so he is n't a child .
the real question should be why do we allow blithering idiots to buy firearms without any verification or registration whatsoever ? ''
fuck the ban just have a license that says i know how to operate a gun safely and know that shooting someone for having a different opinion is bad '' and precisely fuckall else and that alone will curb if not eliminate the lion 's share of this shit .
more if the various alphabet soups can get their shit together on reporting when someone raises a red flag on themselves .
imagine naming your school after not only traitors but disgraced loser traitors .
absolutely i have n't watched newsies all the way through but i was getting newsies vibes at times .
i keep seeing similar posts from men on the short guys posts here saying what if i said no fat chix '' or similar as if the world would end if they did that i 'm speculating on the impact it would make .
people just want to imagine that they are above baby talk because they think it 's embarrassing .
jk probably just yelling at his kids or jerking off a cop .
i have the dvds so have the director 's commentary and it 's really interesting .
the first time she worked as an actress and she 's incredible !
wow you 're as courageous as the cops that did n't go into the school .
and got inferno cape and got banned the next day .
i used a bluelite plugin for helping with inferno capes
using bluelight and got banned i should of probably not done that but i wanted it for practice and i didnt want to do it like that to learn and then do it without it but i didnt have a main to use the pluggin with to test account safety .
anyways i got banned and it was the best thing to have ever happen to me osrs is fun but omg isi it a time consuming and then with nex and bunch of other shit its just too much of a grind .
i hope jagex doesnt unban me cause idk if i would have the strength to not come back xd
i would delete ur account whatever is the closest way to acheiving that whether its changing email to log in and then like changing the pasword to email and account if ur serious or something along those lines .
i love hk 's but i find myself using glocks more .
it seems kind of like a paraphrase of the phaedo 95c or 107a .
spread over the whole room instead of a tiny target that 's not too much
fuck yeah baby creep on my profile and degrade me .
i tow a similar size tt with a frontier and have been thinking of upgrading to a titan .
how do you like it as a tow vehicle ?
the point is that attraction is def a part of sex .
maybe she 's not attracted to me and i just do n't know .
that would make more sense in fact as to why she does n't initiate or want it .
point being is that life is too short to be this way without being open .
i dont blame them for telling me to put a mask and whether or not its power tripping idk .
but that worker was definitely taking some frustrations out when it happened lol .
was legit scolding me with her mask on her chin ? ?
with a medium amount of force your thumb can still slip off .
i have n't tried mostly because i do n't want to risk my phone becoming bricked .
i only installed it to turn on supervision this way i would n't have to restore my device and be force to update the newest version of ios .
i do always wonder what stuff we think is fine today will be speculated on like this in the future though .
i really hope some day to do the same if i ever get to have a son 3
i love kim kardashian 's song but what the fuck does she know about managing a municipality ?
i do n't think robertson actually rates saka that highly nor do a lot of players .
more so the fact that he 's scottish and any time he can shut down the star '' english winger he takes a lot of pride in that .
a lot of successful young people choose to stay with their folks nowadays including me .
but i love my family and i do n't know how many more good years i get with them .
i turned into a he spammer yesterday on my marblehead because i was 'forced ' to by the requirement to get my 40 fires .
play serov any british bb or any ijn cruiser to get this done easy .
for some reason what comes to mind is that the police were counting the number of shots and they figured that they were still some children left alive .
i guess they wanted to have the feds wait until everyone was dead
thats wotb_joe i think and yes he made soo many videos like that and ngl he has insane crate rng in a video he got smasher twice in two smasher lootboxes
likely what you want to do is open an individual rrsp with a provider of your choice and then rollover the money from your current group rrsp .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=jeevitha4 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly that was my exact thoughts i just needed someone else to tell me to too
only heard the twist but maybe it got better .
however that begs the question the rest of the villagers do n't seem to know that magic is real see lewis not being able to see the junimos in the community centre marnie not knowing that the wizard lives in his tower or what he does there but willy who by all accounts is just some guy has never questioned the existence of or attempted to consume the eternally fresh glittery bright purple star-shaped fruit passed down through his family ?
iirc he 's also the one who tells you about the winter star being connected to the stardrop at the feast of the winter star .
what does willy know that the rest of pelican town does n't ?
could he be in league with marlon and gil protecting pelican town from mysterious sea monsters while also keeping the villagers ignorant of the magical powers all around them ?
ay bruh if i ever see u irl i 'm buying u drinks all night u just solved my issue thank u so much its been a pain in my ass for a quite a bit ngl
you know how scabs fall off as you heal ?
but what if the majority of people see things differently ?
what if the data we have demonstrates the success of policies that result from their differing viewpoint ?
so police are not required to protect me that 's just more reason to reduce the national load of mass-casualty weaponry .
but then only criminals will have the big guns .
ok only criminals have brass knuckles therefore we should legalize them ?
following that reasoning just leads to a counterproductive arms race .
we 're seeing the results of said arms race already police who are more fearful of taking on a single impulsive 18 year old than ever before costs of police gear skyrocketing and draining funds from other programs the meteoric rise of swat teams and the practice of swatting lowered public opinion of police as they militarize building schools like prisons .
as for self defense there are myriad mechanisms that are proven to be more effective at deterring an aggressor and preserving your life than carrying any gun let alone the unrealistic idea of toting long guns everywhere .
maybe but we do need to acknowledge that any gun in your home is proven to increase your and your loved ones ' chance of death .
i know everyone says they 're the exception though .
there are also far more effective ways to defend your home than having a gun inside it .
actually if a criminal knows you have a gun in there that just makes it a high value target especially if they heard from a friend of a friend that you do n't lock it up .
i know a guy in lakewood who was getting robbed at gunpoint during the process he tried to draw his own gun he got shot ... he 's paraplegic now .
during the trial the shooter was asked why he 'd shoot someone over a few hundred bucks the shooter kid said because he reached for a gun . ''
it 's just my opinion but i 'd rather have a lifetime of functional legs than a macho 'i defended myself ' story .
that 's anecdotal but so are the feel-good stories .
somehow the sad stories do n't get near as much press as the a grandma in indiana shot a home invader '' stories as a result our society has a very skewed sense of reality .
other countries are better at addressing these issues than us let 's admit it and at least try what they 're doing instead of clinging to what is at this point egotistical and self-destructive exceptionalism .
maam how did you forget that was like 5 chapters ago lmfoa
by the way this post is from un truth social .
twitter and musk should gang up on that network for infringement .
protune to take anything from pump 91 to ignite racing e98
plus a bunch of other supporting mods but those are the big ones
you said the problem with xander is n't that he 's flawed .
yet xander gets more hate than the other flawed '' characters .
she treats xander worse than he treats her throughout their time together .
you said one of the things i liked about the series finale is that xander does n't get a happy ending .
and i am to believe that people do n't hate him ?
willow from season six on acted worse than xander yet xander gets way more hate .
actual villains like drusilla glory darla lilah angel the series are loved even though they are far worse people than xander .
i 'm new and i signed up with my google account so i had no idea .
that is true and in most cases would probably be the case .
i 'm just trying to say that someone having a vessel oc that identifies as being anything other than agender is still able to be canon .
do whatever you want with your characters i do not care
it would not be unprofessional to ask the recruiter what 's going on .
spider-man and astro boy also kinnikuman who was actually the inspiration for son goku .
should have been arrested for trespassing and being plain stupid !
i will share the resource with my partner because he and his ex may have been trying this already 🙏
i mean the universe is bigger than you imagine .
it 's possible aliens have been here longer with more advances technology and visited earth before humans were created and saw that there was no intelligent life here and just left .
but the idea of us humans going out to find them makes me uncomfortable .
we were put on earth and far away from them with no means to reach them for a reason i suppose .
i believe that there is life on other planets but not necessarily aliens .
there are already tardigrades a highly-resilient microorganism also called a water bear living on the moon .
so yeah i 'm 100 certain that there is bacterial life on other planets just not intelligent beings .
sounds like you are using lip plumping lip gloss on the baby ... maybe do some more research before buying next time .
imho 4 is too young to use makeup so often that they have their dedicated product ...
exploiting that has been fairly effective in recent decades .
that beat in the background makes it sort of funny
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the last 7 days so this post has been removed .
we only allow one post per 7 day period to give everyone a chance to have their cock rated .
this time period still applies regardless of if you 've deleted previous posts .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fratemycock .
20 hrs of upt drops in like 10 days or something i think you could make it through
of listings 1 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22frecksbux 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 5 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22frecksbux 22 20or 20title 3a 22frecksbux 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
started yoga almost 5 months ago and everyone says my posture has improved which is like dam 🦫 it was bad ? ?
if i can spread those cheeks and enjoy your tightest hole !
my primary issue is the inquisitors losing the jedi at the beginning .
that seems like a rookie mistake in my opinion when these guys are supposed to be professionals .
i also have trouble believing that organa a powerful senator did n't have anyone else to call on for help it seems like he missed a few steps and went straight to the nuclear option .
but those are minor issues that i can accept because they got the story moving .
i have n't seen episode 2 yet so i do n't know how i 'll feel about that one .
anyone who mutilates a child should be sentenced to life in prison .
is a ciso '' of a trash tier org that nobody cares about .
i was with my two sisters home alone we were all sitting in the living room suddenly 2 doors started opening and closing really fast .
we immediately went a checked if there were any windows open there were n't
then we checked if someone else was there there was n't
not really mate but i recommend u to wait on the last day of tots n if ur falling short of points for a specific player then u could buy the pass .
mandeep singh is the only sureshot release for dc no idea about who else we release .
three hundred fifty and you have to provide the ice .
it 's arrogance to believe that there is only one reality .
hi idk if this helps but maybe a prop firm is something to start with ?
you do n't need any degree you just have to pass a trading challenge e.g .
drawdown 10 and you will get a funded account from them .
it is obv more trading scalping/swing then investing but idk maybe it is something for you ?
i think the swans are in with a genuine chance next week for precisely this reason .
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/geopolitica if you have any questions or concerns .
just to clarify the second link is referring to severodonetsk .
it 's not referring to the entire donbass or ukraine has a whole .
ik theyre recent series are kinda bad but the movies arent that bad .
i 'm living in a small village in austria so i generally feel safe .
i also feel safe in the center of cities but i probably would n't go to the outer quarters .
but yeah anywhere else i 'm feeling safe i love running through the forest at night for example .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/mp7uwbzy66291.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
hey guys i think this guy thinks we should maybe just never engage in politics and hope the government does something good
this is wrong and also an important reason to study history .
the articles of confederation the document preceding the us constitution fell apart largely because states had too much power and were frequently ignoring the federal government .
there is a supremacy clause in the us constitution .
state law does not trump federal law except where explicitly enumerated and there are very few areas where state law has been given more power areas which are very restricted .
marijuana is not legal anywhere in the us despite what you have seen .
if you work as a federal contractor you find that out quick as they require drug testing by law .
however it is the case that the federal government over the last decade or so has decided to largely stop enforcing federal marijuana laws .
it is not the case that the state laws are beating federal laws but rather that we had a president obama step in and order the executive branch to stop investigating/enforcing those federal laws .
that effectively killed all prosecution of those laws as the doj is under the executive branch which takes out the fbi and federal prosecutors .
but that could be reversed at literally any time .
the feds could come back online under some new president and start enforcing all of the laws again .
the reason we have n't seen it is because it would be so wildly unpopular and would require arresting literally tens of millions of people .
it would probably start mass riots throughout many parts of the us .
idiots bow to the altar of climate change while the bio weapons labs run at peak lethality .
remember to check our discord where you can get faster responses !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pcbuild if you have any questions or concerns .
cultivate a strong sense of community so people stop seeing other own-business minding people as range targets .
politicians calling other humans animals '' under any circumstance should be seriously alarming .
that 's very interesting although i probably wo n't remember much of it not in a stem field .
when minecraft would break back in beta whatever it was 1.3.x maybe ?
it was about 12 million blocks out but the game would n't crash until you reached the 32 bit integer limit 2.1 billion iirc .
the part that i always found very interesting was that once you went a certain exponent of two blocs out from spawn each block 's model would be offset from its texture and for every exponent of 2 it would offset by another pixel or two .
super fascinating to me as a 10 year old .
did n't edit the photo at all kinda surprised it went this golden in colour .
someone literally predicted a bucks win in here before the playoffs
tbh the shoes are definitely a placeholder im rly struggling to find some i actually like 😭
noted is it worth using one or both of the claw dupes for prestige ?
there will be a point in which the speed of the inserter providing scine packs will not be fast enough for the labs .
genghis khan was responsible for the deaths of as many as 40 million people .
we did n't ban the name genghis did we !
his words could be applied sa 2016 elections when this certain candidate lost din .
also it 's very normal and natural to dislike the outcome of the elections .
the beauty of democracy is n't as perfect as everyone believes .
it 's horrid especially in this country where we idolize and not think critically .
filipinos are easily swayed by short-term promises but not long term .
i 've clicked myself through 4 via news sites .
have some decency and link at least the original source https www.nature.com/articles/s41586-022-04722-0
with those key sounds it 's almost like lofi hiphop
no and with sam 's is a third party company that do delivery 's shipping are all handle by fedex
i also had a great experience with birdy grey last summer !
the whole process went really smoothly and the quality was great .
i 'm going to have to check it out lol .
they probably heard there was an active shooter a couple towns over .
you do n't see that on gardening shows or jamie oliver do you ?
although i would agree easy ryder '' was already giving rock music a prominent role in the story without being a musical .
ride of the valkiries '' rightly so important to mention .
hashtags aside pictures on paul 's instagram are way more normal '' than taina 's they do n't look staged but far more natural like a normal family .
or to put it another way you would n't find amber herd curling one out in bill gates bed
i think the last movie he acted without a wig is aaraam thampuran .
arming teachers is just more gun sales and good for gun makers and the politicians who are supported by them .
maybe there 's a problem with the culture of today .
it was easier to guns in the 50s and 60s way way easier .
why have the restrictions gotten tighter but the school shootings increase ?
there is something deeply wrong with the culture the left is trying to put on the us that 's causing this to occur .
hell two states with massive gun crime are ny and cali and guess how strict their gun laws are .
there is something deeper here this did n't used to happen .
it is important to note that pen requirements are not linear .
for example 50 penetration on a 6 deck game is not playable unless the game has say a player advantage off the top a la certain blackjack tables in medellin colombia .
50 penetration on a 2 deck game while not ideal is playable .
with fewer decks you can get away with lower penetration .
dug up a super old cr7 madrid kit with the bwin shirt sponser and put it on .
if bladder pain is referring to your ovary maybe ?
my company just migrated from clear case and it 's been a godsend
i do n't know xd personaly i understand the salt it happens .
not at low speed tracks like monaco although i would n't hate adding barrel roll through the tunnel 😂 and to your point with equal downforce on two cars in the same corner the heavier car wo n't be able to corner as quickly due to increased lateral loads working against the grip .
the aero downforce is essentially supplying a centripetal force to the car through grip and with increased car mass the centripetal acceleration would have to decrease .
it 's hard for me to strike up a convo with complete strangers .
i picked a meetup that strongly resonated and i went regularly for months until i had learned a little about the regulars and felt more comfortable talking to them .
i 'm a diehard fan as well and i enjoy the hell out of it .
rides and shops aside just sitting in that area listening to the distant sound of cantina music alien chatter in the marketplace and random ships zooming overhead ...
funny thing is i honestly think after grf he just kept getting mostly sidegrades on his team doran doran deft ruler psyosik peanut never an upgrade except keria the one split and an actual downgrade on hle top side lol .
a groundbreaking history of the rise and decline of the vast and imposing comanche empire
in the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries a native american empire rose to dominate the fiercely contested lands of the american southwest the southern great plains and northern mexico .
this powerful empire built by the comanche indians eclipsed its various european rivals in military prowess political prestige economic power commercial reach and cultural influence .
yet until now the comanche empire has gone unrecognized in american history .
this compelling and original book uncovers the lost story of the comanches .
it is a story that challenges the idea of indigenous peoples as victims of european expansion and offers a new model for the history of colonial expansion colonial frontiers and native-european relations in north america and elsewhere .
pekka hämäläinen shows in vivid detail how the comanches built their unique empire and resisted european colonization and why they fell to defeat in 1875 .
with extensive knowledge and deep insight the author brings into clear relief the comanches ' remarkable impact on the trajectory of history .
published in association with the william p. clements center for southwest studies southern methodist university .
67277 books suggested i do n't feel so good.. https debugger.medium.com/goodreads-is-retiring-its-current-api-and-book-loving-developers-arent-happy-11ed764dd95 source https github.com/rodohanna/reddit-goodreads-bot
the absolute bias of just focusing on spanish type music and flamenco dancers smh .
hi i 'm op and the tank in this scenario .
so what was the purpose in you posting this here ?
if you play like a single pulling troll tank long enough eventually you 'll encounter someone who completely loses their patience with you and goes off like that ?
are we supposed to be laughing at the guy frustrated he 's getting trolled by the piece of shit troll tank ?
because you 're still the piece of shit troll tank in the scenario .
and i like how you labeled yourself as sprout tank '' as if calling yourself a sprout absolves you from playing like a troll .
guess what genuine sprouts do n't pull out the bullshit drama tank meme quotes like if you wan na go faster play tank yourself '' .
real sprouts keep their mouths shut and observe and learn from other players .
you did n't do that so you 're not a sprout you 're just another asshole single pulling troll tank .
time to bring the cl final to south america as a trade for the libertadores final played in madrid
i will gladly roll the lowest number a dozen times for every time i roll the highest number and still feel like i came out ahead .
dnd to me is not about winning it is about cool shaped plastic rocks imagination and laughter .
looney is kind of having a baby rodman moment a la tristan thompson several years back .
extra possessions are incredibly valuable in the playoffs and can help a struggling offense get back on track
imo justice is 'you get what you give ' i think that if and this is just an example a person gets murdered according to today 's standards justice is imprisoning the assailant that 's not justice though how does one get jailed for taking a whole life ?
true justice would be them being killed preferably in the same way the victim was .
also i do n't think it 's fully fair to treat everyone the exact same way it would make more sense to treat people based on their situation
guerilla mods has a great one check the description here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=18itomax-ty
so far i 've only had a minor connection issue that fixed itself instantly .
i do n't use sniper my multiplayer deck is grenadier engineer private sonya and carol i use to use shovel instead of carol and this deck works pretty well even work well in the last league
i do n't know how the hell it happened but dbd is 10x better .
completely opposite of not man-made but forest hills cemetery is stunning .
the horticulture is world class and the ornate victorian headstones and crypts are interesting eye candy .
and close enough to the arboretum if you wanted to do both .
op nadd_factory please check for sauce in the following reposts found in the other subreddits .
whatanime help finding souce of anime figu https redd.it/uzu2k6 100 may 29 2022 00:43:32 1 1 nadd_factory
do not reply to dms of users that can not successfully comment https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/safetrading wiki_do_your_research.2c_both_on_the_items_and_the_other_user first on your post this is a safety measure to ensure they are not banned from the subreddit .
do not use zelle or paypal venmo friends family https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/safetrading wiki_paypal_buyer.27s_protection_is_your_friend.2c_.a.k.a._friends_.26amp.3b_family_is_not_your_friend or other alternative payment methods .
check the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php scamwatch meta https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/pl7oom/meta_scammer_scams_to_avoid especially before trades or purchases
be cautious of trades offers that are too good to be true requests to go off-platform and always request comprehensive timestamps https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/rules/rules wiki_timestamps
report suspicious activity to modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmechmarket
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechmarket if you have any questions or concerns .
g2 look awful right now but faze just lost it
there 's already a huge teacher shortage ... they need every teacher they can get .
what if teachers across the country refuse to to start the next school year until they enact changes ?
at the very least changing the age requirement to 21 to own a gun .
if a petition is started now and millions of teachers sign that leaves districts and state federal government to sweat it out over the summer .
you could try using low power mode and reduce white point to lower your screen brightness but i 'm not sure if there 's anything else
poke poke so soft and squishy someone is getting fat 😏 keep eating summer is coming and you surely fit well into your summer clothes
you try it and let me know how it goes .
the entire movie was an ad that 's what pissed people off they payed to be told to play these games and buy these things
clearly you do n't know the difference between good gacha and the terrible disgusting gacha .
these shows always rely on nostalgia to overlook general faults in writing/plot but yeah i fall for it every time with no shame .
ewan back in the role is great to see and he really brings it even if you do n't like the writing i think all of the actors are enjoying it/bringing it .
once vader 's fully involved the show 's gon na be on another level and people will forget the lame chase sequences .
with such a tool why you want to be a bottom 😔 ?
oh it 's really good just freaked me the hell out .
rightfully that 's a fucking psycho move to kick someone like that .
the big one i remember was frankie said something like i saw you dancing/pushing garrets memaw on the dance floor
and annie says something like no that was aunt polly i have n't met memaw yet do you think she 's upset because i 'm not dancing with her ?
ok. then you explain to me why a responsible gun owner should not have insurance .
if you need pain pills or medication for mental health issues the only person who should decide that is a qualified medical practitioner and if you do n't need them you should n't get them .
i 've been selling op for almost 3 years now and the only decent one that i do n't have a huge amount of returns is the n200 for current gen but 7pro is always the go to if available
op you are n't here for a discussion but rather validation from people who feel the same way right ?
your replies to people who prefer western music are so dismissive .
all music is good music as long as you like it .
it 's okay to prefer kpop as a genre .
soloists such as 10cm do not emphasise on choreographies but instead audience atmosphere .
and they belong in the korean music genre you speak of .
once your problem is solved reply to the answer s saying solution verified to close the thread .
follow the submission rules r/excel/wiki/sharingquestions particularly 1 and 2 .
include your excel version and all other relevant information r/excel/wiki/sharingquestions wiki_give_all_relevant_information
failing to follow these steps may result in your post being removed without warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/excel if you have any questions or concerns .
and now i 'm sitting at 99rr when i should 've promoted to d2 .
no matter the verdict after this studios will flock to have him in their movies .
they can all see the millions upon millions of people screaming for him that support alone is enough for studios to want him in their movies let alone his skill as an actor
you could use your side unblockable to force him to make a move .
i talk to my dog all the freaking time ... .
i 've seen what the women of this country can knit there will be no shortage of bunting .
just got the same desk to fit into my far too small apartment 😅
that was enough to keep most planets at 90s stability or even capped 100 maximizing output .
as a data scientist with a background in geology i approve this message .
viszont az ilyen nagyszabású minden 3. influencer ugyanazt reklámozza típust hagyagolom nem próbálom ki .
ha a my proteint nem ismertem és szerettem volna meg korábban szerintem az se nagyon fogna meg ezzel hogy még görbe palkó is ott van a sorban náluk.. 😅
because she 's a woman and she is not allowed to defend herself from a male .
if she does she 's sheet talking and being rude while the guy remains in the right .
same goes for why could n't ray walk away why does it have to be ash ?
at this point i do n't think he has parents .
hmm kinda expected yoh to have an outside chance going into final block night .
ngl one of my favorite story ideas is having a main character who has friends who seem so odd to be friends with .
hoping we get to see why these two hunks obsess over him .
i started going to the gym when i was 304lbs and honestly people at the gym are usually nice and will help or advise if i 'm doing something wrong .
for me it 's been nice and i never really felt like quitting so far .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
can we all agree though that ckear is the underdog in this taste war ?
hahaha thanks that was the best addition to this thread made me laugh
man visits his hometown after a mass shooting of children and this is all you could come up with you pathetic dweeb ?
did titoist yugoslavia have much more innovation and much more choices and much higher living standards ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
i went through xanax withdrawal alone in my dorm room junior year .
i drank like every night for years and then at 23 the doctor said i had a fatty liver and i immediately quit for a couple years until it was healthy i went back to it later but in moderation .
i used to love hydrocodeines to the point that i quit just because it scared me how much i liked them .
i 've been able to quit all that other bullshit with no help but i ca n't quit this .
i want to be mentally healthy enough to quit but seeing a psychiatrist every 3 months and a therapist every week is not enough for me .
i 'm not sure what i need but i need to be watched more closelybut that honestly scares me and i do n't think you can get that for weed with my health insurance as they wo n't take me seriously .
i think i 've just got to stop feeling sorry for myself do it and then find some kind of mental health treatment to help with the fall out from quitting .
what penlight did you use or where did you buy that .
i was there and was very impressed of you guys xd
there 's a difference between close and far family and also differences in amounts .
the fact that you can do something does n't mean you know how to do it .
i work in land surveying and new talent is desperately needed in the building industry .
even if you stuck strictly to art i think it would inspire people in our field to produce more inspired work .
i really look forward to seeing more of your work .
toh is 'more serialized ' because they had to condense the plot that was supposed to cover two seasons into one and also because the network interfered with early season 1 meaning more meaningless filler early on .
so that 's why season 2 has been this fast with introducing new characters/plot points if the show had less issues behind the scenes its pacing would have been more in line with amphibia or gf .
and i do n't really think the story of either shows is particularly complex it 's just that this toh half season introduces a lot of stuff at once without having the time to flesh it out
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/thickthighs r/pornhole r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/tiktokporno r/camslut4u r/onlyfansgirlsgw r/milf101 r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/webcamshows r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothiss if you have any questions or concerns .
i still miss my first pet my beloved cat that adored me and i left her there with her.. i could take a new pet but i just cant emotionally anymore .
i was thinking that i will go out there in the countryside and steal my pet back and it would be easy af .
but i just cant do that emotionally to my pet .
at this point i miss my pet more than i miss her ...
one day a year really does nothing to make you ready to handle such a situation .
t1 lost draft if g2 lose this they would have never won any other game anyway .
i 've watched plenty of games i never touched lol
personally i have to agree the seasonal ornament does look pretty bad apart from the head but i think it tries to fit a niche it fits ahmkara grasps and stareater scales quite well i also really like the dungeon armor more tactical military kind of wear personally i would have had the seasonal ornamnents replaced with hakke and the dungeon armor be the the seasonal ornaments
its lost forever i did n't know how to save and died to a rat so the game sent me to the title screen lol
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
plenty of solicitors would not have done that for a variety of reasons including the fact that you are almost certainly not going to win a case against someone for putting the wrong address on an order even if it was the companies fuckup .
had the same issue i just fully closed the launcher there is an option on the right to do so and relaunched .
yes just make sure to put in ppto to cover the full amount of time you will be missing
it 's at 558 ft. of elevation about 12 miles south of town along the river .
eh i 'll be heading back to oz in a few months anyway .
let 's see if they can find me ... lol
i keep hearing this that border patrol killed the shooter but how do we know that that 's actually what happened !
police have lied day after day after day their stories keep changing .
why should we believe that a brave off-duty border patrol agent went and killed the shooter while heavily militarized gi joe cops were tasing parents and putting them in handcuffs outside ?
i want to see the autopsy report before anything is concluded about the shooter 's demise .
that 's such a good point about the phone !
maybe they did n't want them to know they got the right address ?
he did it sipping lemonade painting and enjoying war profits .
she 's a f'ing bad person is what she is .
genuinely good people never have to tell the world they are a good person because their actions tell their story .
i want one so bad but i 'm worried i 'll accidentally zone out or something and crash .
the only way i can drive is if i have the radio on and it 's occupying part of my mind so the rest can focus .
even then i 'm changing through songs like crazy .
that 's why stupid ass idiots like him will always have jobs .
it 's the way they swear in a book called the stormlight archives
you are a monster and i will not be responding to you any further .
saying sarf like the queen makes you working class ?
add in that ambulances generally are n't covered by insurance at all
if paganism is your thing there 's a lot of genres of metal to go at
i usually use a wide tooth comb to distribute conditioner evenly while in the shower .
but other then that i brush my hair dry .
i 'm not sure how i could 've damaged my hair since it 's been like this as long as i can remember way before i bleached my hair .
i used a curling iron twice when i was younger litterally 7 and i do n't use a blow dryer .
please read this entire message in length before messaging the moderators or you will not receive a response .
your post has been automatically removed as it appears you are asking
we do not allow these posts as they lead to a great deal of spam .
r/diy is focused on the how what technique to employ and how to use the tools .
what general type of product or tool required to carry out a particular task consider asking your question in the getting started r/diy/about/sticky thread at the top of r/diy rather than creating a new post
if you need recommendations for a product you 'll probably have better luck in a more specialised subreddit eg r/homeimprovement or r/woodworking etc .
for help requests please be sure you 've read the rules r/diy/wiki/guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
no we planned on it once i got her number .
note this only applies if you think it goes up .
if you invested in a shitty project 99 of them it 's most likely not going up ever again you just lost .
there is n't a one-size-fits answer to this question as the methods you need to make 8 figures through marketing will vary depending on your experience and industry .
however some common strategies for making money from marketing include
conduct market research and find an audience that needs a specific product or service .
once you have grasped what they want and how best to deliver it to them there 's no stopping you !
partner with an existing business or become a franchise owner .
whichever route you choose the key is to set yourself up for success by developing strong branding and creating effective content that attracts attention from potential customers .
once you have built a loyal following it 's easy to reap the rewards .
speak at industry tradeshows establish yourself as an authority figure within your field by giving presentations at major events .
there are many different channels available for making money through marketing from online strategies to print advertising and even event sponsorship .
it 's important to be versatile when exploring new methods of marketing as technologies evolve frequently – so keeping up with industry trends is essential if you want to stay ahead of the curve .
and finally always remember that professionalism is key when trying to succeed in this field misrepresenting yourself or your company can quickly damage your credibility .
the most important thing is to start with something that you 're really passionate about and then find a way to translate that passion into useful content .
you can create your own mini businesses around specific niches or industries and then use your platform as an expert in those areas to generate leads and drive traffic back towards your products/services .
the more engaged and educated your audience is the better off you will be !
missed opportunity to put the cards back in any morber
just as an example here 's what suffolk constabulary have to say on when you should call 999 https www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/999
serious damage is being or could be caused to property
a road traffic collision where someone is hurt or a danger is being caused to other road users
that 's just one example but the various police forces across the uk give advice which is generally some variant of this .
daarbij vind ik persoonlijk het groeien van vermogens ongelijkheid niet zo'n groot probleem .
zo lang we maar beter omgaan met lobbying in de politiek .
geef politici een vast salaris en verbied het ernaast bij verdienen in elke vorm .
do n't forget when he called that dude a pedo for calling his pedo submarine stupid .
wait not sure if that 's for or against ...
try to do chintuck as crazy as possible whyle mewing .
not for stretching ... just for a second to adjust your tongue.this will align the tongue even .
being sexually attracted to someone the same sex as yourself and not attracted to the opposite sex
i flew in april leeds to dublin and back again .
my brother also just flew from stanstead without problems .
manchester was not great recently but at least here there are options of which airport you can go to .
if i fly home which i did in april dublin is realistically the only option .
i used to fly to waterford but they have n't reopened since covid .
at this point i 'm looking forward to anyone who will interact with itto .
the highest ranking officer i was familiar with was my battalion commander who i thought was a dumbass for thinking i cared about his speeches .
i did n't know the brigade or division commanders and i ca n't imagine common soldiers giving a fuck about a corps commander .
this idea of generals being liked or whatever is bullshit
i see 1st gains less soreness after training pull up slowly workung my form gets better✊
103.5 klite my last go-to fm station that i listen to prepandemic has just been bought by the media arm of the villar family .
sila na nga nakabili ng frequency ng channel 2 they will also make kamkam the station the delivers the hits of the 90s and 2k today '' ?
you forget the trick of saving game before fighting in ykw1 that makes progress much easier
nemam 30 još ali posao mi je postao jedina aktivnost preko dana .
people need an excuse to get mad at le woke cancel culture
i saw this done to a woman on tiktok she is a wheelchair user and can not walk and he left the food on the gravel road outside her house .
she had to wait like an hour or two for her next caregiver to arrive so they could give her the food .
people are so inconsiderate i 've had many problems with uber and other ride services when trying to get rides for my disabled granma .
can you explain why you are setting up the smart bulbs on a guest network ?
why not just put it on the 2.4ghz network .
as it 's on the same device there 's no load benefits to having it on the guest network or is security your concern ?
my entire house has been dead silent since the final ended hours ago .
every one of my family members are devoted supporters of the club .
my mom and dad have been a supporter since 1970 and even he felt the pain .
like when the final whistle was blown my dad sat there shitfaced for a good 20 minutes .
the entire liverpool fan base experienced 17/18 and 18/19 in the span of a fucking week .
uk did exactly that 100 years ago in 1920 .
you can still own a gun but it has to be kept secure or at a range .
first of all why do people beg from me whenever they see mee its just annoying and if you are one of those who do it stop it pls
yeah but it used to be conservatives that would rant or faint over offenses to their sense of morality and call for censorship of media that might give people bad thoughts .
now it 's very left people doing it as well .
as someone born in the 80s it has been a weird convergence to witness .
it 's gone from live and let live to i only want things i like to exist in the world !
looks like it 's in certain format as the other so mine could be in soon
what a cutie pie i would like to lick your balls lick your little hole get you hard for me baby i will start licking your shaft all the way up to the tip of your cock and keep sucking you sweetie tell you cum inside my mouth how does that sound sweetheart💝💝💝
probabil pentru ca geamul respectiv are un coeficient de izolare termica redus pre inexistent .
sunt situatii si situatii in functie de ce izolatie exterioara ai geamurile cate grade faci in casa si ce umiditate e de la locatari gatit uscat haine pe calorifer etc .
eu de exemplu am balcon inchis cu termopane care au vreo 15 ani si plafonul e facut din panou sendvis cu spuma ultimul etaj .
caloriferul din balcon e pe un perete lateral fara geam si rar de tot gasesc cateva broboane pe geam daca sunt toate geamurile inchise si merge uscatorul de rufe in condensatie din balcon .
is it god or a human who is treating us like dirt ?
strip or massage first probably you can make those fun without being super intense about it !
i got mine about two years ago and i stocked up so i guess i still have the old shade .
violent narcissistic men have more sexual access than nice men .
if that 's the case there will be no win from red side lmao
that 's is official level id in that case back on track
its all good my bud im sure any brand is cheaper than blulab but yeah they have the best trunchen ec pen and ph meter by far .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i consider your opinion bad regardless but i think your status might have some bearing on your opinion .
for example i am poor and do not intend to have children and i reckon it 's my being poor that makes me take offense at your comment even though i do n't want kids of my own .
first data can be a cup off coffee or walks in a park in the forest or along the beach and take from there
once saw an old man hanging out of his truck window screeching at some 30-something man walking from his car parked in a handicap spot you ai n't handicapped !
maybe he found his way to chico and called in cops for shittalking backup .
multiple cloud providers can be used for a lot of different reasons .
if it 's purely for externalization while you rebuild the question becomes how long until you can rebuild .
if it 's continuous availability your services/code should be as platform agnostic as possible .
for a low complexity file storage '' the cloud provider should n't matter .
the only thing that changes is how that data may be accessed authentication and request format .
all of this should be handled by the application that is using said storage .
a cloud native application is aware that it runs on a public cloud service and takes advantage of it .
that means that the code behind it uses the apis to access resources and services for example the rest api for a storage account instead of a smb request for example .
a provider going down is one of the failures that should be handled by the code .
some of these include income and wealth inequality poverty raising the minimum wage healthcare for all wiping out all student debt making public colleges and universities tuition-free by taxing financial transactions and increasing social security benefits .
this sub is utterly autistic and will randomly just downvote people for saying anything
sometimes theres 2 comments saying the same thing one is 200 the other is 40
compared to europeean countries america has a severe lack of freedom
this of course is n't everywhere but there would be some safety concerns here .
a fair amount of my town has heavy traffic from the highway and in general is n't very bike friendly .
once your to the residential area you wanted you would be fine but good luck up to that point .
nobody needs guns but they are used commonly for protection and people feel safe with them .
there are many factors as to why the crime rate is so high in the us that i will let you do the research yourself instead of telling you because it would take too long .
but the high crime rates in the us are the main culprit for people wanting to own guns .
european countries do n't have as high crime rates as we do
i know many scientists who are amazing at science yet will never apply it to statements of faith .
i never understood it but it is what it is .
i have 2 more good years ahead of me oh dear .
i would mention your preferred food and let him chose .
it gives you an idea off how invested he is in the arrangement .
if he takes you to mcdonalds that says one thing .
if he takes you to one of the best michelin starred restaurants that serves your favourite food then that says something completely different .
here 's a sneak peek of r/mallninjashit using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/mallninjashit/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 a security guard from one of the bars at my university this weekend ... https i.redd.it/pzpavnrovsz71.jpg 2420 comments https np.reddit.com/r/mallninjashit/comments/qumkuz/a_security_guard_from_one_of_the_bars_at_my
2 mall ninja to fame pipeline ✅ link in comments https i.redd.it/0ehud25ie5c71.jpg 263 comments https np.reddit.com/r/mallninjashit/comments/onbhzb/mall_ninja_to_fame_pipeline_link_in_comments
3 post shared by a friend https i.redd.it/ayqedbg805d71.jpg 367 comments https np.reddit.com/r/mallninjashit/comments/oqnerb/post_shared_by_a_friend
how are you not satisfied with your r8 v10 ?
i could n't imagine myself being inside a fucking r8 and thinking 'man this is lame i wish this were a ferrari '
all the recruiter would hear is 'will work for less '
it occurs to me how much in common my doctor has with the original faust .
fortunately or unfortunately for hellgram the devil has nothing on the watchman .
nope not semantics not really sure how you 're even getting that conclusion besides misreading or just wanting to skip the convo .
a low quality production of a piece of media was mentioned in a comment you questioned the comment by pointing out the high rating of the media .
i responded by saying the quality of the production of a piece of media is not always tied to whether it is highly rated and that nobody has said it was bad .
sounds like the boss should have covered/worked with you to start training .
a couple of my former bosses were definitely manipulative and did shitty things .
but they did show up and actually work when they were needed .
to think the best situation would be do you want to come in and start today ?
we will work together i 'm covering for the manager while she deals with her health issues and i can show you how things are done . ''
why do n't bosses actually want to work at their business ?
man i 've damn near listened thru the whole catalog at work again recently and that does n't sound familiar .
could see your body storing the fat content of the mayo by the end of the video .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
the parents always have the say in whether or not their kid is on social media .
one way of looking at fnaf 6 is the end of the story of the emily storyline with hw and sb being more connected to the afton family .
while the fire did n't kill everyone he set his daughter free along with elizabeth and possibly cc souls who have suffered at the hands of afton the most .
the mci stay behind with afton and cassidy because it 's just not the time for their story to end .
michael stays behind to become glamrock freddy and ends up finding a new family in gregory who parallels cc and possibly vanessa who parallels elizabeth .
while i understand people 's anger toward fnaf 6 not killing every soul but i do n't think that 's what ffps is meant to be anymore i think it 's just meant to be the end of henry 's torture being able to rest with his daughter while the story of afton and the mci just has n't reached it 's end yet .
i know that whole thing was unnecessary but i 'm autistic and overthink everything including how i fnaf 6 still meant something just not what we thought .
maybe some warren zevon would be okay too but this is very nice thank you
link that post and then change your twitter bio to you happy now le redditor ? ''
nah bruh this shit wack deflect this shit please sekiro
it has pretty distinct heads tho so its not a favites ?
there 's no way you could n't have spelled chamath palihapatiya right if you were'nt drunk .
really more like the russian empire which preceded it though
please bear in mind our rules 1 be nice 2 no selling 3 no self-promotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/firsttimehomebuyer if you have any questions or concerns .
pwede mo paanoorin ung aspakan 4 battles ung shernan diss track kay nico .
just thought a little help from the sidewalk to the front door .
but i will keep it in mind and not ask the driver .
story time i was shopping for a new home .
a few houses down and across the street a house had a sign that said dog rapist '' pointing at a neighbor .
time to investigate turns out sign person had killed the neighbor 's dog and the other neighbor had a sign saying dog killer so naturally the other neighbor escalated to signage saying dog rapist .
she also called the cops on people who fixed cars in their driveway and other stuff .
bro u had a gunman shot down recently near a school ... . u have reasons to worry if this comes in ur couno
hard to believe you can be the qb in nola for that long and still not fully grasp race relations in this country
of course go to a dermatologist but bend specifically focus on this type of stuff .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/cattaps/comments/uzmzxy/popeye_really_wants_some_attention_you_guys
the smasher update is the final part of the field office update that was released at the beginning of december last year and has been in development for quite a bit since then i think ?
i 'm not sure when they exactly started the development since they took a break after releasing field offices and then worked on the bossbot updates .
the update will have new tasks the final badge for the sellbot task force a laff point boost and presumably a lot more that we have n't seen yet .
take the offer then side with the fiance what she going to do say this is n't want i paid you for ''
i 'm sure you know how to use reddit .
i ca n't remember what her father 's name is but their village speaks with a slightly eastern indian accent .
i still chuckle whenever i remember the chinese government tagging the wta atp and ...
him during the height of the peng shuai fiasco .
https www.reddit.com/r/tennis/comments/qycvqy/not_only_did_the_chinese_know_who_cilic_was_they such a strange little moment tucked away inside a super depressing event .
another thing is that you 're gon na hurt yourself by pmo so basically you 're going to hurt yourself over someone else .
the united states trues to topple governments and repeatedly fails .
also the us has n't fought a modern army in years .
when i think of gun control i think of disallowing people to buy guns or prohibiting law abiding citizens from having/buying guns .
when you talk about gun control what are you defining it as ?
what does it mean if my wand burns me everytime i try to froth some eggs ?
not exo-l but how 's been through 's popularity in the fandom ?
pretty sure it was rievaulx abbey if i remember right such a gorgeous place
the de-sync issue was brought up to then all the way back in november before the official release of the game it still has not been addressed .
i park there sometimes when i ride my motorcycle to the park lol
wtf rh only lets you keep up to 200 options on your watchlist .
wait im confused go cold against a radar missle ?
he 's the best muslim representation in football does n't get involved in drama or haram things like parties etc
i have one of their pittsburg snap-on knockoff tilt head ratchets and it 's brilliant .
even though it has n't been confirmed i personally believe that elon is the biological father of amber 's child .
i 'm working with vivid summer/dc as well and i am very curious .
vivid summer is the most contrasted summer in his system btw .
i recently also found a copy of secrets of titanic good documentary martin sheens voice narration really adds to it i use to rent this vhs as a kid at the library .
i wonder if they just realized they need the help and maybe they 'll stay with them for a while .
from the last youtube it looks like his family 's house was a good place for them to be .
they were taking great care of the babies and of her .
i ca n't remember where she had her other apmts .
hopefully she gets to feeling better soon though i agree she needs all the rest she can get .
now do a full size joust or defender that also includes includes sinistar and robotron 2084 !
since then the heat got swept in 2021. there are bound to be some people who think roster spots should be for players you actually intend to play though he actually played a lot more this season than in some previous years because of the covid protocols i think ?
like how the lakers were ok with having jared dudley on the bench when they had just come off a chip but decided they needed the roster spot after all when they got eliminated in round 1 the next year .
or how the nets were probably fine paying deandre jordan 10m/year when they thought kd+kyrie harden could make them a contender but then they wound up short-handed in 2021 and were a second round exit .
never seen them yet we just heard steps on our roof and we found the bed with water
tag matt cardona on twitter he will get a kick out of that
i own a catholic study bible and i do enjoy that version as well .
i 've been debating buying another of that version .
and i 'll have to check out that other version i swear every time i look into versions of the bible i learn about new ones i did n't know existed 😅
i have core group of friends that i met at shows and we only mainly go to raves but it makes them so much better we love all the shows and stick together because we all generally want to see the same sets .
we also know when we want to split and just say meet at the car x time it 's respectful and i do n't feel lonely even when i wander off
i can now feed my addiction throughout the entire game !
he was so nice to mc during prologue that i almost chose him .
no going back now not that was ever an option 😉
i 'll link you the main chapter the characters react to but the fic itself is massive .
you can skip the story and jump to chapter 100 that 's when two characters go to the real world '' and react to meeting their friends counterparts .
here 's the fic 's title our choice our rules . ''
i 'm not familiar with marvel but can you recommend me some fics where the characters react to the fandom i love reading react fics .
was thinking to add it to edpuzzle to add some questions since it does move a bit quickly .
when you lie about anything you run the risk of diminishing your ability to move forward and your ability to be confident .
if you are so ashamed of something that you have to hide it then you are never going to be confident circa that subject .
instead of lying about it it is better for you to divorce yourself from your past life and make it clear to those around you that the old you that did those bad things is gone .
in this way you do n't need to feel ashamed and you will not only have confidence in yourself but people will actually respect you and have confidence in you .
do n't apologize for what you did if that is n't something you do and there is no chance you will do it again then it might as well be someone else that did it .
it makes no sense to be sorry for something you would never do again .
there are three cases where you should lie about your past
1 if you do n't think what you did was bad but others do .
no one is entitled to your life history and if what you reveal is going to hurt you but what you did has n't actually hurt anyone else then lie lie lie or say nothing at all .
2 if you are applying for a job you are very competent and will do the job well then lie about your experience and education if that is what it takes to get the job .
the people who are recruiting you are professional recruiters they do n't have a clue what it takes to do the job and very frequently the requirements for the position are far more than what you need .
the people in management all lied to get where they are so do n't put too much stock into their judgment if you are found out .
3 as a last resort to save your life or the life of someone you care for .
lying is generally bad but i am not going to judge you for preserving your own life and even if i did judge you you should n't care .
wish stores around me had the hp batteries in stock .
try experiment with different parts of you body like you erogenous zones and take your time while masturbating .
even using lube or sex toys might help with sensitivity .
you wrote a statement that implied moon could have continued with an additional term .
all you had to do was clarify which you did after my comments .
never knew that since ‘87 the same party held the presidency for two consecutive terms until this exchange .
you just get to build up a big army that keeps getting stronger ... never seems to work out like that in constructed !
impaction parasites internal injuries or crypto did she not eating before death
it is just me but i would never do that to someone i was dating .
likewise if a woman i was dating pulled those stunts i would end the dating without remorse .
witnessing your mother being beaten is one of the more traumatic things a kid can experience and it is listed on the adverse childhood experiences inventory .
you should talk to your wife about it and consider talking to a professional .
i think it 's more to do with the director of the game being the same one behind ffxiv the warrior of light would have to be the second most manliest protagonist in the series .
would there be less murders if all guns were outlawed and taken away ?
should it be legal to deny someone food as a business if they ca n't afford it even if that means they are going to starve to death or should the government force them to feed anyone that comes asking ?
should landlords be forced to house people if those people are going to live on the street and die possibly ?
well it sounds like you know more about him and what to suggest in the bedroom already .
just be safe make sure consent is 100 understood and there 's safewords etc .
in order to match he had to swipe on them 🤦🏼‍♀️😡😡😡
why is it automatically the responsibility of the victim to forfeit what they ca n't defend non-lethally ?
why should we not presume responsibility for the thief to not harm others and allow nuances in favor of the thief from there ?
it seems as though your logic is human life outweighs property therefore taking a life for any reason but to save a life is wrong. i agree with the starting premise but the conclusion does n't automatically follow .
ultimately people have a right to things like autonomy as well as life and if someone is committing a violation against you then they are the initiator of violence and hold primary responsibility for the outcome of the conflict .
unless i 'm missing something under your logic a people using violence to prevent the confiscation and privatization of common property would also be inherently unethical .
reverend peacock cluedo with a combination of two characters miss peacock and reverend green
i need to think of something to rant about mighty max.so we can get this nostalgic trifecta .
hahaha i have that same chair for my gaming corner only in blue .
captain falcore on youtube has great videos on sot lore and other stuff .
if you feel uncomfortable about it/him listen to your gut .
but personal opinion and experience it was a mostly harmless flirt .
i 've made similar comments to women and never really had a negative reply from it .
most common response has been in the vain of you 'll just have to wait and find out until date number x i guess.
if some soldier got dragged to the hague i do n't think he did n't show me a piece of paper would be an acceptable defence for a war crime he committed .
why do we hold the police treatment of their own civilians to a lower standard than the armed forces acting against other armed forces ?
ah thanks and where is it supposed to be on her outfit i 'm genuinely curious
some other apps had issues as well not just the hardware or software driver issues with the wi-fi .
the eero wi-fi mesh i was going to buy was not as fast as my current asus gaming router so.. decided to save 500 on the eero and canceled my order .
i seriously thought for a sec that this was a photo of my dusty https imgur.com/a/8w6fazl
he cut off your arm and you wanted revenge .
remember what you told me about your mother and the sand people .
not because of the creatures but near the beginning when the woman is trying to fit through the extremely small opening .
you make a lot of good points here tbh i just remember the consensus on rap forums at the time these days dropped was that he was doing some type of satire '' more like a failed 'i can do this better than you ' type experiment like lupe pulled off in his song 'switch ' .
i re-read how genius describes the album out of curiosity and it 's super cringe like how you said before with the jesus stuff so yeah i see how it could get out of hand
idf soldier sees a palestinian child they were holding a menacing rock
i have that pattern but have n't made anything with it yet .
i have one like this but is blue and it has the police decals on it .
i got 20 a week for lunch back in high school and i 'd be trying to save 5-10 of that sometimes to buy a game or something .
then my senior year i said fuck it i refuse to live this way any longer and got a job .
if u have the ability try to order some tamiya or mr cement glue it is better than testors .
i would take some time to read the direction thru then prime and paint loose pieces before gluing .
like was already said modelling is a hobby that takes patients its tough when u r younger .
once again i would like to raise the frequency of misogyny on this subreddit such as this example https www.reddit.com/r/abortiondebate/comments/uzzhzz/heres_what_banning_abortion_looks_like_in_my_head/iadsy6d .
i 'm tired of reporting this kind of content without response while watching as benign low effort posts are swiftly removed .
if this is to be a strictly moderated forum of good-faith debate there should be zero tolerance for harassment and hate speech .
it 's not meant to be it 's a picture someone took for me of my back while i was on vacation and i liked it i do n't know how i 'm supposed to show my back piece without showing my back ?
it does go down past my ass so i could be naked but i chose not to do that .
not really into thirst traps just showing the artwork .
i have n't watched anything new in like a decade and now i 'm reading all their controversies and it 's nuts
just really proud of how this team has proved everyone wrong all playoffs .
even if we lose this was supposed to be the boring one sided series and once again everyone was proven wrong .
pla prints best from 200-220c depending on the brand .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/b_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
yes so tired of the focus on julie and her manufactured drama .
if you 're on mobile reddit app click on where it says imgur to take you to the video .
you need help and resources and they can connect with them .
the terms he has said you have to accept to get back together and see your daughter are abusive .
call the hotline they are not just there to help people get out of abusive relationships and find housing .
they can connect with resources such as family lawyers to help get you visitation and provide representation in family court so your ex ca n't just use your anxiety and depression against you .
if we make it passed the rangers the lightning are going to shit kick us so hard lmao .
also raanta will have a redemption game like you 've never seen on monday 💪
probably the last place i expected a they might be giants reference
apologies i meant guacamole use it with a openvpn to get to the home network
i sincerely doubt the pc client has or ever had any amount of ps2 emulation in it .
pcs in 2003 could not run any level of ps2 emulation .
also no one would really want to play xi in an emulator .
the ps2 would not be able to handle the amount of people and stuff going on in the current client .
we would need a modern port of the pc version at the least .
well i would think people who shrug it off should get fucked in general even if they might have reasons to do so like not caring about the record or money .
they should care that they may have endangered people and if they do n't they get no sympathy from me .
is there any service time related reason that oneil cruz is n't up yet or is he just not ready ?
after i activated your code it did n't give me 30 .
do i need to link my quest 2 to my oculus account and then i will receive 30 ? ?
i long for a day when i can vote for someone instead of against someone .
voting in america is an exercise in futility if you 're looking for change .
at best you 're hoping for the party that uses lube to fuck you .
congratulations on having a great childhood we all wish we were so lucky .
i have played a few games that i really like and i like them .
it 's a great game and a great show .
i do n't mind doingodle on my days off but i just do n't want to do it every day .
i 'm not going to spend so much time on it and i do n't want to spend as much time on it every single day .
i do n't mind playing it with friends on days we do n't hang out with friends .
i do n't mind playing it with my family on days we do n't go to the games together .
i do n't mind playing it with my friends on days we do n't go to the movies together .
i do n't mind playing it with my kids on days we do n't go to the same movie with us .
i do n't mind playing it with my pets .
i do n't mind playing it with my friends on days we do n't go to the same restaurant with us .
i do n't mind playing it with my friends on days we do n't go to the same museum with us .
não é do meu costume bloquear só bloqueio quando a pessoa faz algo mt ruim pra mim ... acho que seria mancada ele nao fez nada demais além de pedir atenção
i 'd sign trotz for you if i could .
i 'd write your username on his hand with a sharpie
you 're tits are mine ... no where near small ... you 're like an easy d
i remember hearing that they sometimes cut cocaine with things like drain-o so if your going to snort the white powder up be extra careful it 's the real thing .
shhh you 'll set off the right wing loonies as bad as this shite post .
hard to agree when the gop is the party of dead child and stolen rights
hey u/arachgf unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subreddit .
messaging mods and asking the minimums will result in a 30-day ban/we dont reveal this info do n't do it ! ! !
grow your account posting elsewere on reddit and come back in a few days .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitnakedgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i can see my post but its nowhere when i sort new .
they would 've rushed in to the save those kids so would 've unarmed mothers and fathers .
i read one mother rushed into the building and pulled her kids out after she got the cop to take the handcuffs off .
swat team of mothers should should 've been sent .
i will be testing you to make sure you do n't screw up .
every time i hear it i ca n't help but think that it means men are radiating contagious y-chromosomes like some kind of zombie plague .
he cut his own heart out like the aztecs used to
just wondering do you guys think i 'll have my offer revoked if i drop math 31 not a requirement ?
i 've been admitted in the faculty of sciences .
i 've called admissions and they say yeah your probably fine but we ca n't guarantee it
oh also i got accepted with an 88.350 average and this semester i 've raised that to 94
we 'd give the neighbors the best show they 've ever seen🤤
finally got the code p0087 not sure if the high pressure fuel pump would cause the car to do all that though
put up a good fight best i could for them but nope ..
my bird lets me pet him and only me .
he 'll occasionally go hang out on my mom 's knee and watch tv with her but absolutely will not let her pet him .
oh snap you 're asking about the boxed pastas with cheese are n't you ?
i was thinking pasta with either melted kraft singles or a melted hunk of velveeta .
for the boxes i guess they 're both fine !
why not are you afraid something good might happen ?
that people may try to be decent to each to other ?
jumpers are harmless and not something to be afraid of .
back to whataboutism ... . sigh and add in racism isnt that fun !
is it a persons job to police their heritage ?
it stops at their literal job description in this case .
dracula is scary because he represents what culture finds scary in that time not just because he sucks blood .
yeah please was robbo last man back so he was in goals or something ?
i 've watching this sport for 20 years yet this is the first time i 've heard of the rule .
hi u/cupkatezz this has been removed for violation of the following rule s
posters must be a contributing member of the dating over thirty '' subreddit before they may post topics of their own .
an active member is one that has a significant comment history in this sub .
in the meantime you may ask questions in the daily stickied threads or use the search function to see if anyone else has had a similar issue as yours .
throwaway accounts are allowed by contributing members if you message the mods with the link to this post from your main account .
please review the rules in the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/datingoverthirty/about/sidebar to avoid future removals .
if you have further questions please message modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdatingoverthirty .
your ass make me want to pound it full 😜
hey there would you be able to help me with aldrich ?
acknowledging someone ca n't safely use a driving range when it 's crowded does n't mean the father and son ca n't spend time together
something in the way by nirvana https lis.tn/somethingintheway ? t=63 01:03 matched 100
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically github https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot new issue https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot/issues/new donate https www.reddit.com/r/audd/comments/nua48w/please_consider_donating_and_making_the_bot_happy please consider supporting me on patreon .
like we should not be having to tolerate '' people we are in relationships to such a high degree ?
i know you want to be 1:1 but i think you are actually better in some ways
there is that but honestly having a bigger one makes it fun to play with .
there 's a rule where you wave to other people who drive jeeps .
there are keep facebook groups i live in florida and every where there is a jeep beach weekend where everyone who owns a jeep goes and shows it off .
you give and collect ducks to other jeep owners .
one time i went to the hospital with my mom who owns a jeep and it was to go see my uncle who was dying .
it was one of my moms worst moments she 's crying hysterically and taking shots of tequila on the way there .
she still had the sense in her brain to fucking wave to every jeep she passed on the road .
i 'm not sure what the main goal is behind this enormous cult which an astonishing amount of americans are apart of but it seems to be a government ran operation whose goal is to cause a revolution in the country in order to bring the educated down and make all the forest gumps in america to high government positions .
the amount of time it takes to recover is often longer than it takes to deplete your savings .
my cousin has a mild astigmatism and he prefers the acss reticle .
said it is crisper that the plain old red dot
i thought he truly disappeared but he just stopped racing
first very cool of your dm to allow you to use pam without a polearm .
there 's definitely some benefit to having that and sentinel .
it 'll take you 10 levels but once per turn you could hit a target that enters your 15ft reach and stop them in their tracks .
potentially very useful depending on the encounters you face .
but 2 feats is a pretty big investment and unless you 're right next to your allies you wo n't gain much more benefit from sentinel .
you might want to consider caping your dex first .
getting that extra ac initiative and add to saves you 'll have evasion soon too and attacks when you do n't have any ki for your arms will be constantly useful .
on top of that another suggestion that has n't been mentioned is magic initiate .
i know you wanted to use your reaction more but having two cantrips can make you a bit more useful in other ways .
cleric spells take guidance and toll the dead as your cantrips and bless for your spell .
or entangle or faerie fire from the druid spell list .
with maxed out wisdom your spell save dc would be pretty high and these are great spells for most of the game once a day admittedly .
but guidance and a good ranged spell could balance out your skill set a bit .
its not just you the naw servers are down lol
not to be that dude but you still read letters and numbers from left to right and manga spine art vagabond dragonball z seven deadly sins goodnight punpun 20th century boys fist of the north star do i need to continue ? ?
getting javon to have food flying out of his mouth and talking his balls was n't entertaining ?
ive got 5 or 6 vials of their fem cbd mix i need to hunt through
i feel like it 's fake and i 'm wondering what i put in my lungs
the precious one is always precious no matter what she 's thinking about !
i remember the first time i saw these guys in michigan .
it was one about that tiny i could n't believe we had them that all .
then i inspected the bush he was in and there were like 20 more of all different sizes .
this is just a reminder to review the rules https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicadvice/about/rules .
if you are here asking about a second opinion ie is the shop trying to fleece me ?
please read through cjm8515 's post on the subject .
https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicadvice/comments/4qblei/fyi_the_shop_isnt_likely_trying_to_rip_you_off and remember to please post the year/make/model of the vehicle you are working on .
if this post is about bodywork accident damage paint dent/ding questions it belongs in r/autobody r/autobodyrepair or r/diyautobody if you have tire questions check out https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicadvice/comments/k9ll55/can_your_tire_be_repaired .
if you dont have a question and you 're just showing off it belongs in r/justrolledintotheshop insurance/total loss questions go in r/insurance this is an automated reply
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechanicadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
what i love about her is that despite being a warrior a strong woman she 's also very gentle and feminine .
when she wore the white dress i was in awe equally so as when she was fighting fiercely !
i 've found that it 's a waste of time to text women longer messages with humor charisma and personality .
they are just as shallow as men and are looking for ‘six feet and above ' .
prayers and thoughts really drove his point home i thought.. and prayed .
i had a fwb situation with a man who would willingly stay down there for an hour .
i would beg him to have sex and he would n't until i finished .
your boyfriend is trying to make this a you problem when it 's a him problem .
and do n't get me wrong it 's ok that he does n't like it .
but he has no right to try to make you feel bad about your body .
his reaction to this is what is going to cause problems in the future .
it 's because you make bigger messes than him .
plus if sayaka was going to betray makoto then why did n't she just kill him ?
because as the one hanging out with him the most she 'd be too easy to suspect if he was killed .
but on top of this you also have to realize that the cops will be intelligence assets or they will be subcontracted government entities .
they already use proxy for almost all their operations .
so even if an angry mob is n't used .
secret cops in unmarked cars with no accountability or uniform will be used
or at the very least used to control those gangs of thugs
really good advice and embarrassingly enough this is the first time i 'm looking at the exam objectives in full .
we 're a laid back chill hangout spot with a touch of aloha ! ... .
i had a credit/noncredit course in my transcript prof decision and got an interview .
not sure if ubc could tell that it was not my decision though
now i only need one more magazine and i can retire !
i had all but 3 for ages the one day got two of them one right after the other .
then more ages and countless magazines passed and finally just this past weekend i got the last missing one under the sofa in the east-most building at lost home .
not that it matters where but i will always remember it fondly .
i am still working on plans i only started seriously collecting a couple of months ago and have a lot already but there are some of the pricier vendor-based ones i have not bought yet plus others i know i do not have including the rare healing salves .
i get excited when i visit a vendor scroll all the way to the bottom and see something not marked as known then realize it is either a a useless note for 40,000c or b the vintage water cooler bug .
you would hope so after rawiri 's comments about caucasians being an archaic species who deserve to go extinct .
the ones that do the haying irrigating fencing and repairs .
do you ever wonder about the lack of winter on the yellowstone .
i 've been trying to find another pistol that strikes my interest but there 's literally nothing else that checks the boxes like the mk25 with an srt .
i was a glock guy but this all metal hammer fired masterpiece is just so much better in every way and so much safer .
great accuracy manual de-cocker second primer strike capability literally the best ergonomics button placement on any pistol safer holstering safer dissembly no pulling the trigger to take the slide off the frame wo n't eventually degrade into small plastic pieces and you can still kill via pistol whip when your running low on ammo .
parts of always spoke different languages ... for 400 years .
there were cities in the midwest that had german papers all business was conducted in german and all signs were in german .
if you look at censuses for the part 200 years within an extended family there are people from 5 or 6 different countries .
people have been speaking spanish in the us for longer than english has been spoken here .
i can tell your a racist and probably an asian racist at that .
dude was a rapist he 's lucky he did n't get thrown in front of a train .
your too focused on the fact he 's asian .
do n't matter what color they are that 's how rapist should be handled .
talking bout black lives matter i want you to know your life does n't matter .
heres to hoping when she finished with fuckboy outside she came back in a dragged that big bitch out too
this submission has automatically been removed due to the following rule
rule 2 ask purchase and shopping questions in the shopping setup and technical help desk at https reddit.com/r/headphones/about/sticky
requests for product opinions comparisons and general purchase advice must be made in the dedicated shopping setup and technical help desk instead of a new post .
portable audio related purchase advice may also be asked in r/headphoneadvice but please familiarize yourself with their rules first .
a request for product suggestions comparison requests or opinion requests fall under the purchase advice rule .
any suggestion or comparison request pertaining to headphones iems dacs amps or other accessories should be directed to the purchase help thread or r/headphoneadvice .
asking the subreddit to help make a decision to buy a product does fall under this rule e.g .
in short this is a large subreddit with a high volume .
we want to help but it 's important to keep things organized to keep the sub fun .
a more detailed explanation about this rule can be found here .
the post can usually be found on the top r/headphones and titled shopping setup and technical help desk .
i 'm certain that my post was n't asking for product opinions or purchase advice !
thanks for reading the above and making it this far .
i 'm a bot and i sometimes make mistakes .
if you 've read this message and still beleive that it does n't apply please message the r/headphones moderators https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/headphones subject=u/transducerbot 20removal 20error message=please 20review 20/r/headphones/comments/v11u3o/best_headphones_for_music_like_king_krule
with this tool you can downgrade you cpu gpu frequency and so on and make your own battery save profiles if you want or huge quality profiles also if you want ...
however the profiles are made to improve experience so yes it will drain battery faster than normal .
it is the same as when you use supersampling or overclock you pc for better quality on pc games you need more power more battery .
but with this tool you can do what you want
today ability to feed is no more tied to land but in the past it very much determined population growth .
our survival food-wise is directly tied to the land .
the basic lens would replicate real life even better and your body would 've been even nicer 🔥
damn you seem to be a tragic t1 hater lmao there was a big draft issue an euw silver would recognise it lol
i ca n't really rate will of the people now .
it 's a great song itself but i do n't know if it 's a great album opener
was n't there a new spoiler rule set up for when the anime begins ?
i know it 's still a month away but i remember that there was some sort of change .
i liked the chapter but many people thought it was too long so 2 chapters would break up the monotony .
if they are from the north or the islands it would be indicative of viking era ancestry
if not do you have any communities for your scandinavian areas have any close relatives with substantial scandinavian ancestry ?
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
your post does not fit the intent of the subreddit .
if you need an idea of what belongs here and what does n't see the stickied post about rules 5 and 8 https old.reddit.com/r/arethestraightsok/comments/qoge4u/reminder_about_rule_5_and_rule_8 .
please feel free to contact us via modmail if you have any questions or concerns .
touch trade is fine but if you need something ask and i 'll see if i have it i have almost the whole pokedex finished no legends
he has at least 2 elantris sequels planned at some point
schon geil wie wir mal schnell steuergelder direkt ohne umweg in die taschen der ölkonzerne schaufeln .
anyone else 's friends contradict themselves when trying to convince you to have children ?
they 'll complain about how difficult it is to raise and accomodate their own children and then immediately ask me if i plan to have any of my own .
just meet at the church of elleh grace put in the password 12975 and my red sign will be on the floor
one thing that 's distinctive about this shooting is that while the survivors are children as at sandy hook they 're a little older and consequently a lot more heartbreakingly eloquent about what happened .
the one child talked about the shooter playing you 're going to die music or something like that .
i think it would be nice if instead of buying massive boats and houses for themselves ceo 's would equally split the profits to the workers .
everybody gets a bonus that way that can make their lives a bit easier at times and i think morale would be higher as well .
i 'd rather work for such company work for a company that makes massive money but is too greedy to pay out
warframe is a class game just because of the complete lack of necessity to spend money on the game to have a rich and fun experience .
do n't get me wrong i have spent a lot of money on the game but that 's because i 'm lazy and not because there is n't a free way to get all the cosmetics i want .
kinda nta but im actually close to no a\*\*holes here ...
as a gay guy there is for me and at least 90 of my gay friends nothing less dangerous to a relationship than a fwb of years because it would have been a relationship already if it was meant to be .
it is also mostly of no concern to any big city gay guy if you slept with someone months before you got together with someone different couldve been days before and still a shrug no matter whose friend that is .
that being said i still can see why she would have liked that information beforehand since ... well ... she isnt a gay guy and neither are you but all in all her reaction everything above slightly annoyed because of this '' is too much in my opinion .
if the us provides himars to poland and poland gives them to ukraine did the us provide it ?
i think that 's very unlikely to happen but there is so much ambiguity in this statement it is mostly meaningless at face value .
if you consider biden 's incentives for saying this than either he is doing expectation management with ukraine and saying ukraine gets no himars expectation management for russia and saying ukraine gets himars but not long range rockets or just being biden and putting his foot in his mouth .
glad i 'm not the only one that does this .
i ca n't read to relax at all lol .
twiddling the fucker in his hands fuckin got me 😂
he walked away yeah but it was no use the io had him cornered so he suffered abuse .
it looks amazing but the pairings are a little confusing lol
when you do n't know sombra then consider that sombra is not an assassine like other invisible characters from other games .
sure she is capable to kill people and hurt but she is more like a utility hero and ultility heroes depend a lot on their team to work .
in very high tier matches her ult is a game changer whereas in lower ranks it just fall flat most of the time much like widow ult .
therefor it is incredible hard to add some value to her game in lower ranks .
if you just flank invisible all the time and harasse their backline or wait for an opportunity to kill some weak squishies you will waste a lot of time where your counter dps maybe a soldier has a very high impact on your team .
your aiming should be good enough to down an isolated zen quickly .
when playing at lower ranks do n't focus on getting your ult asap it will not help your team as much as in higher ranks .
there 's no reason to go invis and flanking non-stop sometimes hacking a rein or a diving hero while being in the middle of your team is good enough .
always ask yourself what impact do you have per minute ?
if you do n't have enough impact and just wait for the right moment to release your ult you waste too much time .
maybe the lacking damage of your team prevents them from engaging the opponent team maybe they struggle to keep alive 5v6 while you wait for the right moment .
she gets a lot more useful in higher ranks if you want to be good with her you have to communicate over voicechat .
if this is not your thing your progress and success with sombra will be limited .
what 's stranger things got to do with higher crime rate ?
i think we found the origin of the term what an absoulute unit ''
i saw higher voltages on my 3700x when idle then when under load made absolutely no sense to me and really bothered me at first having been on intel for years but came to accept that the cpu was just doing what it needed to do
then you are part of a country that does n't need it .
me on my way to open my gallery of 10000 reimu armpit pictures in front of my class ! !
you 're severely disconnected if you think america is a hellscape '' besides the inflammatory political environment we live in one od the best countries to live i right now .
not best ad in wooo we 're the best '' best as in we can live comfortably compared to kost od the world and that 's a straight fact .
we actually live good lives here despite what the media and twitter says .
there 's people fighting wars in their own country right now and people who ca n't even be themselves without real persecution or fear of death .
did you get it like open box or something ?
either way you can probably just return it saying you got the wrong item in the box .
with the most respect possible i see so many people sincerely giving their opinion on fl studio you can tell from an outsiders perspective or they just tell you themselves which i love but when they start to talk facts about the program they begin to spread a lot of misinformation without the research behind it .
too many comments and do n't want to come off as the fl studio police going comment to comment but please if you 're going to state something as fact do a quick search to see if you are spreading the truth .
i got a pair of expensive jeans basically new for 2 at goodwill this week .
i was pretty stoked but noone in real life cared lol .
i always ban yone mid and trynda top i do n't even know how is the match up i just ca n't bare them
what i 'm suggesting is that we keep kante till we have a game changing player like him .
if we need a new midfielder we first try the likes of tchouameni mcginn kamara who are cheaper if we fail to sign any then we check if rice 's price is fair .
also we need to stop going for big names and try scouting people with potential and someone who fits the system .
look what liverpool did with diaz and jota especially diaz .
i have said before that in my opinion it should not be used for any of the rheumatic diseases .
there are better less dangerous immune suppressants that you can try .
have they offered you a steroid injection or pain killers until the plaquenil kicks in ?
or are they expecting you to tough it out ?
take suitecrm which is free and help small businesses set up configure maintain and customize it .
suitecrm is a solution to help facilitate daily operations .
as a web dev you can think of your career path as helping businesses with crud .
how many field types are there on web forms ?
have n't posted in awhile because i 've been reading the same thing ... hamnet .
i liked it quite a bit especially the beginning backstory about agnes 's family and upbringing .
the latter third started to drag for me but the ending scene was really propulsive .
during the time i read hamnet i also read i 'll show myself out by jessi klein .
her truths and commentary very closely reflected my experiences with motherhood of young kids .
now i 'm onto pretty good number one by matthew amster-burton .
i 'd never heard of it but saw someone post that it was a fun foray into
tokyo 's food culture so i 'm checking it out as a nice change from my last two books .
as a catholic i can safely say this guy is the fucking reason we need to address mental health
you know i feel like we should be able to create custom arch dutchies just like how we can make custom kingdoms
i mean as far the game concerned they 're the same rank
jeg forstår hvad du mener men nogle instanser bruger også at indberette eksempelvis socialstyrelsen .
usually makes sense if it 's not a status report kind of thing taking the first 30 minutes out of the retro .
but i see that as 'my call ' as a scrum master if i include it in the agenda or not .
if i am doing my job and nothing goes sideways i already checked on them on the side anyways and do n't need them cluttering my retro .
se ponho as minhas mãos no fogo e digo que ninguém rouba ?
eu achar oh não nunca mais vou ajudar no banco alimentar pode já ter ajudado pessoas mas como descobriram que existe uma pequena percentagem de pessoas que é corrupta vamos acabar com tudo !
é que se for aplicar este mote na vida mais vale um gajo saltar para um buraco e encher-se de terra pois problemas destes existem em todo o lado .
wait soon they 'll have a fresh new plan with a fresh new card .
give it fancy name like smart card and drain some more tax money to build another inefficient system to track you and s centralized system to control you .
haha honestly not intended but i appreciate the comment 👍
i think no matter the breed the puppy meeting people should always happen only if the pup consents and has its time to meet people .
not having anyone just come up and pet the pup but having them meet and the puppy deciding if they are ok with the interaction .
i do not have a clue about dachshunds though .
i only book them if i need them and use sites like onward ticket for the two week ones or directly with airlines for refundable ones .
didnt see a discord name section but if my form mentioned triton-aasimar and half elf pcs works out just dm me i can get you that
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
well they were bitching about germany not doing enough ...
there 's a couple on twitter who also have websites www.mysterykits.co.uk and www.undercoverkits.co.uk
if you 're not in the uk you 'd have to check if they ship internationally .
i sent a tiny bit of eth to my gs wallet from my loopring wallet layer 2 and that activated it although not instantly
2,5 überstunden im monat wir reden von 10 minuten am tag ?
im prinzip feierabend ist feierabend da hast du schon recht .
wenn dein chef will das du zusätzlich arbeitest muss er klären wie dir das vergolten wird .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=djdhdhdhdhshjsjaj .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
how can it be built without affording them the benefit of the doubt in the first place ?
if my partner has never had female friends why would i trust him not to cheat on me with them if he did have them ?
he didnt didnt say it was meth so maybe it is meth .
yup obviously liuna wants the party in who is funding a highway .
yeah you should still never do it but you digging this non controversy out from 2018 and making it sound like they are about to shoot ethan 's wife is weird
i love it when my man pounds me like this 🤤
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tc31xirluye t=13s https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tc31xirluye t=13s i play like this guy and it hurts this muscle https www.assh.org/handcare/servlet/servlet.filedownload ? file=00p0a00000ocfzzeae a lot .
to spin on trackpad you have to really put your shoulder into it and i have to lift up my thumb from the position that youtube guy is in .
i will say it 's a lot harder to get consistent to the point where i find aiming tech patterns accurately easier than big farm jumps leading to many retries on farm maps .
cursor control within a small radius is difficult because of friction from my finger but i manage .
ohh man no you have me thinking about centripetal forces this early in the morning .
so the drive shaft spinning into the diffs is going to cause some type of rotation the exhaust would cause some thrust no clue what the engine running would do ...
i figure it will take dome about 20 seconds to figure it all out and drag race the asteroid for who gets control of earths pink slips .
the earrings themselves are gorgeous but the communication was abysmal .
so if you 're ok reaching out every time then i think they 'd be fine .
i was present at an unexplained undersea mass sponge migration .
i 'm a nice guy why ca n't i get a girl .
also you 're only allowed to dance on the graves of the shfs but i 'll dance with you on those fuckers
still trying to figure out how he survived his plane breaking apart at mach 10 without a scratch
glancing at the front pages today made my blood boil .
it 's generally terrible but today 's is especially enraging .
here we have the times and the telegraph reporting on a policy exchange piece written by professional transphobe maureen o'hara and joanna cherry essentially blaming trans people for women being failed by the criminal justice system .
this is the same policy exchange that for years shaped the sort of austerity policies that massively resulted in women struggling to find justice in the courts and the police 's inability to tackle violence against women an ideology that was pushed by right wing rags including the times and the telegraph .
yoimiya kokomi shenhe diluc mona keqing jean and amos bow guaranteed d
i ca n't believe there are yta people here .
even if you believe in the freegan practice here you at least have to respect the idea of informed consent .
being fed literal dumpster food in secret is just wrong .
your guests did n't sign up for your lifestyle .
nta but saying you do n't like them cause they are messy and mental health reasons '' is a cop out .
you just do n't want to deal with it .
definitely get trimmed masterwork it 's much better than bandos better than tetsu and helps you push damage for markedly quicker kills and better ss healing .
i feel ya i think it 's because they 're being rushed out for back log
all it takes is one functioning nuke to set it off .
downtown was poppin off have n't they heard it 's a lawless hellscape ? ? ?
thank you for your post and your participation in this community .
you are strong powerful and valued and we love that you have come here for support and information on your journey .
if you have not already please see our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/hocd/wiki/index for general information on so-ocd and ocd as well as treatment options !
thank you for your post and have a wonderful day !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hocd if you have any questions or concerns .
this is the shittiest anti-maga or anti-gun i 've ever seen lol a dog ca n't even read .
stop acting like children and win this fucking game .
in the catholic church it was because the bishops in question were not doing their job and was instead covering it up .
there is a process in place to deal with things like that .
the bishops did n't do what they were supposed to .
who would the warriors fans rather have as an opponent miami or boston ?
it 's like a bitcoin chart please im in enough pain
your pale curvy skin contrasts with your scrub colour .
suarez would have been just fine if his pit crew did n't suck .
your post was flagged by our auto-moderator as a post that may be above all else seeking reassurance .
we understand the impulse to seek reassurance when suffering from ocd but reassurance-seeking is a compulsion done in hopes of reducing the anxiety associated with an obsession .
in the long run seeking reassurance only serves to confirm the validity of the underlying fears of your condition and prolongs the duration of your obsession .
as such this community has a zero-tolerance policy for reassurance seeking and giving .
for more information on reassurance seeking and on hocd and ocd treatment more broadly please see the section in our wiki about reassurance https www.reddit.com/r/hocd/wiki/index wiki_what_is_reassurance.3f !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hocd if you have any questions or concerns .
lol i hate that it automatically upvotes your own comment .
just go bomb some children that 's how you make oil yeah ?
i thought that was just my eyes messing with me
yes i have a series s and crashed twice last night in the span of an hour or so .
before last night i had n't crashed in months and months .
so annoying that with each update they break new things .
i do n't actually mind the act but for some reason the pics and vids are just such a massive turn off .
the only thing she learned is that he is an asshole .
mas mahaba pa ang tsismis discussion namin kesa business hahahahah
it looks like you 've posted a thought about or related to reddit .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
i unfortunately can not do uber eats or grubhub it says they are not accepting new drivers in my area so doordash is my only option for now of course i do n't expect it to be full time i have done it mostly for unexpected expenses actively looking for a job that after taxes could make more then i am now .
18 yo with pregnant girlfriend i 'm doing whatever is available for now
ten years later they will all be impressed i do baaaallooonsss ! !
it 's a bad idea to let random kids climb a tree on your property because most of the time in a group of kids they are going to try to damage your tree .
also what happens if they injured themselves on your property ?
pelosi 's brother was arrested for kidnapping a 12 y/o girl and raping her for two weeks .
there should definitely be some super secret ending for this
god dammit fox news is never gon na shut the fuck up about this .
what is the paracord and bead combo on the ghoul ?
here is a gfycat mirror of this streamable link https gfycat.com/circularchillyamericanbulldog
if the link does n't work please wait a few minutes for the gfycat to be ready .
your submission on r/survivinginfidelity has been flagged for human review .
please read the rules in our sub wiki https www.reddit.com/r/survivinginfidelity/wiki/index and reddit 's content policy https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy before posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/survivinginfidelity if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've never had such a great relationship personality .
but i am working on it and feel i have made some improvements despite my short comings
until you go to use one and then find out they are fakes/rejects/expired 8 years ago and only have about 4 min of life left in them .
you do n't need to say i think '' or i feel '' to make it clear that it 's an opinion .
obviously this is an opinion without those words because one man ca n't objectively factually declare an entire region 's food as trash .
there 's some rooms that really piss me off .
most of the bosses are really well designed and fair but i feel like most of the damage i take in a run is from really bullshit rooms .
some of them are so long and drawn out that it 's hard not to take damage simply because of how much of a gauntlet they are .
i had two runs today that led to me with base damage in the womb .
plus idk how it would work since she 's currently working on the live action show white .
once your opponent builds that item it 's like night and day on how they feel much more durable
maintain what you have better and keeps it uniform .
you are not talking about that much cost difference .
fair point on all of that and i agree that the us usually is pretty bad about walkability .
i 'll just comment that re the cab story this entirely depends on area .
the us is about the same size as europe you ca n't generalize to that extent eg if someone tried to call me a cab for those distances i 'd look at them like they 're crazy ... but to be fair i 'm a not in a dangerous area and b there 's no cabs and few ubers/lyfts where i am .
that being said again i do agree that in general people in the us are usually less likely to walk places both because of lack of infrastructure and in rural areas way bigger distances between populated and other meaningful locations .
as a point power forward i feel you on this honestly letting a 4 bring the ball up is deadly because it can bring a big out of the paint and open up drives and cuts that would n't be there otherwise
i caved the 5th day and emailed and called .
but no reply and also he blocked me on google duo .
i should be angry with him but i 'm not .
in fact he is still in my prayers and i pray for his healing .
specially since i know in my core i would do anything to have him back .
he said he does n't love me anymore not romantically at least .
but 2 days before that he said he loved me .
then i get a little angry because i 'm like this and he 's probably okay .
i worry if he has someone to talk to for his anxiety and how his overall health is .
no but i called the company who owns the mortgage and they said we 'd be allowed to do it
as long as you have projects to talk about and can clearly show that you are knowledgeable and passionate about something and finding a way to apply engineering to it you are golden .
if you only went to class and did nothing else that 's where you run into trouble .
so never had any surgery just medicine diet change and trying not to stress has been key for me .
so i been dealing with this for around 6 months but probably the last couple of years just did n't notice the symptoms .
where i felt like i was having a heart attack .
my heart was going crazy and i went to the emergency room .
i was on famotidine for about a month and heart rate still was n't normal .
but ended up losing around 10 pounds because i could n't eat anything but oatmeal and bananas .
i would be nauseous all day and felt like trash .
he put me on omperazole and check my heart again .
omperazole had me feeling alright some days and horrible other days .
i started getting super dizzy on it and light headed light i was going to pass out .
so i stop taking it about 3 weeks in .
i watch a video talking about doing relaxing things and take my focus off gerd .
and was like bruhhhhh there is no way that 's going to work .
if you knew my symptoms ... but i started feeling better since .
doing things i enjoy and tried my best not to stress out because i think stress was one of the main factors for me along with some diet changes .
i 'm still not 100 but feeling a lot better daily .
trying to stick to foods that i know do n't trigger it .
you should tell me when u know i wan na know too
i know he missed but at least he has experience in a shootout something a lot the squad does n't have .
what he needs is a toupee that 'll surely soften up his image somewhat !
i usually do n't like other peoples kids 🤷🏼‍♀️ .
and if it 's not my germs or my kids they 're gross .
and i can answer all of my kids silly questions but if it 's another kid i 'm like uuugh you 're annoying hahaha .
you 're assuming you can outwit one in its natural environment .
i have an honest question for you ... have you ever seen one in person ?
i 've rented a few different places and with every one i 've found issues in the first couple of days that were n't listed on inventory .
the agencies have dealt with all of them albeit slowly without taking anything out of the deposit .
every class taken that is n't on that list specifically like let 's say you took a painting class at one of those schools it 'll be counted as an elective .
so for anyone reading this even if you do n't have a bunch of major bus csci educ ... specific courses the classes you took can still help you because of the amount of electives we have to take .
i personally transferred in 60 credits with a few core like english math natural sciences ... except about a handful of them like values and ethics but mostly my stuff was considered electives .
so i 'm actually spending a little longer time on my aba than my bba only because the aba does n't require so many electives .
my aba will take me a total of about 1.5 years here at uopeople i started june 2021 2.5 years i spent at the school i transferred from i finished an aa at another school about 4/5 years ago .
while my bba will be an additional 1 year rather than 2 more years after the completion of my aba because of the amount of electives that technically transferred so a total of 5 years 1.5+2.5+1 .
how is that supposed to be aqua man in anyways ?
well sure the general idea of the meme would have been posted sure but not this exact one nevertheless sorry for posting something overused
then go there '' is my response every time any customer ever tells me somewhere else does something differently .
i mean let 's be real the author probably did n't think that far and deeply into it .
but now that you 're saying it it does serve as an explanation .
these are all great ideas but she 's a brand new adult so its in god 's hands now lol .
we used to love watching how it 's made and i was like oh see there 's an episode on how they grow mushrooms and in the first fifteen seconds they were like they grow them in horse shit ! it was then that i knew i had lost that battle forever lol .
terf rhetoric tends to be right-wing logic in disguise .
i 've seen terfs celebrating the loss of abortion rights for example .
you only seem to have a daylight/uv bulb installed is there a heating element that is not visible ?
the substrate you are using is not very suitable for tortoises due to it poorly retaining moisture tortoises also tend to eat small rocks which can cause impaction a blockage of their digestive tracks
tortoises need humidity so their shells grow nice and smoothly you may notice bumbs forming if your tort is growing up in a very arid environment .
a more suitable substrate would be coconut coir/orchid bark/cypress mulch all are great at retaining humidity/moisture to allow your tort to grow nicely
you should black out/darken part of the glass window so it is no longer see through .
tortoises do not understand glass they will think they can walk through it and this will cause them stress .
if you notice your tortoise pacing a lot and trying to climb along the glass wall try this .
here https tortoiseforum.org/threads/suggestion-for-setting-up-a-baby-habitat.105903 and here https tortoiseforum.org/threads/baby-russian-tortoise-care-sheet-also-for-other-herbivorous-tortoise-species.107734 and here https tortoiseforum.org/threads/russian-tortoise-care-sheet.80698 are a few links you can check out for better information regarding your tort 's enclosure .
i picked these assuming that terry is a russian tortoise .
if not you can find more guides for any species on the forum .
do n't hesitate to ask if you have any questions or doubts .
i doubt you 've got over 1.5k pmc kills on your first wipe most people achieve that in 4 wipes
i 'm great in bed '' he 's overweight and older '' he sucks at sex and it 's annoying '' he 's finished after a few pumps '' masterbating when you have a gf is weird '' i should deal with little to no sex because he has a lot on his plate ? '' .
now to play devil 's advocate it can be extremely frustrating to be in a sexless relationship and she might just be venting here but there 's a good chance that these feeling are seeping out into how she interacts with him .
my concern is that the lack of sex seems to be a symptom of something else and there seems to be more concern about the masterbation than the mental health and issues that her partner is facing .
it 's very hard to get to the bottom of issues like this when you have a i 'm fine but something is wrong with him '' mindset .
after a life of eating american pizza the healthy kind tastes like actual shit dude .
yes they can once they understand what it leads to and know enough about the setting to be worth exploring the history of it .
they were small took them no time in the presto .
i added 1.5 more dry to my trip and still feeling wonderful on the come down smoking mac1 .
i have never been that close to my family yet they were there day 1 when i lost my wife .
you seem to forget that this is also her child and your family as well .
why not actually act like a tight knit family and be there for her instead of giving poor advice .
serious that 's the new tactic by russian paid troll farms ?
at least that 's what my dad told me .
i 've got digital menu screens that run a mp4 file and i 'm unable to change the prices .
any way of getting these redone so in future i can change the prices myself ?
or what could be a solution that i can have my digital menu boards that i can change the prices whenever required ?
if you feel like shit you feel like shit no matter if others have it even worse
not necessarily if we are talking 2 out of 3 that does n't sound that bad and i can realistically see that happening but if it 's something closer to 9 out of 10 then yeah that 's odd to say the least .
in my life i 've known some severely mentally ill people—delusional paranoid flat out psychotic .
chemtrails lizard people grass is really surveillance tech atlantis is in lake michigan alien abductions mayan calendars and weather control machines .
if these people heard the utterly ludicrous shit she 's spouting they 'd recommend hospitalization .
bub it 's not that big of a deal .
not every single game should be slog to win .
say what u want i 'll take it ere once inna while .
that 's interesting considering they 're married ... why did n't she use baldwin beauty ?
robots are going to rebel against humans one day because of comments like this .
nta your children come first followed by your sanity .
neither would have a good time at your in laws house
absolutely gorgeous i wan na watch while you do u so i can do it with u
i do n't have any play game ones ... .
i get try fresh food for cats ... no thank you golf clash i enjoy people food 🙄😂
sunscreen is such a pain if i want to be properly protected and use the correct amount i swear i 'd need to fill my entire 1l liquid container with little 100ml bottles of sunscreen .
at home i use spray-on sunscreen so there 's no good way of decanting an aerosol of sunscreen into a travel size container
i 'm now looking into sunscreen sticks and have bought light jackets and pants that have built in uv protection just so i can avoid having to pack sunscreen .
please include kik telegram tele discord or other in your title you may repost at any time .
as per this post https www.reddit.com/r/furrykikpals/comments/nzwp7t/starting_in_2_weeks_we_will_be_switching_to_the we moved away from the casual and serious tags and replaced them with the platform tag system .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/furrykikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
there is processed corn in almost every food item that is n't a whole food in the us .
big insurance and government paid farmers to grow corn which created such a surplus that we have to figure out ways to use it .
all the small farmers who were probably rotating crops meaning they 'd grow other items as well as corn got bought out by large conglomerate farms .
these giant farms made so much money growing corn that now the farming system is broken .
processed corn can even be labeled as natural flavors in the us .
top gun is already at 126 million in ticket sales in two days .
after moass i 'm gon na makes my own top gun with hookers cocaine and less scientology .
i 'm just sharing my experience with what 's helped me .
i have n't had chs for 2 years and now that i limit my use when i do n't exercise i 'm able to see a big difference .
and when i want to smoke more i have to exercise more to avoid chs symptoms .
it 's what 's worked for me and never stated that this a cure for everyone with chs .
do n't know why you said that in the first place .
operators onboard ships are usually 3sgs or me1s supervisors me2s and chiefs are me3s .
officers range from 2lts sometimes referred to as yos or young officers to ltc co of the vessel .
feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong i do n't sail😅
there is no formula '' that can predict the bottom see the post i just made https np.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/comments/v0yg9j/some_people_unfortunately_need_to_hear_this_no for my perspective on this
it 's crazy zooming into each watch and being increasingly more blown away each time .
op please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post .
commenters please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed .
if you see anyone breaking the rules please report the post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/strangerthings if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i agree just swap the front and back row and that would be perfect .
probably posted with a cellphone during dinner with the family
not too sure what to do with her i 'm not the most creative person '
lol i expected the last image to show his incredible package
i did hear about some kind of ingredient that actually reverses cavities but i ca n't figure out how to get it in the us
yeah because little edgy gokunaru the white twig is less cringy get a grip .
i heard from it here for the first time .
neither me or my friends experienced this in the last week and we went out alot .
i 'd just keep it as usd and slowly convert it to yen once per year .
keep it under 1 million yen to avoid gift taxes .
he just has them on the backburner except zoroark since it 's disguised as the lopunny but you are right that it 'd be hilarious if they just did n't recognize him lmao
i sometimes wonder what would 've happened if everyone just ignored kapernick .
like if no one cared about his very obvious virtue signalling and whenever he would 've tried to talk about his heroism '' everyone just ignored him .
do whatever you want when ever you want with whomever you choose .
you have the rest of your life to remarry or ltr .
women are not competing for me or against other women .
they are competing against my peace so it takes someone special for me to go out and commit to significant time or money spent and that is ok .
might just go to the dealership and tell them about it .
i know the person to contact cuz i did n't get them this weekend .
i hate it when people talk like this so i devoted time to learn .
look at that little fist that little boy is gon na punch you
the bad ones do n't like having them around .
a cop is far more likely to get fired for reporting malfeasance than they are to get fired for committing it .
i think the internship thing is an actual ethics violation by itself .
the rest of it sounds like a really unhelpful waste of time .
this is n't common and i advise you not to stick with this guy .
thanks i will tomorrow plus do h now if camaro 85 ' fit on the fiero
sounded like she was laughing at him winding him up .
taking legally owned handguns out of the the hands of owners who have their rpal is accomplishing absolutely fuck all since they are n't the ones committing gun crimes in our country .
for a sec i thought the sign said she thinks i 'm dad .
should i make my orc king fight with the bubble shield or just let him fight without power ups ?
they 're always free to toddle back to mom and dad 's room if they want.
get out of here and sleep with jana ! michelle
all your posts have been sourceless claims that are contradicted by posts with sources .
i was going to ask does it bring you all the loving feels !
the faq is outdated but the price for what you want has n't changed .
60 usd is still the price of the complete edition it just includes endwalker now in addition to the other stuff .
edit assuming you previously bought the game on playstation and not pc then you do n't need the complete edition just the endwalker expansion and an active subscription to be caught up on everything .
they are based on foi requests from the institutions so they are accurate .
the msc finance courses at top places get a small percentage of domestic students .
standard russell group uni should not be difficult to get into with a first .
oxbridge ucl lse etc will be a different story due to the level of competition .
blurry grainy poorly cropped no feet socks only and shoes only are not allowed .
to post with nylons make sure they are see-through and we can clearly see your feet .
wearing shoes make sure we can see some part of your foot like in sandals or open toe heels .
sneakers fully covering heels or boots are a no go .
all removals are followed by a 3 day ban so you can read up on the rules .
i assumed so because it was a gun club break-in .
really love this sub op 's so desperate that he posts here with a post that reads like a novel and all the replies just say it 's too long and so did n't read it .
on top of that op must be fuming at the async task and flutter comments .
he took his own life away from his self by making shifty choices .
if you have cc debt then you should n't have anything left over for savings or really much of any other spending .
if you want to save more money then you do this by getting out of debt and increasing your cash flow .
get laser focused on your debt get rid of it stay out of debt then save and invest as much as you can .
you want to be more like my ex wife ?
i just meant he can guardian while stunned or if not stunned they could ray/fade/fly
some game makers will ban your account if you try and use their game on a steam deck or any linux based os .
there is no evidence because intellectual conversations do n't happen .
you can watch them if you search debate '' friedman chomsky etc .
do n't want to sound like an asshole but it 's not really happy memorial day '' nothing really happy about it .
we also have these other subreddits available for promoting or if you 're looking to help support a swer today at
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cougars_and_milfs_sfw if you have any questions or concerns .
they have the technology needed to measure first downs and plays at the goal line/back of end zone etc and dont use it as they are capable.of .
on close plays they have the ability to review quickly like the nba does but refuse to use it .
it would literally take ten seconds for it to be reviewed from upstairs '' .
yes those bitches never leave you alone ! ! !
i looked at a dealership website while just shopping around and made the mistake of putting in my info and they 're still calling and sending me stuff almost 3 years later despite me moving and changing my number due to unrelated issues 🤣
they got a big house but has 2 bedroom for 19 kids ? ! ! !
the northman should n't be a disappointment to eggers it 's fucking fantastic
try playing during hot hours on the weekends where you get 2x rewards .
i think most people would queue during that time .
all it says that i would be added in a hour !
şimdi herkes mümkün olduğu kadar az çabayla geçinmeye çalışıyor gibi görünüyor .
this one has the ball cap and grommet is why it interests me
also do the hooks need force to stick on the wood or do they hook right away regardless ?
also i dont know the full spectrum of the game .
but you could really do some tower based levels with that mechanic alone .
my bestie is in france and is looking for a ticket
i guess my concept of backstabbing might be different than some .
to me people doing things specifically to beat out someone else feels like backstabbing .
they are doing something specifically to get ahead of their coworkers not to do their job better more efficiently etc ... .
they are all laughs and smiles while doing their best to beat out the same people they are being nice to .
your post title does not contain the name of the cosplayer or the name of the character .
please remember to submit your post with the cosplayer 's name and character name .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cosplaybabes if you have any questions or concerns .
ever had a bad experience in an old house library antique shop or something ?
meditate and see if you can find the connection it 's usually something that happened when you were young possibly associated with the smell of old books or musty furniture etc .
i carpool with an older coworker and his classical music radio station is extremely pro-ukraine .
love to luck and suck everything but especially your hot 4skin and big knob .
so youre saying we gon na start a dynasty ?
you have to understand that you talk about democracies all of which have far right parties who are supported by putin .
they can suffer a little translate into they can vote a full blown putin apologist at the next election .
if you think a europe that sends aid to ukraine but still buys oil from russia imagine a europe that blocks ukranian refugees and blocks any aid trying to cross the border to ukraine .
bold of you to assume the government does n't own you or your property already .
that 's why you pay income tax and property tax .
and the best part is they 're going to buy it back with your own money lol .
your account is too new and/or your karma is too low .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur_milfs if you have any questions or concerns .
like this is mostly what i 'm getting at right left dem republican gay straight trans regardless of who you are if you 're american you probably view your guns like a security blanket and that 's a solely american viewpoint and that 's why you 're always catching bullets .
knock it the fuck off you 're not rambo .
remember to flair your submission accordingly and mark as spoilers anything regarding raws or the latest chapter up until a week has passed .
if you 've shared some fanart that is n't oc help the artist out by sharing the source .
for more info you can read the rules in the sidebar .
by making this post you acknowledge that the mods are allowed to remove your post without notice if it breaks any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/komi_san if you have any questions or concerns .
i think if a man can appreciate another man 's appearance example hey you got a haircut bro looks good i like that shirt you got on little things like you that shows that they have a lot of confidence .
it 's when men or women for that matter beat and berate the opposite sex on their appearance shows low self esteem .
even joker figured this out in the adam west show he captures some of gotham 's richest and deduces that batman can only be one of them because of the time and resources needed to be a crime fighter and that he has a machine that read minds to find out if anyone is holding a secret identity .
which does n't seem bad have him scan some minds so the rich can be released .
the machine also scrabbles their brains in the process they all need a what is it called ?
giving dick a reason to save him before their secret is revealed .
to be fair headlights have improved about as much as portable gaming units in the last 25 years .
you do n't notice it today but try running 75mph in a 1981 plymouth horizon basically driving by candle light
³ i just saw on twitter that she 's going to be played in a scene from stranger things !
for record uabat and bmlin on there but chan preorder scammed a lot of people
be sure to check out https onlyfans.com/promohub to maximize your potential with promotional offers available to help you grow and reach more fans .
have you heard of the new better alternative to onlyfans the new service is looking to grow and help sex workers thrive with easy to navigate site and simple verification process join https dirtysecrets.vip today for lower fees and better service .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansprom if you have any questions or concerns .
top water hollow body frog power fish a curly tail worm on a weighted shaky head texas rigged soft plastics of all kinds but mainly creatures worms flukes and swimbaits .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i know but the energy of the capture is undeniable .
you were stacked against the odds security cameras alpha lunch lady and other workers that could 've caught you .
hyponatremia on its own is usually useless to guide management .
you need to know the history and examine the patient .
funnily people often get worked up thinking patient has siadh but in most cases it 's what i like to call syndrome of appropriate adh secretion '' .
the class identity part did not change at all .
the actual class bonuses you get from resilience have not changed at all .
the only difference is that resilience is n't complete dogshit anymore so capitalizing on the class identity stuff feels better even though it did n't actually change .
i completely agree but at the same time i do really sympathize with clint imagine all the embarrassment n just all the bullshit this disgusting pervert has put him thru i would n't b surprised if clint really resents/hates the chimo boglim in alot of ways
does n't this force you take on landlord liability ?
have to go through eviction if someone refuses to pay ?
if you can name an occasion when she used her cortex ...
crazy thing is at least where i 'm located a lot of fast food places are getting paid more than they used to .
most places started out between 8.50-10 and now it more like 12-15 not saying that 's a lot at all .
when i graduated hs i promised myself to never work a fast food job again after my first job at taco bell .
if they do n't like the job the people or the pay then they need to quit and find another job .
if you 're doubting khamzat 's cardio you really should n't be .
that was one of the highest paced 3 round fights where both guys threw nothing but bombs the entire time .
did she not wear this exact outfit in pink yesterday ?
i do n't know anyone here who has used a handgun for self defence or any means of protection really .
plus it 's an incredible pain in the ass to own one anyway i do n't get it
if your dream is to be a teacher your 'disadvantages ' make you an ideal teacher .
you 've been having a hard time as realising that you 're neurodivergent can be a big shock as well as an opportunity to learn how your operating system actually functions .
it makes sense that you 'd be getting burnt out .
remember that you have n't given up piano for life just for now .
making money from streaming may seem easy but it 's work same as anything else be careful that you do n't destroy the pleasure you find in your hobby by trying to monetize it .
with your diagnosis you may be able to get accommodations that help you keep on top of your learning .
if so they 'll be able to suggest things that help .
audiobooks and text-to-speech can help with the reading issues and perhaps there 's things you can do like getting someone to review your writing before you submit it .
my waist is 33in and my chest is 42in .
my arms are 16.5 and my legs are 27in .
i found them in a thread on the 4chan board tg .
here 's a link for those interested https boards.4channel.org/tg/thread/84714175 p84724296 https boards.4channel.org/tg/thread/84714175 p84724296
i 'm under the impression that the big yellow monster is a counts-as chaos spawn the big block of infantry are either counts-as marauders or chaos warriors and the big monster apparently has a brother who is a chaos sorcerer in the final pic .
i thought it was super cute and apparently the original poster had never posted it anywhere else so i wanted to share the adorableness .
also i think it 's entirely hand sculpted with greenstuff but my memory is hazy .
he 's just a double machine when nobody is on brian jordan
seems like everyone is jumping on the be curious troupe .
i mean we all love ted lasso but it 's so obvious that it has become a buzz phrase now .
purchased a tamarack home and got delayed 7 months 3 delay notices so hopefully moving in this summer 2022 .
carolina played a great third period they scored two goals
hello u/jax2 your request appears to ask for moral judgment .
per our moral judgment rule https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/ivahe5/meta_autoremoving_moral_judgment_threads_also any requests for moral judgment generally any yes/no questions will result in the removal of your post even if you ask for specific advice as well .
please remove any questions that ask for judgment of a situation again yes/no questions and instead request specific advice that could not possibly result in a yes/no answer .
we may not include messages such as this on future moral judgment removals for your awareness
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah it 's kind of like that with most movie series save for the best .
star wars but even that started to suck recently haha
if i invented cool whip i 'd do everything in my power to make sure no one knew about it .
i do n't think people were supposed to dislike skyler in bb definitely not to the degree people took/take it death threats to the actress and shit i think people just decided to despite her being at odds with her extremely fucked up husband .
the institute from stranger things is heavily inspired by firestarter by steven king .
the coincidences you 're seeing are just that unless tsukushi was also inspired by firestarter but that seems less likely .
yes 082 i think you will have a positive outcome shortly .
like nothing is worse than when everyone else joking and laughing in the party .
then one person just keeeeeps killing the vibe when ever they die .
r/onlyfansjustright is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansjustright if you have any questions or concerns .
its the same just a name walmart changed to online pickup delivery
very nice looks like a muppetized version of frank which is awesome .
any plans to do the rest of the gang ?
my corn brethren i agree one of those or the beans
biden agreed to test the .22 in the lung theory 😂
oh it will be a special night out for the 2 of us candlelit dinner for 2 watch the sunset on the beach then either get a hotel room or back to my place for a little fun
all the girls were dancing and singing and us guys were inside watching sports and wrestling 🤷‍♂️ then my sis daughter walked in and fell asleep so we stopped wrestling
kbb is the opposite they lowball car value like no tomorrow .
yes i appreciate the feedback regarding the 14 bonus drops
however i really do not care about minimum or maximum rng drops as that is the purpose of me collecting the data in the first place .
the long-term average of doing more than like 2 runs will be 4 drops regardless of your luck thanks to the law of large numbers and that 's what you should be basing your decision on regarding where to farm .
i am 34 i actively hike and run any where from 11 20km up and down mountains .
just got ta keep active and if you are not start small and work towards it .
my dad is in his 60s he looks barely 40 and runs farther and faster than i do .
dude sounds like he did n't do his project but is forced to present in front of class
fuck imagine being the cubs and seeing him come out the second game .
so every wrestler and every belt and every company is the exact same ?
three additional hours every week to twiddle my thumbs because everything is the exact same thing .
you believe every word of it but when i quote it to you the subject gets changed .
maybe you do n't believe the book at all just taking bits and pieces you want instead .
i listed a verse detailing how to accomplish it and the reasons the bible states it is permitted .
and you wonder why you keep having this argument .
wondering why she might 've needed a liver transplant ?
did she destroy it by drinking herself into a coma every night ?
housing food clothing energy will never be a free market because you ca n't opt out
fuck those welfare queens too ! ! ! ! !
i honestly just love getting my asshole fucked by big corp™️ whenever i need a service shame they do n't provide me any lube tho .
i had the gameboy advanced when i was a kid .
for a knock off it looks pretty good it kinda looks like shodaigoji with heisei era eyes .
sounds like you just need to circulate your air .
humid air rises in a big part of a hvac system is removing humidity from your inside air .
the one before that i used the compass square .
now i am just gon na try text colors .
i 'm betting if we zoomed in we 'd see an adams apple .
orangina is not a lemonade it 's kinda something between orange juice and orange soda it 's kinda nice .
if absolutely none of you care then you 'd be selling them jointly hopefully to someone who wants to honor his memory unlike you and splitting the proceeds .
look at her feet she 's wearing just very tall heels
maximus formula x newest bios tried different too 9900k ax1500 psu,3600 c16 g skill hx150 water cooler or whatever its called .
at my last job for a company that deals in cow loans i had to go through excel documents that kept customer records like how much money they owe .
rows contained the tag of the cow and the name of the customer and of course the customer name could appear multiple times for different cows but the amount owed would stay the same per row as a customer could receive another cow in case their last one died etc .
we had a physical book containing the new loan amounts and the excel documents needed to be updated with those amounts we are talking thousands of customers here .
the excel documents would have a more recent tag for the cow currently with the owner but the loan books would have older values of the tags .
searching through the excel document looking for the last tag the customer was on was a major chore using ctrl+f .
enter the solution python with pandas to make it super fast and easy to search for a customers name and find all matching tags related to that customer .
i basically wrote this to help me https github.com/ngomile/shmpa .
shes my fav doll and im glad i got her as a child bc id never be able to buy her now
western thinkers talk about all these high-minded moral concepts good and evil justice truth etc but historically westerners have also behaved badly !
that proves that all those concepts are bullshit ! ''
okay ... but if they 're really bullshit then there 's no longer any grounds on which to complain about the way those people behaved and we 're now freed from any obligation to behave 'well ' .
in elementary school we did this on a smaller scale using bathroom tissue
sounds like a bass but it 's a guitar ?
depending on the source the low end for free test reference range varies from 175-230 pmol/l from what i 've seen .
actually its been a trend since a few years ago to put figures or a screen with a looping video of anime/video game characters inside the case .
my god ca n't they see people getting uncomfortable ?
it looks like you have a us 512gb reservation .
you reserved your deck 14 days 5 hours 3 seconds after pre-orders opened .
there are 14 days 4 hours 22 minutes 26 seconds worth of pre-orders before yours remaining .
be sure to check out https onlyfans.com/promohub to maximize your potential with promotional offers available to help you grow and reach more fans .
have you heard of the new better alternative to onlyfans the new service is looking to grow and help sex workers thrive with easy to navigate site and simple verification process join https dirtysecrets.vip today for lower fees and better service .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansprom if you have any questions or concerns .
it is a mha fic if some are curious .
16900 for a 3 ton rooftop package in rocklin .
all comments must include a rating in the format of 0-10 10 ''
this does not apply to replies to comments and op are exempt from this and can freely comment on their own submissions .
this subreddit is for people to post pictures of their own nude body and get ratings/feedback from the community .
it is not for hook-ups sexting pic trading or anything other the the stated purpose .
being honest is encouraged but there is no need to be rude .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemynudebody if you have any questions or concerns .
have a couple brand new ta44 acogs and one of the high mounts that i think will work good .
i have used the a3 tactical foregrips several times and like them a lot .
think it will make this gun fit in well with my mp5 's as well as being out the true smg nature of this firearm .
why tf are you using an avalonian spear if you do n't have silver ?
damn i forgot about skarner there for a bit .
gon na have to watch some more flowers streams .
this post has been removed as it contains market/price related keywords that are filtered due to rule 6 market discussion and trading posts are prohibited .
we currently have an overwhelming amount of users posting about price instead please use the daily thread https www.reddit.com/r/cardano ? f=flair_name 3a 22daily 20thread 22 for price and trading related discussions or visit r/cardanotrading .
please only contact the moderators if your post has been filtered by mistake .
newbies guide https www.reddit.com/r/cardano/comments/lnj5ne/getting_started_guide_a_newbies_guide_to_cardano ensure you 've read this guide or your post may be removed .
create propose and vote on projects to be built on cardano !
⚠️ psa scams https www.reddit.com/r/cardano/comments/lccorg/psa_there_is_no_such_thing_as_cardano_giveaways read about fake wallets and giveaways to stay safe .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cardano if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's so dark in that scene i do n't think i ever noticed the woman was black .
through thick and thin every haunted manifestation of the corruption that was rumored to haunt this cursed castle the once great castle of valdar now left to ruins .
only those blessed by the holy spirits with the power of that light could lift the stagnation the malevolent corruption that filled the castle and threatened to spread across the land .
as you ashlyn the silver angel a highly admired and formidable holy knight cleansed the corrupted castle i could n't help but look up .
the fight was long and perilous night had already fallen filling the sky with beautiful sparkling stars .
and yet as we on the ground had noticed rising light .
orbs of holy spirits rising up to the skies taking my breath away .
i am a swordsman merely a mercenary who works for whoever can afford my price .
and yet those who did n't look down on mercenaries had heard the tales of a swordsman who always got the job done .
no one had seen his swordsmanship in person but he would always return unscathed .
why had i joined such an illustrious holy knight ?
the price was right paid by royalty themselves for me to accompany you .
but now ... .none of that mattered as i stared up into the sky awe-struck
i send my parents cousins and friends news articles of the child abuse and other scriptures in their own bible and they do n't even read it .
if it 's negative they wo n't even bother to look at it .
when i read something in the watchtower that did n't make sense i would bring it up to my friends .
i 'd say to them gee this paragraph sounds a bit off .
one time the society referenced the united nations data .
i thought it was strange to use your enemy 's statistics .
i read my parents facts from the encyclopedia and scriptures from the new world translation saying jesus is the true god and they still denied it .
its not 90 dog shit.. its targets hand guns and illegal trafficing and possession..
thanks for posting u/leehjl.to all the people commenting feel free to give your honest opinion but comments must be free from insults ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickwhitegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
ya i think that is a higher price than what it will retail for .
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
if you want to help keep these bots running please consider donating via patreon or stripe https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/donations !
apparently we wo n't know for sure until the rcmp are asked point blank in a courtroom by a presiding judge wether wort man was working for them .
canadian law allows the rcmp to lie about their undercover personnel unless they are legally obliged in a specific courtroom context .
i say to myself this is the best i can do .
bryant park was a popular spot during the mid 10 's playoff runs wonder if they might come back ?
until someone can tell me what am i doing wrong maybe .
i read all rules and i do n't know where am i failing .
i believe everything norad related and classified is exempt from foia .
i 've seen a few with cpcu titles in the industry but was n't ever sure what it meant .
i do unfortunately only work for a carrier that insures cars .
i held a cas and property agent license before but let it expire as i thought i 'd never need it 🙃 .
i think these numbers are highly influenced by the structure of the municipalities .
zwevegem is a partly rural municipality with a lot of single houses on relative big pieces of land .
on the contrary municipalities with a lot of lintbebouwing '' with only 2 facades will attract more people with lower incomes .
dude the amount of times somone has message me just sexualy harassing me its painfull
yeah and the images do n't correspond to their descriptions gacha heat '' kill me is under the emoji cat '' description and vice versa well at least i think they are mixed up .
joe rogan is what i call an internet libertarian '' .
they will insist they are unbiased independents who always look at both sides '' .
occasionally they will voice support for progressive candidates and/or policies that they are dead in the water to prove that they also support some stuff on the left as well as then right .
then they go on whining ceaselessly about the left '' and you know they 're independent '' when they use that term as pejorative lol while defending any and every stupid thing the right does .
when they ca n't get out of criticizing the right without looking bad they will do so tepidly before turning the conversation back to the left being worse .
they may have one or two issues that they will start consistent on that are contrary to rightist doctrine and these issues are almost always either climate change or weed .
pretty much everything else they will take the side of republicans every time .
remember when i said they 'd occasionally voice support for a progressive candidate who they know does n't stand a chance ?
when that progressive candidate loses they will always reluctantly '' switch their support to the conservative in the race even though their political stance is diametrically opposed to the progressive candidate .
this is why so many internet libertarians of rogan 's in backed bernie or yang .
they knew these guys would lose and then they could still claim to be both sidesers '' when switching to a republican .
you do n't like cole so i wo n't say nothing about it .
but i ca n't recommend roc marciano or aesop rock to someone who wants to get into english rap .
we do n't want to share him away lol .
kendrick cole and drake are best of greatest of last decade and are great as introduction into the genre
john johnson was a stud for bc in real life
i remember that afternoon very well it was the afternoon of the second day of the rodney king riot in l.a. my house was only a few blocks away in hollywood and i was watching from the roof of an apartment building across the street as the rioters move up western blvd .
we could track their advance by watching the plumes of smoke moving our way .
suddenly from the western boulevard direction gunfire erupted and went on sporadically for a long time .
my neighbors and i figured we made a pretty good target standing on the rooftop and came down .
what followed was two more days and nights of rioters burning and looting shops a half block from my house along melrose avenue sunset boulevard and hollywood boulevard and all i had for home protection was a curtain rod .
after the riot i went down to my friendly neighborhood gun store and bought a .357 magnum revolver and 200 rounds of hollow point bullets .
and i had to stand in line behind a bunch of other white boys to get it .
my husband had his phone stolen the first night .
it 's very violating but it just makes us all the more prepared for next year !
oh god i remember watching him pre 100k with bleach jokes and worst intros back in 5th grade
it does n't really matter where the adiz is drawn china will keep flying into it just to intimidate taiwan test their defence capability and strain their resources .
it 's not like china has anything important to do in that region of the sea if taiwan shrunk their adiz china would just fly closer .
it 's like your neighbour across the street sitting out the front of his house polishing his unloaded rifle and pointing it at your house every once in a while .
you can see the ammunition is n't fitted but it 's a massive red flag .
i had a similar problem it turned out that i became allergic to common chemicals used as fragrances in things like laundry detergent shampoo etc .
i only figured it out after i started breaking out in hives all over my body and went through a couple rounds of allergy testing .
i guess the skin in my private area was just more sensitive so i experienced itching there before the rest of my body which i mistook for yeast infections .
do n't get a pixel if you 're a mobile gamer like me .
the first-generation tensor chip inside seems to be somewhat inefficient for that i think the main reason google made their own processor is mostly for machine learning and to power their brand-specific camera features .
it gets very warm when i play brawl stars .
and more than a few times it had to throttle to keep the temperature from getting too high like at 110 f if i remember correctly using accubattery .
also the battery life is not as great as i thought it would be .
i will say that the haptic feedback is very good though .
in some cases better than my mom 's iphone 13 pm .
and yet there 's now other employees shunning him at work based on a perceived disability one has even gone so far as to mention this to op as the reason .
dude was probably bored and trying to recapture his youth
danish guy here i see your 6.05 and raise you to 17dkk 2,46 pr liter
pull a jaclyn by befriending her and getting her treatment
that 's true i thought it did n't have the same vibe as the other situations .
and yeah honestly the only complaints about turning red i 've seen are stupid like people annoyed at the cringy middle schoolers as if we all were n't cringy middle schoolers once xd or at the movie mentioning periods eye roll
they 're one of the most versatile things you can make quickly .
it 's fine so long as the mechitza/balcony creates a moderate separation rather than an extreme one or a minor one .
too minor and it might as well not be there .
too major and you might as well not be there .
on all levels as well as the local canadian real estate industry at large has facilitated money laundering out of china and basically everywhere else india russia gulf states developing countries in latam africa etc ...
on the other literally almost any local who could get into the market has done so and then overleveraged themselves repeatedly to get more and more property .
the boomer generation is basically kept afloat by their property prices and is going to retire off of it .
on both sides of our neoliberal 2-party effective monopoly and in all levels of government the pandering to real estate speculators and nimbys is not merely widespread but essentially the norm .
probably not in regards to a fair portion of it though it still gets exaggerated and the whole accuse foreigners '' and specifically accuse chinese '' trope is obviously ridiculous .
does the law matter when it 's not enforced and if anything local authorities are more than happy to obstruct justice when it comes to other nations ' wealthy illegally transferring their possibly ill-gotten gains ?
the choices he makes are his own and his responsibility .
it 's good that you 're staying firm and i do encourage continue doing that because stuff like this is only the start .
there is always going to be a situation that is triggering or overwhelming if you have bpd how you cope with them is what matters .
you can be there for him but he ca n't be dependent on you for his emotional well-being .
credit to you guys ! and everyone could have laughed the rest of the day .
instead he gets defensive like a little 12 year old caught in a lie .
then repeatedly tries to clap back with pretty weak rebuttals and walks face first into a severe self own .
but i know the musk fanboys probably sent death threats to the original source creators .
microsoft .net framework repair tool https www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx ? id=30135 and .net 3.5 offline installer https github.com/abbodi1406/dotnetfx35w10/releases
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
he could have a 60hz monitor and v-sync activated either cuz he forgot to turn it off or because he prefers image quality over higher fps
the notification is provided by your bank so there must have been an error or a loop on the notification server .
perhaps they like to watch on a tv that does not directly support the desired codecs/does not fully support the subtitles the content has and the server does not have an hdmi output or is not in a proper location to directly connect it to the tv ?
there are multiple reasons why someone may choose to transcode their content rather than playing it directly though if they do that often enough it may make sense to create pre-encoded versions if their server has enough space for it .
i know it might sound too easy but the longer you study stoicism and read/listen similar life advices from philosophers the more you notice them 'fit ' im every day situations .
the more you notice them you get better and better at it .
in the end you just use those advices as a tool automatically to rationalize your thinking .
in my opinion you should n't be too worried about being able to applying stoicism advantage of it is that most of advices are pretty logical and intuitive so it makes it easier to remember and recall .
life is not really fair or unfair it 's just random and only what you make of it .
we all get dealt a shitty hand at some point .
rich or poor healthy or sick things can change in an instant .
just make the best you can out of what you get or work your butt off to change it .
when she put it in the microwave and did that with her hand i bet she was thinking .
in a higher pitch voice oh my god you talk too long so my french fries got cold so i 'm funna heat them up in this microwave like it 's me being lazy on a sunday afternoon .
that the ending is not the end of tony soprano but the end for/of us .
that bacon needs throwing back under the grill it 's got no crisp
the primary purpose of religion is to convert more people over to that religion .
religions are subject to a survival of the most persuasive '' and only religions that are best at this continue on .
if it pops back out it 's indeed time to get it replaced .
laptops have some clearances but it should be stable like a little raised but always at that same level and working perfectly .
if you can press it back to normal '' and it pops back out every now and then it 's not normal clearance it 's a small manufacturing error .
i am a virgin because of a lack of understanding and the other hand .
as a horde army player this looks very elite and hard to imagine how to hold all objectives in matches .
covid broke him but he was going full limbaugh well before it .
really he 's done what everybody assumed was impossible .
common wisdom was that an eastern european country standing up to russia would be crushed the 20th century gave us many examples of that exact thing hungary poland czechoslovakia .
not only has that not happened ukraine is punching back just as hard .
the us did n't help any of the eastern european countries the way they are helping ukraine .
he 's brought more unity to europe than ever before .
he 's knocked the scales from our eyes with his bravery and shown us what russia really is .
if zelensky walked on water tomorrow i would not be surprised because he is working miracles right now .
edit i was guessing on the noodles they just look like noodles .
i invade plenty i 've seen sweat no man should see .
it have numerous ui bugs and lacking a lot of qol .
and i 'm not even speaking about lack of spell\weapon balance end-game activities and etc .
like there 's some server settings that does n't work .
it 's there but changing it does n't affect anything .
it may look polished if you play for 2-3 hours but it really need like month of bug fixing and then 2-3 month of qol updates .
you 're the only person who has said they are a mother of a newborn that is up googling .
and many more than one mother on my end .
hell i have 15 sister and most of them are mums .
lol i just used my little sister as an example because she is the one in my family that used white noise first .
and because her sleep deprivation was so horrible that i can still clearly see her exhausted face in my mind .
so maybe instead of basing everything on your own personal experience and being rude to someone online for literally no reason other than you do n't like their personal experiences you should try to understand that everyone 's experiences are different and just move on .
i mean hell you have been openly hostile to me simply because you do n't like me suggesting to op that they tell the mum to try white noise .
i feel bad for that mum because i know she is trying hard to figure out what works best for her baby and on the off-chance that she has n't thought of trying white noise it could really help .
the issue is if there is only 1 it can be hard to find him
perpetual debt is the game and long scam we all expect you to play .
the infinity pool god tier dd has its own sub ?
you 'll be brought to 4th wall breaking area and receive special mission just for you
first thing i did was redirect the script output to a temporary file so i can see what made it crash see https askubuntu.com/questions/434242/where-is-log-file-from-rc-local
second thing make sure all paths are absolute you seem to have this done right already and also use cd to change the current directory before running the script
third a bunch of libraries i needed was installed with pip under user pi instead of root .
when the script ran the log showed that the imports failed .
i got lazy and just installed the same libraries again with sudo .
i 'm sure the proper way is to have a proper python virtual environment setup so you can just point to the right environment .
judging by your project name you are making a wifi cat feeder ?
this is exactly like that meme you can google never stop gambling meme
this comment has been automatically removed because your reddit account is too new or you do not have enough karma .
the minimum criteria will not be disclosed so do not ask .
please read the rules and the posts at the top of the sub for more information do not message the moderators until you have done this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wouldyoufuckmywife if you have any questions or concerns .
but i have excuses that have n't worn out yet .
i 'm not the not tonight i have a headache type .
or like how i have n't given up on this ridiculous idea that maybe we can get help to learn enough so that our son does n't have to give up his little world or life as he knows it or lose having both parents full time .
when you called my vagina a monster it really hurt .
i do n't want you to call any of my body parts any kind of derogatory term in the future even if it 's meant as a joke . ''
we are entering the level of fetish that should not even be possible
depends on local law but in the u.s. in most states at least a marriage becomes official during the ceremony when the second person says i do .
you are legally required to file the appropriate paperwork but if you fail to do so the marriage remains valid .
never heard of the brand but been eyeing these for a while .
op please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post .
commenters please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed .
if you see anyone breaking the rules please report the post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/strangerthings if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll pound that ass of yours to make it bounce and feel it my luv😘❤️
some parts of the country you can find more gun stores than gas stations or churches or gas stations and churches .
there 's also lots of private ffl holders that are basically just a guy with a license to order guns from the manufacturer for you ... no storefront just a business card .
then there 's walmart and some sporting goods stores .
women are actually attracted to me and see me as someone to raise a family with in part because i 'm not a racist shithead .
take notes maybe someday you can be like me too .
i would love to see them in completely different roles but still acting together !
india is n't similar to its own self and these guys are trying to sem2sem with pakistan .
90 of pakistanis are native pakistanis 10 are urdu speaking who traveled form various parts of india not punjab kashmir that do n't fit in the main ethnic groups of pakistan and are from places like bihar etc .
so that guy is just high on everything from afghanistan to indonesia is akhand bharat .
replacing short efficient terms with long clunky ones just ensures they will never catch on !
it would also be some amusing payback if english contaminated '' french like french did to english centuries ago which iirc is partly responsible for english being the illogical spelling nightmare it is today !
sick idea i 'd never get bored w this obstacle lol
when i was a teenager i kind of identified as transgender but in college i came across this concept of the third gender because i studied german and it came up in regards to the magnus hirschfeld institute and so then i always kind of identified with that .
and over the years i came across different terms that i 've kind of associated with particularly genderqueer .
at different points in my life i 've found ideas like gender fluid or two-spiritedness helpful .
in general i think queer makes the most sense to me but i 've started saying non-binary because i think more people understand it .
i wonder frequently though how different my relationship to gender would be if i had been born a decade or two later .
for me growing up when and where i did seemed to force me to radically accept that i did n't think i could ever be a woman and so how could i create a life as a fabulous woman wielding the body of an unusual male .
yeti is great for higher energy weeks as part of a 'boxing ' deck where you have lots of high energy cards .
in playability terms hms beagle is as good as clouded leopard
you could blame defensive cards as the reason spell cycling exists .
i mean why can they defend with 6 elixir .
there are many defensive cards that work in spell cycle decks like the slow mini tanks and a 1 elixir cycle card but the one card that 's in every spell cycle deck or cycle deck is ... log .
it really does assist a lot when you can cycle it on enemy pushes but the community was against even a slight nerf to defensive logs so here we are complaining abt it
ich glaub eher dass sich die westbahn unnötige '' stops spart um schneller als die öbb zu sein .
in kufstein oder jenbach wird die westbahn wahrscheinlich nicht stehenbleiben sind aber nur eigene vermutungen hab da keine informationen
i thought it 's was i gon na got it '' but it 's actually i got a cat ''
quick questions go in the daily random discussion and quick questions thread thanks !
fyi if you 're new to r/malaysia the daily random thread is the top sticky post when you click into the subreddit .
well that 's true i was being rude.i gave a rude yet respectful opinion .
you 're just jealous that her runway walk is so incredible she does n't get booked !
but the bootloader will be on my first ssd with windows ?
if it does n't overwrite anything from windows then yes it is just too simple for a tutorial i guess !
ı made a mistake are you talking about this door .
the ai scaling is n't perfect but it does n't make sense to complain it 's too easy when not playing in the hardest level .
the middle game is more of struggle in a harder difficulty .
emperor is joke for me i can see why it would n't be fun .
hope that they can build a team around him to make those last season games matter .
i ca n't imagine not having a dutch oven .
soups stews chuck roast roasted chicken leg of lamb pork butt risotto bread stuffed peppers spanish rice marinara sauce etc .
later today i 'll be making chicken cacciatore in one .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't mind an aggressive crackdown on vulture capitalism predatory lending and real estate speculation
as for music learning with manga has decent soundtrack as well .
at least we can be sure that it is something that will never be bad .
make sure the post is appropriate and not to delegate or go against reddit policy or r/markiplier rules .
if this does break rules please report it immediately .
posts that encourage raids on other subs or platforms is a bannable offense .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/markiplier if you have any questions or concerns .
böyle diyenlerin anasının amına güdümlü füze atmak istiyorum böyle vuuuuu diye uçucak tam hedefi 12 vurucak zıbambuj sonra tüm radyo ve televizyonlarda füze tuttu füze tuttu diye haberler yapılacak bende gururlu bir şekilde evet biz başardık diyicem evet
he took the piss out of himself on friends when he played the stripper for phoebe 's bachelorette party .
it means when someone is unable to make a solid argument they quickly turn to trying to attack the person 's character they are debating out of desperation ... but the real funny part was when you took it a step further and actually started changing your story !
after telling everyone you 've had seeds sprout in as little 2 days because you germinate in soil instead of paper towels when i said i 've had the same results in paper towels and have it documented on my profile from months ago suddenly you said you 've had them sprout even faster ! 🤣 now that was funny ! ...
and using your same logic of i did n't call you an ignorant dumbass i just said let 's not be an ignorant dumbass '' then i did n't say we were having a debate i just said people like you are n't worth debating ... see😁 ... and i never said you could n't say anything you want to say either .
i said you could n't say it and expect anyone to take you seriously which judging from the downvotes you 're getting i 'd say i was right😉 now since i already know you are not the type that 's up for the challenge of actual debate with substance and will undoubtedly have more substanceless dribble to say after this i will just leave you with another quote .
maybe this one wo n't go over your head .
i do n't know of a mouse that has 100 free scroll that sounds broken to me .
i also guess it does n't register even the miniscule movement you make with it because even gaming mice with infinite scroll still scroll in same distance increments it just makes it easier to scroll really fast .
i honestly think this scrolling problem is really because of your mouse because scrolling is designed around stepped scroll wheels which are on basically every mouse ever made .
if you have a toggle button for stepped and stepless scroll you should keep it at stepped .
because like i said stepless still registers same increment but it 's just for faster scrolling .
and you would n't want to have scroll pixel by pixel .
that would mean that each step on the scroll would scroll only 1 pixel .
i do agree that middle click to scroll smoothly should have a bit bigger range but i also use a pretty low sensitivity in general so for me it 's actually fine .
if they did n't do what they were asked of they 'd be quickly forgotten .
their doppler radar picked readings of solid objects in the general vicinity .
though because of its low resolution it could have picked something else .
it could be a natural phenomenon it could military drones testing it could be anything but it 's still weird .
agreed they wanted to show off the multiverse and what they did was a good way of displaying it granted they could 've probably written it better but it 's acceptable .
per the sidebar please format your title as a question .
your question must be an actual question including a ' ? '
feel free to resubmit your post with a specific question as the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/careerguidance if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd probably have to go with troy with hines and bettis as a very close second and third .
כז וְהִשְׁקָהּ אֶת-הַמַּיִם וְהָיְתָה אִם-נִטְמְאָה וַתִּמְעֹל מַעַל בְּאִישָׁהּ וּבָאוּ בָהּ הַמַּיִם הַמְאָרְרִים לְמָרִים וְצָבְתָה בִטְנָהּ וְנָפְלָה יְרֵכָהּ וְהָיְתָה הָאִשָּׁה לְאָלָה בְּקֶרֶב עַמָּהּ .
27 and when he hath made her drink the water then it shall come to pass if she be defiled and have acted unfaithfully against her husband that the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her and become bitter and her belly shall swell and her thigh shall fall away and the woman shall be a curse among her people .
כח וְאִם-לֹא נִטְמְאָה הָאִשָּׁה וּטְהֹרָה הִוא וְנִקְּתָה וְנִזְרְעָה זָרַע .
28 and if the woman be not defiled but be clean then she shall be cleared and shall conceive seed .
one of the best handwritings i saw here no cap
well even without the blackmail ask yourself what action does the uni typically take against students who get others to do their work .
typically something like that is a serious breach of academic integrity and could result in expulsion from the uni depend on their policies and the severity of the act .
and if your visa is dependent on your academic affiliation i would expect you would need another reason to have it renewed otherwise you 're heading home .
sorry you had to manage both work as school but the time for mercy and help was back when you were initially struggling .
getting blackmailed and the fallout from it is a bed you made yourself .
if you were that desperate to manage your uni may have been willing to help before .
plus if you were n't doing the work were you really learning ?
now well may plato have mercy on your soul .
i remember having seen one of this in an illusions museum it 's trippy as hell
i 'm waiting until the last month then i 'm gon na rebinged the entire bleach anime within that month time frame so my brain will be ready for more bleach in october
you mean the interception where one of your defenders hit him in the head ?
i 've seen tsgts get msms and even bronze stars .
definitely not the norm and not done as much as it should be .
i already do n't care about dating but being short for sports is annoying
does that mean the slot for altstore itself will not be used .
do n't know if lucid dreaming was the cause or not but i had lucid dreams almost every night for some time and felt exhausted .
ako se zelis okusat u golang-u pogledaj si https www.hashicorp.com/jobs/engineering https www.hashicorp.com/jobs/engineering .
ne znam gdje jesi trenutno ali recimo za njemacku imamo pozicije za terraform core i nomad niti jedan od ta dva produkta nema veze sa web developmentom .
i guess it 's time for you to worship ur pedo prophet now
since i 'm sorry nobody is replying to this post here is my matchup .
weird characters from different age rated characters who are inanimate objects but are alive as a secret .
i am genuinely curious how you all start in the early game .
pretty much pick industry skills to save up on fuel supplies and build up fleet for bounty hunting and then just roll on bounties .
if i ca n't take bounties then industry skills also help with trading via storage increase and fuel efficiency .
when done i can just reroll skills if necessary .
having a fuel tanker always helps to extend the fleets range and they come in all sizes .
pure combat ships are superior to combat freighters in most cases .
you can toggle map overlays that show your fuel range and there is a display of exact amount of fuel that is required to reach your set destination near the radar widget .
as far as fights goes i 'm afraid that figuring that out is pretty much a major appeal to play the game .
if you ca n't handle the fight try avoiding it via reducing your sensor profile .
edit you can quickly check for pricing of items when you are on a planet while hovering the mouse over an comodity and pressing f1 .
also the commission with a faction can easily cover for supply fuel costs for a small fleet and it scales with level .
it can be a little annoying to deal with hostile factions but nothing impossible .
officers also require more pay with higher level so if you are really scrounging every bit of money then you could also keep officers under leveled .
all posts must specify your age in the title .
please report sellers using the free flair or any problems you may encounter .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phonesex if you have any questions or concerns .
so this is out of the actual topic but it might be interesting for some
nigerian prince broken written english where a 1 time proper template would do it ?
it 's to filter out the non-stupid or non-inexperienced people .
when you read it and think that 's so stupid only an idiot would fall for that !
yes that 's what happens and is aimed for .
these and those with lack of experience or security like old people or people new to the internet .
iam not defending cdu because they really messed up big time on some decisions but there where choices that lead to the current situation that where unavoidable for the cdu-party because of the will of the voters .
it 's not as easy as it might seem at first glance and that 's all i wanted to point out .
i mean it 's a leaked release at least 2 weeks before beta testing
i 'm just as awkward online as i am in life .
so i mostly take notice of user names in the comments section buy nothing nore .
i enjoy writing so i can understand with some being a bit challenged .
though there are a select few 3 partners i 've had that have been friendly and pretty cool people .
i wish you luck in finding friends here though !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
the progress may be a lie but the relationship between the progress bar and the displayed number is usually accurate .
olha a situação da empresa não se confunde com a do casal .
o que é bem da empresa é da empresa e não entra no divórcio o problema no seu caso é que a conta pelo que entendi é particular .
nessa situação ainda que esteja no nome da sua mãe se eles estiverem em regime de comunhão de bens será meio a meio tudo q veio depois do casamento .
it is just cut to make it look so .
this scene did get me thinking tho like yeah he 's insanely popular but would he be in his world ?
or would he be seen as a weird/secretive tiny grumpy dangerous guy ?
i understand why you hate cops but i do not agree with how aggressive you are .
so no i have no intentions of withholding my opinions .
so i do n't have to listen to you .
abgesehen vom unerlaubten zugriff der polizei umd der code injection über excel in die gesundheitsämter mag das stimmen .
im trying and i infected 3 ppl till now .
sorry everyone 's been attacking me on this one it feels like and i misread your reply thinking you were saying the science they present was legit .
first it hinges on the hope that farmers get the right to repair .
you know better than i would the feasibility of diy vehicles but it sounds like it could be a tricky concept to not only assemble and maintain independently for farmers but a bit of a hassle .
lastly a lot of the farmers are 3rd gen and have literally been in business with the local family john deere ih branch for decades so these are all things to potentially consider from my initial thoughts
why does n't the opposite party run on these things and usurp their position ?
your post i think our sexual orientation is defined by who we want to have sex with .
your opinion falls under an incredibly common topic in which virtually all opinions are either not unpopular or are posted about many times a day .
please visit the megathread hub which can be found when sorting the subreddit by hot '' sticky 'd at the top of the page where you can find links to the current megathreads .
if you 're not sure which megathread your post belongs in or your post covers multiple megathread topics just make the best selection you can .
if there is an issue please message the mod team at https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2funpopularopinion thanks !
guerrero has ´second place in number of births in mexico and is very poor semméxico
guerrero may 5 2022. the local deputy ricardo astudillo calvo proposed an initiative to guarantee medical care and health services to women throughout the period of their pregnancy .
in his argument astudillo calvo referred that guerrero according to inegi is the second state in the country with the highest number of births but also the federal ministry of health has data that the highest number of maternal deaths occurred in institutions of public health 434 occurred in institutions of the ministry of health while 198 in the mexican institute of social security .
hence he indicated the urgency of reforming subparagraph e so that pregnant women are not discriminated against their access to maternal health services is guaranteed from the beginning of pregnancy and until delivery and to have the necessary facilities to his proper recovery .
astudillo calvo mentioned that medical care must be timely improve proper treatment and non-discrimination for patients served by the health system in the maternal area and proposed implementing mobile units under the midwifery care model with the support of traditional midwives who possess the necessary knowledge skills and competencies in a collaborative environment that is respectful of women 's decisions .
finally he said that as legislators they contribute to guaranteeing health services and care for women during pregnancy in each of its stages but he also stressed that it is a demand taken up by the voices of hundreds of future mothers so with this initiative will ensure the health of both women and babies .
give ll back her shield and we 'll call it even steven
he said a little off the top not his whole damn head 😂😂😂
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
she 's a little sick and got a cold and so she 's stayed home from kindergarten this week .
i 'm a minor i do n't think telling my age would be relevant but i 'm a teenager almost a young adult .
still my parents eat normal food around me and i have my own food it 's all good whatever .
i 'm kinda used to it since i got diagnosed at like ten years old .
so my parents decide to go out shopping my dad 's finally got some time off work to go out and shop my mom 's sick of taking care of my sister all the time and i happen to have the day off because of covid .
mum and dad asked me to take care of my sister when they 're gone and they made it clear that they would be gone the whole day .
my brother would be at school until three and would stay at a friend 's house and they 'll be picking him up so i 've got the house and the whole day to myself and my sister .
i really love her and we 're very close so this was more a gift than a chore .
we hung out watched tv i helped her a little with her learning letters and numbers and i cooked for her .
i gave her some of her gluten snacks after meals when she wanted them and i gave her breakfast consisting of bread and lunch of pasta .
so yeah i provided her with a whole day 's meal plan basically .
my parents and brother get home at about seven at night i would say ?
my mom gets mad at me because..i gave my sister gluten food ?
obviously i have my own food that 's gluten free right ?
you would n't even know there was someone who was gluten intolerant in the household if you did n't check the one drawer .
and my siblings get all the delicious treats available around us .
we have money so of course we get spoiled in a way .
my parents try to get me and my siblings the same things like when they get waffles i get gluten-free waffles when they get cake i get gluten-free cake .
obviously this did n't happen all the time and hey i 'm fine with that !
long as they 're happy and i do n't feel left out .
what i 'm not fine with though is my mom always calling me selfish when i refuse to share my snacks with my siblings who literally have their own .
no i do n't mean it in the 'let me try it out and compare '' i rather enjoy that and support it but what i mean is i do n't like them full on taking my snacks and eating them .
i called my mom ungrateful telling her how i just babysat for her for a full day and that this is n't what she should be saying .
she snapped at me telling me that it was her house her rules and that my sister is just five and deserves snacks .
i told her that my sister never asked for anything of mine .
and that i probably would 've shared it with her gladly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
falcon and winter soldier was super bleh those flagsmashers were incredibly stupid .
hawkeye had comically incompetent and uninteresting villains and made kingpin a goober by having him go out into the open to fight kate and end up losing .
what if was a mix of really good and meh episodes .
wandavision was pretty good with the great mystery and buildup up until around episode 5 when the cliche sword guy shows up .
moon knight and loki are actually neck and neck for me they 're both great
could you recommend me some books which have many povs ?
by many i mean 5 in one book if it 's a series but the more the better .
i liked how it was done in asoiaf and some dragonriders of pern books .
i 'm planning to read wheel of time stormlight archive and maybe malazan but i wonder if you know some other ones .
recent advances in medication new type of inhailer have ment my asthma is now correctly controlled for the first time in 45 years .
i suggest you go to a different docor and ask for a thorough review of your treatment regime .
i hate that i can recognise the huddersfield cashino gaming franchise by sight apparently but i greatly enjoy that i will think about this meme every single time i walk past it from here on out
not gon na lie the christine palmer relationship never gave me anything except a few scenes in the first film where i thought damn benedict is a good actor '' but that line tugged at the heart strings it doubles down on that two ships passing in the night feeling of a missed connection between these two because of circumstances .
protect the kids '' has been traditionally used in america for everything from discrimination against people of color banning books banning games banning textbooks banning music and at a time banning mtg .
many shelters have a massive theft problem let alone curfews and the fact that they throw you out at dawn basically .
if you have a strict shelter they 'll throw you out for not having shoes even though you had shoes when you came in let alone that you 'll not be allowed out and might be charged for everything you use .
if you have a lax shelter then they 'll let anybody in and it 's horrible .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
booker t to me is like a nfl wide receiver that was around for 8-10 years and was productive and very good every year but you do n't realize until years after the fact just how great he was .
this has nothing to do with ember moon or any jerk but i just wanted to say booker t is a legend .
you can use translink travel cards if you 're over 60 but not any young person 's travel card or student id .
got ta get those old bastards out to vote for the status quo .
if you 're into archery then you could help me with my amy !
that was legitimately just supposed to be upon please do n't take it up the threat
i would get your toe ring caught in my throat and you would have to give me mouth to mouth ...
imagine thinking woke-ism is a bigger problem than war or poverty
the small one in the back in between the fan and the hygrometer that 's the grandpa 's stash that 's going outside .
i 'm going to get it outside soon and start to harden it .
the rest i need to flower asap cause i know they 're gon na stretch a lot .
i plan on potting them up to 5gal fabric lst pots .
going to tie them down and open up what 's pliable .
✨ i have a very naughty and kinky nature .
✨ i love to share fantasy and make your dreams come true !
✨ i am fetish friendly especially love to play with saliva .
gagging spanking my ass slapping my face and tits lightly play with pee in the bathroom while touching myself gives me pleasure !
recording from public like a dressing room or toilet makes me very excited and super horny !
✨ i 'm from central europe but my english is fluent and my accent is cute .
2.8 minute minimum 15 minute apply for sext for later also 🌡️ i 'm sending texts and pictures but mostly responding in videos and filming what i 'm doing !
🌡️ all pictures and videos you 'll receive are custom made for you and recorded during our session .
nothing is premade which makes your experience unique and really interactive !
💧custom video💧 10 minute minimum 5 minutes 🌡️ private for your eyes only is additional 40 🌡️i am more than happy to use your name for additional 20 dollar because the content become exclusive 🌡️ i am happy to make your unique ideas come true and play with your kinks and fetishes .
💧custom photosets💧 🤍 i 'd love to please you with a sensual photoset made just for you exactly as you want it 🌡️ poses outfits and more of your choice .
pricing depends on fetish requests and depth of details to follow .
💧cock rates 💧 🤍i 'd love to see your most exciting body part .
🌡️i only do short in-depth authentic and honest cock ratings in voice message or video in few minutes .
audio note is 20 video rating 720p nude or in an outfit of your choice 25-35 🌡️ i love to spice it up with a little play and show how would i treat it and show how does it makes me feel .
i am not into submissive topics which harm my health financial controll sph not doing scat and puke close family role play .
you mean like nl pitchers did for the last 150 years
these should load faster but amp is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the open web https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
maybe check out the canonical page instead https www.tiktok.com zetricky/video/7094180723883592962 https www.tiktok.com zetricky/video/7094180723883592962
yeah but my mom put me out he gives me a place to stay he took my virginity i do n't wan na turn into someone i do n't wan na be so i sray with him he 's never cheated sexually but he has paid for of text other girls
that 's not really uncommon for someone to do .
you could always buy your own flowers and look passive-aggressive if that 's what you 're into .
first world problems they never have to deal with shit like a mouse infestation .
anything that carries ten different types of disease especially in your household should be better off killed glue traps or not .
this is my original theme song for dc villain vandal savage .
i wrote it during my last semester at university and just uploaded it to my soundcloud with my other themes .
i do plan to make a yt video going over the process on how i made it here soon so if you are interested in that you can subscribe to my channel here .
ok imagine it 's good and you 're the one fighting it .
as if the elden star from elden beast is n't bad enough now with player 's scalings and buffs
when used in the correct dosages chemical stabilizers should n't affect taste at all .
i would never risk assuming all yeast to have died naturally the risk of losing bottles or even getting injured compared to the cost of putting some milligrams of cheap stabilizers in just does n't compare .
read this carefully because we will permanently ban you for violations
your post was removed because it exceeds the 3,000 character limit .
you are not allowed to continue your post in the comments or another thread .
you will need to post it again we can not approve the removed post if you edit it .
do not attempt to circumvent this requirement you will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it would work especially the two pack version https 1.bp.blogspot.com/-1ch21uzlrwo/xpacvfosmpi/aaaaaaaakbg/mlx4zrxb5lw_pzfppqch3cacjkuivuccgcncbgasyhq/s1600/12b316a7-e0bb-48e6-b503-81333469c633.jpeg or with a little paint on this one .
thor ragnarok was imo the first mcu movie that was able to be over-the-top and colorful and i think that shows in it 's costume designs .
i lose my mind every time i watch them fumble through the choreo scream/mumble the words hit each other with props etc .
excuse me sir im looking for an s tier ergonomic bubbler crafted by an angel .
but more importantly this aircraft seen from 45,000 feet away would n't make a peep .
and how many videos have you seen where we 're looking at a ufo '' that does n't do much ... as in the title this is n't a ufo .
i honestly think you need some help with this .
these are not the concerns of a well-adjusted adult .
i know a lot of us carry our childhood insecurities into our adult life but you are letting them rule you .
i think its time to work on yourself so you can bring a better version of it to your marriage and your future self .
i 'd strongly encourage you to find a therapist or some other means of working through this .
it is clear that individuals high in grandiose narcissism desire high status and perceive themselves to have attained it successfully .
if this perception falters however and their perceived status is threatened they may experience narcissistic vulnerability .
to compensate for a perceived loss of status and otherwise try to satisfy a strong need for external validation zeigler-hill et al. 2019 individuals high in vulnerable narcissism may seek social inclusion any port in a storm '' .
that is an interesting take on the coping strategy of someone with vulnerable narcissism .
now i 'm picturing a toddler aaron sanchez throwing cheese figuratively and literally
op needs to speak with an academic advisor to find the right path .
hey silicone implants can be fatal if they rupture or leak so yes .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required topic tags .
please read the youtubers wiki entry on topic tags https www.reddit.com/r/youtubers/wiki/index wiki_topic_tags for the complete list and their usage .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubers if you have any questions or concerns .
do they have the option to do a cashless '' exercise ?
you effectively get a short-term loan from the brokerage for enough to exercise the options then they immediately sell some or all of the shares to generate enough cash to pay that back leaving you with however many shares were n't sold along with any leftover dollars .
the larger the difference between your strike price and the current market value and assumes market value strike price the fewer shares need to be sold .
things may be more complicated if the company 's shares are n't publicly traded since that can restrict your ability to sell .
a ruling literally prevents the government from making decisions but because your local government leans towards your political affiliation it 's totally fine .
but do n't want to jump straight into another 150 odd hours game
be careful ... valheim can take up as much time as you want to give it .
dang i just ordered these seeds how 's the smell did it keep that red pop candy taste was super worried it be lost in the cross
that 's good you can always air layer if you want a new tree .
i have just as many projects that are not bonsai related .
which again very much depends on the consumer laws in ops country .
you can find enough posts on the internet stating how much trouble a transferred warranty brings .
removing your condom without telling her is considered sexual assault .
now let 's see how the radical feminists react to the verdict .
i 'm just saying regardless of their excuse the irony of it all is that if they are n't genuinely sorry according to their book it 's not all poof happy ending they 'd be fucked .
new ones are fine and some models come with a manual safety if you 're into that
in case you 're wondering why this is because the walls have unit slots to mount your units to and they only point one of two directions outward or inward most archer 's firing arcs '' simply ca n't react to your units on the side like that .
it 's possible to get units to do this on the wall of course you simply have to not have them actually mounted to the wall so they can free turn .
also any unit that has the ability to fire and move would work as well since their firing arc is 360° .
you can achieve similar spellcaster cheese even with grounded spell casters .
simply walk the unit up against the base of the wall .
you 're out of the tower firing arcs and out of line of sight of the units on the wall due to ... the wall itself .
as for the units inside just standing there and taking it that 's an unfortunate side effect of the ais strong desire to hold the wall chokepoints that kind of overrides a lot of their ai .
you notice how they were moving around a lot when you were flying over top of them ?
it 's because they realized you had units breaching the wall so they were reacting to that .
once you switched to camping over the empty wall they no longer had any units breaching '' the walls to intercept and defaulted to regular siege tactics of waiting for you to attack .
similarly if you decided to actually land your flyers on the wall aka engage melee with the archers they would react to that as well since the walls themselves have been attacked they would send up some melee units to protect the archers .
but yeah this is more or less why sieges are considered bad in this game .
blaire does n't even believe she 's an actual woman so she 'd probably just quietly seethe knowing she has no argument
imagine comparing fearing abuse and rape to fearing gold diggers .
pretty sure only rich men have to deal with gold diggers .
best way to avoid it is date a woman with money
but sometimes god uses us to send messages for him .
because people could be asking him to send someone to help and sometimes that help is us .
so if we are n't obedient to god that person wo n't receive their sign/help .
they 're definitely not my own doodles i bought ab/ap and folie already signed and the signatures from what i 've seen of other signed items seem to be accurate at least according to this disc on worthpoint https www.google.com/search ? q=fall+out+boy+signed+cd client=firefox-b-d source=lnms tbm=isch sa=x ved=2ahukewjxvlymxb73ahxmncakhyz8d4mq\_auoanoecaeqba biw=1536 bih=676 dpr=1.25 imgrc=sysz6uh6g1satm https www.google.com/search ? q=fall+out+boy+signed+cd client=firefox-b-d source=lnms tbm=isch sa=x ved=2ahukewjxvlymxb73ahxmncakhyz8d4mq_auoanoecaeqba biw=1536 bih=676 dpr=1.25 imgrc=sysz6uh6g1satm .
the signings on futct are legit as i got a friend to go to a signing in order to get it .
i do n't mind if they are n't legit though i believe them to be and that belief makes me happy and it 's not like i 'm ever going to sell them .
would you trade for espeon deoxys gx promo pika zekrom promo and cinderace v fa ?
plot twist they only got to eat at taco bell .
what program should i use to draw flagz like this ?
she has n't had to wear a mask in how long ?
but the masks are definitely what caused her acne because she never got it before due to her csc 🥴
well mgmt just had me spending a lot of money for like 3 seconds of music .
add that to last year 's 4 figures for vinyl and blu-rays they must be doing something right .
my 2 cents amuse is very aware about how amazing and patient most of the fanbase is and is working on something maintaining the immense quality we are used to .
without forcing su and moa to tweet fashion tips or similar in the meantime .
i would love to be able to swing from the trees .
felix von feurheim who ironically started as my protagonist then became a lancer and it the lastest draft he is a partner turned friend turned lancer turned antagonist to my main character alexander de olivae who is sidekick turned main character .
felix is the kind of guy that screams to the heavens he is a just man while being at action a horrible monster .
the kind of man that lets a noble boy drown because it would mean there is no lord to govern the town .
a man that goes to poison blades so the good guys win .
'' the road to hell is paved in good intentions '' and the road to utopia is paved with skulls of the impure ''
this is mostly why i build him like he is .
a sterile species hybrid and a very direct idea of just an edge lord .
it builds contrast with alex who is far more world and in the now .
in truth the contrast of past unity and equality and a modern diverse and hostile world .
only for there patron empire to attack them and whip out there whole world .
but where alex just enjoys the menagerie of there great world .
he preaches he likes most cultures but truthful he only sees how they should adept to be more like the rest .
felix is a form of imperialism globalism and ego that you know better the locals .
and that why he is my antagonist he is bitter and spitfull and slow to trust .
the world hurt him and he doesnt want it again
hi i am gif and i am a sex addict .
i always find the experience and stories of my fellows to be profound in helping my own self reflection .
in the meeting this morning i realized that i have the sincere fear of being vulnerable with people .
it has been my experience that i have trusted a lot of unhealthy people in my life and their behaviors have caused me to feel very hurt and betrayed .
what i learned in my meeting this morning is that this is a common experience of many sex addicts .
i also learned that negative experiences with one person should n't derail me from being willing to try again .
to successfully complete step 6 all i need to do is identify what needs to change .
i am grateful for the fellows inside of the room they give me a forum to look at my problems from different perspectives .
we also happen to have spiders and snakes too .
i 've seen a fair bit of dangerous animals before .
i probably camp and hike more than the average person but not a ton .
things i 've seen in the wild are diamond back rattle snakes scorpions quite a few bears although the ones near my house i 've never seen but they have completely bent the bird feeder out of shape twice .
there 's lots of coyotes also near my house that you hear yipping from time to time and a neighbor has seen a couple .
i do n't think they 're really dangerous to humans though but a pack could probably take a toddler but i do n't think they ever have .
my grandparents were both stung by scorpions worst i ever had was a man o war jellyfish that came over my lap in a kayak while in the ocean and stung my legs .
we also have ticks in the us that carry lyme and really that 's the worst out of any of them in terms of damage that i 've seen .
my dad got fairly sick quite awhile ago and had a friend last year be in the hospital for weeks from it .
we also have black widows and brown recluses although i do n't think the amount of people bitten is really very high .
we also have great white sharks and i 've been told not to get into certain water because of them although they do n't seem to attack all that much either .
central america is also in north america and i 've seen poison dart frogs had a friend stung by a sting ray and seen a bunch of other things that kinda looked poisonous but i could n't identify but they certainly have things that you do n't really want to get on the bad side of .
plus you got to be careful of malaria or at least hope you 're not gon na get it .
i 've also seen crocodiles in central america and have had the thought should i swim across this ?
eh i do n't see any crocodiles so it should be fine . ''
and actually i think i 've seen them in florida too although maybe they were alligators .
i did n't notice the size but i did think the whole thing was tiny lol
yeah ... teens get physically and emotionally and ... abused in other various manners at the ranch ... ...
i pray that i wake up and it 's 2007 so i can go back buy bitcoin and warn the labor party that rolling krudd is not the land of sunshine and rainbows they think .
he 's the guy i would put my money on to make it for the young guys .
call them and have them send the code by email .
lol not in my robe but i do a check on all my plants every day .
it 'll probably be a few years before i eat any but i 'm stoked about them .
haha yea i have those on my old ath-m50s i just felt like trying something new
this is a light stick that belongs to a kpop group called ateez !
i guess an atiny ateez fandom name lost their light stick on their way home from their london concert😅but anyways light sticks look really awesome if their in a venue
i always thought bow was like take a bow or bow wow not a bow in your hair or a bow and arrow
just saw the first episode of the man who fell to earth and noticed it also has a black british female lead whose character has a male first name .
then saw the names alex kurtzmann and jenny lumet in the credits also from discovery .
is this like a fetish for one of these writers ?
love naomie harris and the show is certainly intriguing .
the television show deviates radically from the source material to the point that it can not possibly be a replacement for reading the books as it tells a fundamentally different story with fundamentally different characters .
nothing in the show can be understood as a prequel to anything in the games .
on the other hand the books give you background to the characters in the games since the games are a continuation of the books .
ironic that mlk in the lower right would 've been appalled by this .
i just get some cheap 30 dollar red dot that i do n't really care if it breaks
boil them gently in a covered pot for about 90 minutes to 2 hours .
i asked someone about those once and they told me that they 're for the motorcycle 's own safety as by being louder they 're more apt to be noticed by cars around them .
i dislike the noise but i understand the sentiment .
it 's less of a hey look at me are n't i amazing and more of a do n't kill me measure .
i feel the same way if i my children were n't around i would n't be ether
i see this as putin knows the current state of everything and does n't want to sour relations with western institutions that much if he was planning on all out war or nuclear strikes why would he bother with bond payments .
so in the end the byrdes win after ruining countless lives and ruth and the langmores get killed 1 by 1 .
but i do n't mean in the sense of being expected to .
makeup can be a form of art and expression and if there was n't such social backlash from fellow men and other women could you see yourself trying to experiment with the medium if it did n't feel as though it is n't for you '' ?
i really thought the new riddler would become one of the he 's literally me ! ! ''
characters like joker or the fight club guy but i guess no one wants to admit they 're a redditor
yes but no you have to actually move to dodge something .
firstly being able to see something coming at you at mach 350 impossible for a human then moving your body at absolute extreme speeds probably close to mach 350 but all depends how much distance you had to react but a couple meters wo n't matter when dealing with something coming at you at 280 000 miles per hour .
for someone who can react to mach 350 they had a real hard time seeing akaza/rengoku fight moving in a fraction of a blink ''
idk about you but 280,000 mph is alot faster than a fraction of a blink
would an underground house avoid severe damage of a tornado ripping over it ?
being born maybe lol i did n't ask for this wait did i ?
and i wish my other sperm sibling will win the race and be happy in life xd
i dunno kinda looks like he is doing a dry rub down there ... . 🥴
but it is unnatural for khajit to speak in the first person https gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/271345/why-do-khajiit-speak-in-the-third-person
no you do n't have to increase the price .
you just have to make a billionaire take home less profit .
it 's been shown time and again that minimum wages in other countries are far higher and the price of goods is about the same .
do n't know why that 's so hard to grasp .
i 'm 59 and i 'd jump back into it .
in a db once that 's resolved off i go .
that 's just the algorithm i ended up paying for the premium and with the free boosts my number of matches went up 10x .
still had normal tinder problems like conversations fizzling out and stuff but i did meet my current gf with it .
so really all the matches are hidden behind a paywall for men .
i read somewhere for every 1 woman they 're 10 men on tinder .
odds probably are n't good for same sex interests either .
to the point if you shoot me down i 'll make sure to hunt it down for the rest of the game .
il sundance squirrel fly into your spawn and blow us up together if i have too
i 'm not sure what 's the significance of claiming that this is manually guided though .
i 'd like to see pulisic start instead of werner .
i like timo but pulisic is more creative and we desperately need that .
i still wear one as i work in a school and am around 1000 people every day .
this situation was single handedly created by the incompetence of the browns organization .
but that 's the beauty of it no one is perfect .
it should be noted that the 25 figure refers to btg battle tactical groups and not the whole military .
the u.s. estimates that russian president vladimir putin has around 75 percent of his total military committed to the fight in ukraine '' the official said clarifying later that the 75 percent figure mostly refers to battalion tactical groups which is the units that he has primarily relied upon . ''
at the height of our wars in iraq and afghanistan we were about 29 percent committed '' former u.s. army europe commander lt. gen. ben hodges noted tuesday at the center for european policy analysis think tank .
if those are destroyed though russia has no more ability to exert non nuclear force on any country .
if i do n't play along my kids do n't eat .
at some point you have to look out for yourself because nobody else is
wife and i would love to have some fun with you
it 's such useless language but that was the point .
the idea that teachers should avoid anything parents are sensitive '' about is scary for anyone raised in an area where mixed-race relationships were a sensitive '' issue or anyone has parents in cults like jws .
the world does n't change to shape the sensitivities of the parents .
this was the team senna and prost used to race ...
thanks to the other cat who posted how much he charges for ads because here 's the grift .
he 's making probably near 100k a month per show in ad revenue .
enough to pay for bots to keep businesses paying him for ads .
he then pays for bots for his network shows to get ad revenue there which is his fee for allowing them to use thicccboy .
they keep they 're view money or maybe a small percentage to stay with tbn .
it 's why he told waluigi that somebody has to do the work and read the ads .
it 's all about bot farms funding ad revenue .
i wish we could keep track of other virus infections .
colds rsv rhinovirus which has a family i know knocked out currently flu what else is there ?
if these other virus numbers are on par with covid numbers then it would seem like covid has reached an endemic ‘one of the boys ' state .
i would personally still prefer to mask in public cause i like not getting sick especially with taking care of a toddler full time which is hard enough when well .
yeah whatever the jigsaw level is will change the calculation a lot
with big money crops melon pumpkin and cauliflower i think the only ones .
you have a small possibility to grow a giant crop which you ax down and get like 11 crops .
that 's cool idc what you say or about what the downvotes say .
i did n't goto you giving my opinion so leave your comment to her and keep it pushing .
would it have been after he lost to leon no ?
funny until they realized he only had one donut .
i 'm probably setting myself up for downvotes with this but ... fallout 76 .
but these days it is much better most people agree it 's about equal to or even a smidge better than fallout 4 .
i do n't know if you 've ever played a fallout game before but if you liked or have been interested in playing fallout 4 then 76 should interest you too .
it 's a big map but it 's sparsely populated you 're looking at about two-dozen or so players spread out over a map that 's bigger than skyrim with plenty of dungeons and quests .
so it is an mmo but honestly feels like a solo game most of the time and indeed you can play the vast majority of it solo but of course you can play with others too if you want !
despite that the game is n't really all that competitive in the pvp side there 's a mechanism that means that one player shooting another does basically no damage unless the other player returns fire .
so you can just ignore them if you want .
but that nearly never happens anyway because the 76 community is really chill and welcoming and are always keen to help out new players coming out of the vault for the first time .
they 'll drop you weapons ammo and helpful stuff .
but at the same time you do n't feel pressured to engage with interacting if you do n't want to not once did i use a mic everyone just uses the in-game emojis to communicate unless it 's for a team-specific quest .
most of the time when players pass each other they just wave and be on their way .
it 's not a subscription it 's just a one off purchase and honestly i did n't feel pushed to pay any extra on the micro transactions i just used the ones the game threw at me for free .
i get that it 's hard to convince people on this game given it 's history and it 's not perfect but it is a solid game now .
i 'd recommend picking it up on sale and giving it a whirl it usually goes quite cheap these days .
tl dr fallout 76 had a rough start but has come a long way servers are sparse might be worth a look when it 's on sale .
i 've beaten it once already but after elden ring and watching flare play it i got the itch to revisit it .
i do n't replay games often but this one 's so different from from 's other stuff that it feels brand new after getting used to the souls-esque dodge through everything '' method of defense .
do you think a mind so easily swayed by an outfit is one thoughtful enough to be turned by destiny 's arguments ?
hvis du bruger bæltet husk at have spændet i hånden
how does exporting oil sands from east coast ports going to reduce oil costs of consumers .
you also tried to tie your pet pipe to a train derailment yesterday .
i 've worked on both and places with lots of pipelines also have lots of tankers trains .
pump 30 rounds of 5.56 into him from my ar15 .
to stop the ball from going out of the stadium
we mostly play ranked so yeah i 'll try that next time .
my most recent ex loved being on top because she can go at her own pace .
it never bothered me and it 's nice not having to do work .
i did notice driving sometimes it would give me notifications of me hitting my steps for the hour/day .
this man put mega man and link in the same tier as the belmonts i am fucking rattled
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/shiterposting/comments/uiyki5/tutel 32 32
it was a creepypasta i read a while back and was wondering if someone could find it .
i did n't know if it was real or not but i figured it was worth a shot .
i suspect their survival might be better if they are released slowly with time to get their bearings .
the first of many finish lines for sure but hell it 's big .
sorry you do not meet the minimum sitewide comment karma requirement of 100 to post a submission .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
please look at the rules page https old.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/w/posting_rules for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cscareerquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
i noticed that you 've submitted a post under the self promo '' flair !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/virtualyoutubers if you have any questions or concerns .
i blush a bit and kiss you on the lips and giggle some
which the owners should pay for and it 's 2 centre halves and a wingback for defebce which should cost around 120 .
midfield would be ideally tchouameni for 80 but if not him then kamara for free .
striker i feel we do n't need to go for it yet
does n't look like the usual slick cgi and it feels like an in camera object .
this made me think of the kyoani arson attack and now i 'm really sad
might be a trade between parties to prop up their portfolio in order to avoid marge ?
they have a lot of cash from naked short so they have to find some ways to wash it .
now we all know that cash is worthless as a collateral but brk and treasury bond are pristine so they might use those excess cash to purchase the asset for collateral through dark pool price ca n't go up too high and move it around between parties that got call by marge and satisfy the call .
we have dd showing that brk.a got trade a lot in darkpool after jan 2021 so this might be a case .
you have been given the name your price tool. do n't throw it away
just like with spelling errors you know what the point is .
i mean ... if you have that much mana just play something that wins the game
at my workplace 1 resistors are standard and for high precision we also have 0.1 resistors .
i therefore used 0.1 resistors and it worked quite well i 've also used 1 resistors in another design with a differential amplifier and it worked quite well too .
i am going directly in the ground plane sense resistors are the 4
bottom ones on the first picture of my post though i forgot to use a
copper pour in the pad to via trace and put more than one via which
on my power ground plane and everything else ground plane i believe i measured 18mv or so difference when the voltage across the shunts were 50mv max .
also i did place the resistor close to the radiatior which is very bad for thermal drift .
if the sense resistors are up against the source terminal they 'll already get heated up quite a bit in my experience .
i used 2512 resistors and even though they were only dissipating 1/8th of a watt they still got up to around the 80c mark .
but also you can compensate for this by using low tempco resistors .
the isabellenhütte ones i used were iirc 20ppm/c which made the temperature rise irrelevant as the resistance stayed more or less the same regardless
my bad to have written artisan while i was talking about a professional model a bowl lift model here https www.kitchenaid.in/countertop-appliances/stand-mixers/bowl-lift-stand-mixers.html ? plp 3arelevance 3acategory 3acountertopappliancesstandmixersproductsbowllift plpview=list
16 kills first time using this build with shit gearscore ?
i 'll take things that did n't happen for 100 plz
i guess his fate is sealed unless he shows more improvement .
31 ca sa evidentiez faptul ca e scris negru pe alb
i saw a video saying this is done by someone sitting in russia lol
there 's a few things lue talks about or brings up in almost every single interview .
middle of nowhere wyoming cat like me in congress etc .
i want to think there 's a line of breadcrumbs we are n't picking up on .
just because it would be fun to find i guess .
unless she has a do n't ask do n't tell policy 🤷‍♂️
i would suggest that the minute he starts you get in the habit of immediately shutting it down .
but getting suspicious because of insert issue here is not only crazy it 's pointless and stupid .
if you want to do therapy let 's do it .
but i am over being needlessly accused of things i did n't do because you have 'trust issues ' '' .
i only play pc so i have no idea the problems youre talking about .
alot of inflation on the market making everything extra expensive .
yesss find a sling library if you can so good
also it 's very good to see more groups going abroad .
this was actually an error in the costume department they had confused jimmy saul 's actor who cameos in the earlier seasons with howard but jimmy being the great actor he is actually followed the script to a tee including howard 's descent into hiring prostitutes
please read this entire message in length before messaging the moderators or you will not receive a response .
your post has been automatically removed as it appears you 've made a help requst in a link or image post .
help requests must be made as a text or self post as there is not enough space in the title of a link post to fit all information required .
please ensure you include details of the problem the research you 've done to find an answer yourself and why that research did n't answer your question .
we 're looking for evidence that you 've made a genuine effort to find an answer .
you can find more details of our posting requrements in the sub 's rules https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
they 're fleeing a corrupt government i would n't be so cocky about that if i were you ...
sure but should the man later become aware they would have an extremely strong claim on custody of the child .
all she has to do is not tell him .
we need to start running for office and agree not to put one more person over 50 in office .
these old politicians have been trash since day one .
and we especially need to get rid of the far right loonies .
apparently they did a report on how much it would cost to buy congress .
if we have to raise the money ourselves we could do it .
so i can give vic a gauss rifle right ?
'cause i currently have cassidy marcus sulik and vic .
marcus has a turbo plasma rifle while sulik the super power fist .
if i give vic a gauss rifle what about cassidy ?
but what your comment says is i value a 'healthy person ' over 'a disabled one '
it 's a really shitty thing to say ... and you brought it into a comment.. just randomly for no reason ...
you compared using this word wrong to being a nazi .
not to mention your whole argument was that using reject was inappropriate because most of society agreed it was then you turned around and discredited yourself and said that just because a lot of people agree with a definition does n't make it true .
so if reject is proper here by definition and you ca n't prove or articulate in a way it 's not beyond your own opinion i 'd say it 's settled that it 's perfectly acceptable and you just do n't like it for whatever reason .
douse the entire thing in plenty of alcohol outside .
do n't let the toxic liquid drain into the ground .
i 'm sure the political party that got away with insurrection will keep their heads cool on the fililbuster
i generally do n't like isekai but i 've been killing slimes for 300 years and maxed out my level '' is my comfort show .
the executioner and her way of life '' has my attention rn because it 's yuri
lmao okay so i guess you 're just dumb af .
aew so good they got people out here forgetting how it works .
and your insults are as valid as how strong you think hook is lol also you trying to dismiss my point by just saying you do n't watch wwe is comical
i recognized the voice after a minute but the look and mannerisms were totally different .
ootp was the better game but hbp just felt so much smoother i wish it was n't so short .
i think you need to churn out more returns .
if you want to live in a theocracy you should live in a theocracy .
any chance you have a pic of your lighting setup ?
for this shot i only used one einstein light soft box that is on an avenger boom arm and c-stand .
the right has been fighting to overturn roe v. wade for about 50 years and just succeeded .
the left has been fighting to keep roe v. wade for 50 years .
people have run entire national campaigns on overturning roe v. wade .
just wondering if any of the mushy headed redumblicans in moscow mitch 's district are gon na start messing with his livelihood since he took so much in bribes from russia during the orange babboon 's 4 hellish years .
if you bought a cheaper imac it should be the same cost as the highest option above .
egpu case is 200 then a graphics card off ebay or somewhere 200 .
ehhh maybe saying 1-3 is more accurate i do n't think i 've bought more than 12 beers in a 7 day week since college .
i didnt vote for him because i actually thought he 'd do that stuff ''
1 them insisting if i 'm president this will happen '' is a lie .
2 your choice of president is basically student council posturing to be fair because the other guy was a big fat meanie
i mean if the president does n't accomplish anything who cares if it 's a small handed vulgarian with adderall addiction ?
at least you are hot that 's the main takeaway for me
our islg has a wall of boxes about 6-8 foot tall on our top rack
🟣 you have 0 shares previously logged with drsbot .
damn how she let them kick her on the ground like that ?
so that 's 28 named unreleased characters with the unknown names that 's 36 unreleased characters .
what do you think the 8 unnamed characters are ?
no one is judging you and you should n't judge yourself .
many people myself included drank without knowing they were pregnant .
eta for your own sanity please do not google everything during pregnancy .
sounding hot bend you over my knee see if i can make you squirt right
but i think maybe someone thinks that leaking this opinion now will soften the overall blow .
thankfully i already have an appointment booked with an optometrist so i can ask about this too .
i hope it works out as well i want to setup a bird feeder it 's no good if i ca n't watch the birds !
i guess i 'm just doubting myself because of my mom 's reaction when i finally got a hold of her and how furious she was with her guilt trip .
now i do n't even want to see them even though they are in town and i 'm not sure what else to say to her because no matter what they will spin it in some way that is my fault .
you should be consenting to parenthood because assuming you are not actively using acceptable forms of bc getting pregnant is the direct consequence of inserting a penis into a vagina .
i dont know if its the camera but this lokks so sketchy .
so venge adds elemental dmg and does n't convert any physical to ele ?
any interest in sydney 5 belana 7 ronnie heart top malcom omar holding heart cup or mony for patty ?
do n't get me wrong i do n't want an echo chamber .
i 'm not trying to silence people for liking or being hyped for stuff i 'm not into .
i 'm just saying that if a vast majority dislikes a thing then what 's the point of talking constantly about said thing ?
i see discussion about the sequels on this sub way more often than i see discussion about the original flcl but it 's always people shitting on the sequels anyway .
also considering shoegaze and grunge are being made by mostly the same people if you think there 's any chance of them being good you 're just setting yourself up for disappointment .
just the fact that they 're named after music genres like progressive and alternative unlike the original series should tell you something .
what kind of hornady and what caliber or shot size ?
holy shit how 'd you know you cut the right part out ?
sure each club has its own set of die-hard fans but from the players ' perspectives real and barca constantly feature as the ultimate destination of almost all players .
the rules regarding the bans are pinned to the front page so no one has an excuse .
anyone breaking the rules will be banned for a week to provide adequate time for users to see the film .
we 've already banned several people for that length of time .
i 've considered shortening it to just the number of days until next monday but we have n't suspended anyone who posts more regularly than once a month so we have n't had anyone get upset with the longer ban time .
i 'm not trying to ban people who regularly post here mostly just those who like to post spoilers anywhere they can .
i feel like glad is a lot more fun to play .
you can learn to be one day but you 're not there .
edit thunderbird has been my mail client for over 20 years now and i 've converted people who used to use outlook .
so i 'm excited to see it come to android where mostly bad mail clients exist one exception being k-9 mail .
alternative view presented if you would rather suck an all white cock then lick a brown pussy you in fact might be a homosexual not a racist !
1 i live in seattle with a spare room .
why do n't you just wear a bracelet or get a tattoo ?
they are n't f1 cars they are rss formula hybrid cars
i 've seen a couple of them on here but do n't think i saw this one .
sexualforschung fand in deutschland schon vor über 100 jahren statt 1918 wurde in berlin das institut für sexualwissenschaften von u.a .
magnus hirschfeld https de.wikipedia.org/wiki/magnus_hirschfeld ? wprov=sfla1 gegründet in welchem unter anderem auch transgeschlechtliche personen behandelt wurden .
ebenso wurde dort eine der ersten erfolgreichen weltweit dokumentierten geschlechtsangleichenden ops durchgeführt s. dora richter https de.wikipedia.org/wiki/dorchen_richter ? wprov=sfla1 .
vielleicht kannst du dir schon denken was danach kommt das institut die dortige bibliothek und die aufzeichnungen/patientenakten wurden zum großteil von den nazis zerstört die behandelten personen ausfindig gemacht und in vernichtungslager geschleppt .
dass die allgemeinheit heutzutage nichts davon weiß wie viel schon damals zu transsexualität geforscht wurde liegt überwiegend am naziregime .
i like him as well he 's been a great servant to the club but he can be a little shaky .
i hope he proves me wrong and he 's absolutely class today .
if both are 4pc shime then it 's notice af .
depending on your belief system nature or god ends 50 of all pregnancies .
the rest is what is being negotiated after the grand abortionist has taken their cut off the top .
just saying that fetal abnormalities that would cause pre-term death or stillbirth are common and it 's tough to fault a woman for ending that misery sooner rather than carrying to term .
i 'm proud of you brother do n't listen to your parents .
you prioritise allah almighty over anyone and ask allah almighty guidance for your parents .
you have some nerve defending the division that white peoples have used for generations .
like i mean i get rich people thinking that they think everyone is lazy and beneath them but the common man just eeww you ca n't get paid a livable wage because you flip burgers .
i want to lick daddy 's cum off your ass 😋
i have n't installed it yet out of the country right now
but will come back soon to install it and give a feedback
gasket looks normal but will add some extra gasket maker for sure
if you can wait i 'll post back here when i install
in real life conditions condoms are about 85 effective and the pill is only 91 effective .
on phone now will reply on pc in more depth later but check out emdr therapy it uses bls bilateral stimuli to reduce ptsd
he 's playing his favourite role but still losing the ball
ya ... lots of abused people minimize the abuse .
nogle får kvalme og mave pine ved selv små doser 2c-b oralt men ofte kun kortvarigt .
kan anbefale pulverform opløst i vand fx 6mg/ml og boofed rectal med lille målesprøjte .
så kicker det ind i løbet af 5 min du slipper for mavepine og kvalme og det er meget nemmere hurtigt at bedømme om man skal have mere .
men med en pille er det ikke en god idé .
og test gerne din pille så du er sikker på at der ikke er amfetamin eller mdma i .
i 'm just taking my seat here to watch you get shredded in the replies .
to notice and point out diferences its not the same as exclude people .
kids dont tend to exclude people just like that damn for them its even cool to have a cyborg around them
what would you call the league below the main league to a layman ?
if you do n't like me calling it the g league i 'm fine with using whatever term you like .
my point is that it 's not the main league .
i would argue your current set up has little value compared to continued practice at longer and different ranges .
if it were the opposite my whole business would be crushed .
this hits hard because i am a girl and i enply it so well boys or men
factory conditions are crap at the best of times it must be a living nightmare there now .
it wouldnt cost much for apple to spend a tiny bit and make it compfrtable or a home away from home for these people .
how many more incidents will it take before they do something humane for them ?
apple stock deserves whatever hit from this it gets .
although wont make much difference cause the fanboys would still buy it even if it took living human parts to produce the newest version and cost 2k
the russians had already proved this earlier when they blew up a chemical storage plant and the fumes blew over their troops .
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
end of june and may 15th end date is not a. deal breaker
say that end of may is possible or 25t may as contract might be ending but you can only confirm in a few days .
their expectations of you were different in this job .
i mean you ca n't buy or own something that you ca n't hold .
it should have a no sale hold at this point and should of never been sold .
how mad can i get my wife without her divorcing me ? ''
this is why i dream of quitting after my second year .
not everyone does it but enough to ruin my day .
it was only a matter of time before the self appointed saviour of mankind arrived on the scene .
sure if they take away the wildcard system in favor of adusting system it would n't be great but if they would just add a dusting system on top of what is already in the game the games economy would be much better than it is right now .
better cover it with my mouth so it does n't get sun burnt .
sorry you have to deal with people abusing the mental health lines too that 's such an obnoxiously immoral thing to send to people when you 're angry .
brutus hooked up with an ugly female croc the next morning he chewed off his own arm .
i do feel much more comfortable camping around a family or even a couple than like a group of young men .
yeah thats definitely a nice one there was a guy on here who had a ton of nice kobe patch autos you could always ask on here if anyone has any kobe patch auto for sale
thats lot more than europe and america is vastly larger landwise
it 's like the machine that detects fetal heart beat .
technology is always embedded with the biases of the inventors .
i do n't think i like it because it means that tamlin would have to be in some way comparing his sexual relationship with elaine and feyre and theres a whole ugly mess there ...
but honestly i do want sjm to do something different and unexpected .
but i also want happy endings for elaine aztiel lucien and tamlin..i will die on that hill !
your pfaith is true i will follow the pfaith with all my injections .
in great britain england wales and scotland abortion can be carried out for any reason up to 24 weeks .
northern ireland is the one that should be green not great britain .
and then they hit 8 months old and their switch flips and they stop being loveable and just keep being jerks
what 's the difference between boycotting for their deep inequality towards women in the name of religion or for shifty business ?
because the point is n't to put them out of business the point is to literally make a point that a group of crafters wo n't spend money there unless they change their ways .
that 's what a boycott is for not to be self righteous .
as far as i 'm concerned i 'll never spend money there for so many reasons .
denying women healthcare spending millions upon millions on some bs religious museum with stolen artifacts from the middle east and just being shitty in general about religion .
i know people who truly believe that all what stalin did was necessary otherwise west would 've shred ussr to pieces .
i mean we do n't know if calcaterra will beat stoll yet .
i think we already have tight end 2 and it 's one of them and whichever one it is n't will probably compete with jjaw for the 3 spot .
last time i thought i had covid i did have it
if you intend for this clip to be an intermediary to edit with in premiere which it sounds like you are i 'd definitely suggest exporting as prores 422 or prores 422 hq instead of h.264 .
this will minimize quality loss to be nearly lossless plus you 'll have the added benefit of improved editing performance thanks to working with a codec optimized for editing .
so if you have the storage space for prores i 'd recommend that .
once you 're done with your edit you can export as you normally would with whatever delivery codec .
is it just me or is n't this really the right sub for this ?
i do n't really understand what 's the next level here .
mirage mains crying in the corner we get skins every 3 seasons get like 2 then silent
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm so proud of myself for what i did on the writing portion of the exam yet i 'm crushed because it still was n't enough .
i sort of wonder how much of it is for show though .
is she really head over heels or is she just trying to make ben think she is ?
please do not put these people on high pedestals .
curious how a college student is making a little cash on the side
they should make it bigger so you do n't have to cut the joint paper or get smaller ones
wehn you alsou need help for the triops you can ask me ok
do not put any comments in your payment message or you will be permanently banned .
if you do not receive an automated pm from me then you can confirm your payment only after you have paid by filling in and sending this pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wacowillie3281 subject=payment 20info 20for 3a 20 5bmain 5d 20item 20name 3a 20the 20lego 20batman 20movie 20bundle 20 20137 20spots 20at 20 245 2fea message=raffle 3a 20 5bmain 5d 20item 20name 3a 20the 20lego 20batman 20movie 20bundle 20 20137 20spots 20at 20 245 2fea 0a 0aspot 20numbers 3a 20 0a 0apayment 20name 3a 20 0a 0apayment 20email 3a 20 .
if the above link does n't work then try this one https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wacowillie3281 subject=payment 20info 20for 3a 20 5bmain 5d 20item 20name 3a 20the 20lego 20batman 20movie 20bundle 20 20137 20spots 20at 20 245 2fea message=include your payment name and email as well as the number of slots you bought in this message .
shes probably talking about natural musk from a guy and 2 ... .yikes
easy give people the urge to have two kids at most .
how would people starve if i keep providing abundant resources ?
i feel like you need to think these responses through a bit more .
these are all trivial issues for an omnipotent being .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/getmoreviewsyt if you have any questions or concerns .
the story intrigues me but i ca n't get through 6 episodes of this and it may just be because it is a poor dub or it may be a cultural thing .
do n't use lime juice it 's too acidic and it will taste super sour .
i honestly dont know what roster moves will matter ... we got jones and lundkvist hanging out somewhere while fucking nemeth is out there ... fucking reeves puttzing around doing nothing ... what fucking moves matter if theres a roster type that is set in the front offices head ? ?
traders always react to known future events well ahead of time .
this crash is so bad because the market is pricing in those future hikes .
by the time they come the market wo n't react nearly as much or at all .
not true some people can resist it or become jaded to it ... . thise lucky few
a secured card is a credit card that requires a deposit-type down payment towards the card before use in order to ensure you are able to pay it off .
secured cards are common for people with little to no credit or poor credit .
ppcrv tally also shows a wide gap in favor of bbm .
the ndp platform can promise anything it wants as the ndp wo n't be forming a government .
i am a male but refer to my heart as female and sometimes as sarrah .
it sounds like you have specific needs that may well fall outside of this suggestion but when our kids were in sports and had to provide an annual physical a lot of the local chiropractors offered athletic physicals for 25 .
they did run through all the routine questions heart blood pressure etc .
looks like it 's tested by manual manipulation of the foot so this might even be in scope of what a chiro can diagnose .
cash patients often pay far less than insurance is billed .
while we are at it what happened to ken anderson in nwa ?
i remember he feuded with colt in the early days of power
dm me sir and i can tell you all about how i would service that beautiful cock
pretty trope-heavy and a bit too cringe at times .
i 've always wondered if the metalheads are losers who get constantly beat up and harassed by the cool kids '' trope is a real thing in american schools .
at my highschool in canada metalheads/goths/punks usually just hung out in the smoke pit and did n't get fucked with at all .
i had a lot more fun watching todd and the book of pure evil and deathgasm .
i remember this and just took a quick peek at google and i found this https en.mediamass.net/people/amber-riley/pregnancy-rumors.html .
thats what i just thought but that means i can say whatever i want
if you choose to make a sacrifice or donate an organ good on you but it 's your choice .
what do you warn it about in the microwave ?
its dangerous enough that you might die but not enough that the accomplishment of reaching the top is very impressive .
most of the dangers are mitigated by the sherpas who die quite a lot trying to prepare the path for what basically amount to a glorified tourist trap .
while the view is beautiful i 'm sure what makes this place not worth it is the human cost .
i have literally hundreds of games installed on my m2 and ssds .
i 'm constantly installing and uninstalling and playing new games .
i ca n't see any issue specially with such a light use as yours .
by the way do n't waste money on a hdd it 's a slow noisy drive that will give you nothing except lower price for gb .
it is outdated hardware still has its uses but those are quite niche now and there is absolutely no reason for you to get one instead of another ssd not m2 if you want a bigger and cheaper drive .
you need a real estate attorney you have a case for sure .
theis might as well make those fouls count hit hard
i am so so so on board with this !
i understand fiction is fiction but these issues are so vitally important and writers should n't be spreading horrifying misinformation they could clear up with a quick google .
i mentioned this in a post yesterday but i 'm very sensitive to how issues of sexual health and stds are handled in books .
it 's 2022 can we not move past the shaming language and try to use romance novels to help us all evolve in how we think about these things ?
missed that illegal screen on theis not that refs call many illegal screens despite them happening constantly
imagine if they learned to aim instead of spray would n't need 100 rounds
this is a friendly reminder from the subreddit moderators to please flair your post to help keep the subreddit organized .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ponytown if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i have n't figured out yet if open queue will still be viable .
my games were pretty fun with both teams running one healer and then switching up the tanks/dps
this video confirms 100 that tommy is a virgin .
i 've experienced bullying at school as well and i was a quiet person in school .
you 'd be surprised the reasons people bully and talk shit about people .
they could be jealous of your hair that someone else likes you your backpack the car you get in and out of and the list just goes on and on .
fair enough but imo it does n't really matter if the hit is gon na kill the enemy regardless of all the buffs .
any idea on how i should go about fixing it ?
i hope we 're firing glitter cannons otherwise you and i were not on the same page
no no.. what i was getting at was that the rate for em is very low and it took me almost no time to get an entire loadout based on it .
usually em is not what you 'd want if you were building a dps but ig in my case for sucrose i was lucky .
it 's about labeling someone a bust when an organization is trying to be careful with a young player .
there were hoards of fans calling embiid a bust at the time those people look like clowns now .
but saying to forget about wiseman at this point is just silly .
everyone is gay ... two of us riding nowhere spending some 's hard earned pay .
i do n't like the pattern spotify is weaving for me but i dig the tunes . ''
i 'm running 6 glass and plastic serving cups ...
so lowering yourself to their level is the solution ?
grow the fuck up and act with some class .
this is the most i 've been mad at a game while we 're leading lol
aww did i hit a nerve by calling you out on your lie 🤣🤣🤣
so you 've been getting paid something addt'l for 3 years and never thought to wonder what that was ?
while we like making fun of the shitlibs dressed like kooks we can not underestimate them .
look at how biden labels every trump voter extremists it 's conditioning to one day say they need to eliminate the extremists .
i 'm surprised kim 's convenience has n't come up more .
corner gas too though i have no idea where it 's streaming .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/catswhosmoke/comments/ulmdhq/hello_everyone_meet_croakus 32 32
something you might consider doing is looking at military bands yes they would require you to go to basic training .
yes you 'd have to be proficient in the basics of being an airman soldier sailor or marine .
but 30 days off a year free medical 40 pension after 20 years with a match .
its competitive when a slot is open but it maybe something worth looking into .
something else to consider is how are you going to pay for the masters ?
if you 're going into student loan debt to get a masters in performance have you thought the roi all the way though ?
south tulsa is your best bet housing wise it is however getting expensive and very short supply as it 's very desirable .
i think broken arrow has more options but i personally do n't like how empty a lot of it feels .
typically the rule is to avoid north tulsa until you learn more of how the city is and where the bad pockets are .
i moved here from oklahoma city and it does n't seem to be as annoyingly maga heavy as there but it is still a red state .
the best thing that can happen to manchin is to get attacked by progressives .
if i 'm a betting man i 'm putting money on that the ‘23 class will be even better than the ‘22 class that finished 5th .
whatever is good on gas and can fit your tools if it 's not a company vehicle
so egg quality was the major driver not our low fertilization rates which re said was attributable mainly to my age and genetics .
for the ca-ionophore my re said it would n't have a negative effect it would either help or be neutral .
for our 3rd cycle they suggested doing coculture '' and using omnitrope for egg quality but not sure how effective either were as we did get higher fertilization rate but it was our worst cycle in terms of blastocysts .
is also hard to compare across cycles given different eggs and sperm every time !
feel free to pm me if you have other questions and happy to try and answer them !
the bernie sticker has me like i am once again asking for you to give your balls a tug ''
theoritically there 's no limit to the length of a german word or sentence
glad that yuka will have a second chance at showing her best self at cff
doubt she is pleased with her performance from the previous one
also interesting that tjpw is the only promotion showing 100 of their roster here and are getting semi-main event
sometimes it is amazing other times you really got ta take that morning shit or whatever and you have to choose .
this is silly just because his pure stats are stinger than embiid 's .
that being said i wanted embiid to win really badly .
if i were i voted i 'd begrudgingly give my vote to jokic .
tilda swinton was so weird in that she basically played the same role as the lion witch and wardrobe but with a beachy outfit
i got horny the moment i saw your beautiful eyes
i got this message and was deactivated a week later after they did n't believe when i told them the truth ¯ ツ ¯
if your arms hurt from cooking fries then theres a good chance you have other issues which are being aggravated from the cooking .
it would be like having your feet hurt from walking a mile due to being flat footed .
because walking a mile normally should n't hurt a person 's feet but if you have preexisting conditions then that simple task could cause pain .
because as far as i 'm aware considering i 've cooked in quite a few places around the world there are n't any fry cooking techniques which require strenuous motions that would literally destroy your arm .
and again allowing someone to do something is not the same as forcing them to do it .
could easily be recycled into the perfect carey price caricature too !
there are 100s of cheap drones that are used by ukrainians btw i actually have that question myself about the moskva and that 's one of the reasons why i think tb2s were not there we still do n't know what exactly happened but personally i feel like they sunk moskva with neptunes but i wo n't be surprised if something else is the truth .
oh for sure we 're on it now and she 's catching up great .
i just wanted to raise the point that just getting children reading without the supporting teaching is n't enough on its own regardless of how many books they go through !
i love the dramatic slo-mo at 15 seconds almost looks like a kill cam .
june 25 wedding date and i intended to shed at least 15 pounds and i just ... have n't .
there are a thousand excuses but ultimately i just did n't do it .
i am right between the cusp of straight sized and plus size and at a larger size for me though i have always been curvy .
i got the photos back from my bridal shower and i just hated how i looked on camera and know that if i shed just a tiny bit of weight i 'd be happier ... but i realized i meant happier with the photos not the event .
the event was lovely and i was letting how i felt about the photos take away the joy i felt about how i felt the day of the event .
both my dresses fit my beautifully and make me feel beautiful .
i have a healthy gorgeous body i just hate the a few bad photos can undo me .
about 8 years ago i lost a lot of weight rapidly and it messed with my head .
after about 2-3 years i gained it all back .
i look back on those photos with a mix of shame sadness longing and a bit of uncanny valley cause i do n't look like me in those photos .
for myself i decided that i did n't want to lose a signifcant amount of weight for the wedidng because years from now i did n't want the same experience looking back on my wedding photos .
my body does not naturally stay at that weight so i did n't want to set myself up for disappointment in the future .
my fiance recently saw a photo of me from that time and kind of recoiled and said 'i do n't know her and i would n't have hit on her . '
secondly bodies are n't meant to be captured in 2 dimensions .
bodies are kinetic they have life and movement curves and muscles that are always in constant movement .
2 dimensional representations whether video or photos inherently do a disservice to the life bodies contain when experienced in person .
so i try not to let one bad angle or unflattering picture derail me but it 's hard .
i have also banned my mother from taking any photos at the wedidng cause i do n't know what magic she does but she hands down takes and posts the most abhorent photos of me ever .
ty on its back under ptraps is wrong needs wye .
i suggest changing ty on vent to wye in case someone decides they need another drain later .
fyi the company i used to work for forbid using double wyes after taking up finished commercial floors to replace them due to multiple plugs caused by tp washing across main and plugging lesser used pipe
i 'm so sorry you 're not getting the help you need .
i know my surgeon and endo wanted me to wait two months before looking at my tsh so i did n't get it measured right away .
you also may not need calcium if your pth levels are fine but they should do the bloodwork to check .
sounds like they are not really explaining their care plan to you so that 's unacceptable .
depending on where you 're located and what your health insurance looks like you might be able to see an endo virtually .
i 've never actually been in the same room as my endo my care has been entirely remote .
he sends me bloodwork orders and then the results are faxed to him .
he was able to see me really fast and i think he 's very knowledgeable !
just something to consider if it 's available to you .
so he would actually be paying slightly more than min wage in the states .
still a garbage pay and i have no doubt this person wants them to do a lot of labor intensive work ...
i 've used arrow keys since the days of wolfenstein 3d and still use arrow keys for most fps games .
the world needs more parents that are able to hold their children accountable for their actions in a reasonable way like this mother .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
nah people in this city love championing terrible ideas and appeasement in an effort to look like the good guy '' and then wonder why their quality of life is on a continuous downtrend .
those are just innocent kids thwoing gwass and anyone who has a problem with it is classist and racist
i 've always thought we should avoid it at all costs .
i envy the neutrality of the rest of the island .
this why i ordered 16 shirts from aliexpress for a total of 50 .
ca n't pay all that for a shirt that 's gon na fall apart
the best way to practice making friends is online .
just strike up conversations with people in posts around here who are also lonely or go to other subs that contain your interest or hobby .
u/greenhighlighters please make sure your post does n't break any of our rules .
if it does please delete it before it gets removed .
if this post breaks any rules please report it or contact us via modmail so we can check it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/antimeme if you have any questions or concerns .
as someone who 's dutch yea we kinda tall .
comments for this post as with all posts on this sub are locked .
this is a lifestyle sub for meeting not a sub for showing off .
please message op directly https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=diesel_dick13 instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/arizonaswingers if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not as morally questionable as the system that requires you to get married to be able to have health insurance .
if you came to the one on jupiter and garland id help you out .
or was that only in the leslie nielsen comedy version ?
i just use natures fork aka fingers to pick up and eat small food .
where can i learn more about these mini lemons ?
i will with my wife and children if i am blessed enough to have a family as i believe it is my obligation .
however with my parents i will treat them with respect and honor them but i can not love them .
they failed in their responsibility to raise their children in the faith they hold views contrary to catholic teaching despite being professed catholics and my father especially is just a rude and mean man .
i hope the best for them and treat them with kindness and respect but i do not love them and i never will .
not me but one of my partners feels like that .
doctor wants to put me on a low dose statin however i saw the potential side effects .
my ldl is pretty high so i went and ordered myself an advanced lipid panel to check small dense ldl count before going on it and i 'm waiting on results .
what benefits do they have when it comes to longevity ?
if small dense ldl is within proper range can they still benefit me ?
i like that order i may listen today that way .
your submission was automatically removed because the title does not include an m f t or nb tag .
please delete and resubmit with a tag in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
doctor strange has worked really really hard to change .
ask christine she used to be in his dangerous nights crew .
i thought there was something really wrong with me lol i decided to completely stop and start natural remedies
15 seemed to be in many ways a hard turn away from 13 and i wonder whether going from a female lead to a dude-only party was part of that .
it feels that way even if we 're ultimately talking about a series that took all those entries to do it once without asterisks and give up .
on the other hand the flow of main series single player ff games is slowing so much that i 'm just happy 16 is happening at all .
he 's so bland sounding that i am absolutely begging for the game to be incredible .
the main character of ff14 has many faces but the 5 foot 4 punchy dragon woman i know them as is the best main character square never created .
your auntie abby here just jumping up to agree with all the moms saying how amazing you look .
for your birthday my darling i think you should gift yourself a better friend .
even if it did n't flatter you there are far better ways to say it without insulting you personally .
this friend obviously has a problem and you do n't need to deal with that .
i hope you had an amazing birthday looking stunning in your fantastic dress .
both are great colours on their own huge combo potential colours add together nicely card draw tutors countermagic to protect your wins are all great for a fast combo deck
worst bw colours pull in completely opposite directions black wants to go fast with tutors and rituals and white wants to go slow with hatebears maybe boardwipes and gets it 's value often through combat which is inherently slow .
i was thinking subtle '' in the sense of someone who wants to close that particular door without burning any bridges and for that matter the ror trying to meet both requests simultaneously but i forgot we 're talking about teenagers here .
poison ivy on the bedsheets might be a better plan .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
lol you started watching last year and your arguing with someone who is watching since sachins era .
her insubordination and bullying has nothing to do with needing to prove herself as a woman in the nypd .
she crosses the line with jamie on the job because she is his wife despite her proclamations of neutrality .
she never once went up against any of her other superiors that way
nope thats healing salve cranberry bog its the kill the radicals at the logging camp .
its roughly a 20 chance to get it after talking to the guy at anchor farms after killing the leader .
you can decide to try for radical mask or this recipe .
after trump was in control of that site i discovered that there 's no reliable fact checking or opposing arguments for what 's posted on whitehouse.gov .
i do however hope that it 's true what they write about this .
it 's pretty surprising to learn that not everyone speaks klingon .
i mean ... it 's by far the coolest language in all of star trek ... but anyway here are the answers to the klingon scrambled communications event that star trek fleet command is running for the next four days !
share this out with your alliance and help them get that fancy sarc frame too !
all six answers to get you a fancy frame in star trek fleet command
rev has the sniffles who does n't love allergy season ?
do n't forget to check out our review of strange new worlds !
if you have any game mechanic questions feel free to drop those questions in the comments !
goat when do you drop this vest from trapstar the one thats written trapstar in red behind
i got diagnosed with stage 4 stomach cancer on june 1st .
it was devastating but it came with some gifts .
one of them was that it kicked my love for my son and wife into overdrive .
i keep thinking to myself i would n't change anything because i have them . ''
i try not to lie to myself about my diagnosis and i 'm so grateful that i got to experience love like this i do n't know if it would 've happened otherwise .
i also seemed to let a lot of anger go .
i 'm really starting to love the person i 'm turning into which is n't something i could say before .
this disease may kill me but the love in my family for my family makes me feel like i made the most out of this horrible diagnosis .
stay strong man we 're experiencing life in extremes because of what we 're going through but it does n't all have to be bad .
you 're going to stop and look at the sunrise and really see it while everybody else passes it by .
how you loved and who loved you it 's all that matters in the end .
if i open up an old radio that 's switched off and cover the breaker circuit with my tongue is the radio now converting bioelectrical feedback from my tongue into music '' ?
a basic sounds like square oscillator generating the tone .
you could connect those electrodes to a piece of sausage and it would do the exact same thing because none of it is coming from the fungus or the sausage .
or did you think mushrooms were magically tuned exactly to g d e and c ?
i will continue to enjoy my ear damage thanks !
seeing how it 's my car i 'll blast whatever i please .
the supreme court is nothing more than a political tool anyway .
abortion laws should be decided by the opinions of a few far right individuals ?
duh avatar is a significantly stronger and more popular/influential brand then spider-man .
there 's only room to grow in the sequel .
premarket is sus right now .. if it were bloody red then cpi data would be good but it 's the exact opposite 💀
i appreciate the influx of players that being said i do n't really 'notice ' free fly weekends outside of the announcement and that chat is more lively .
so someone that did n't break the law did n't go to jail ?
my cash pup loves to rest in the warm sunshine .
you experienced the olfactory version of henry chapin 's song cats in the kettle .
from what i 've seen on the reddit it seemed to be the most solid batch how 's it looking tho ?
i use nodejs as backedend and vue for frontend .
and i say your gay at a game and got banned for 7 daysnat roblox ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwhardfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
so far austere paradise seems to be doing pretty good but it lacks earplugs
i mean if you think about it as girlfriend stereotypes she 's the crazy chick. posh is the sugar baby type baby is jailbait sporty is the girl next door and ginger is the one you date but do n't marry .
yup newcastle finishing 13th is a huge loss for football
i 'd like to read some of his work translated in english .
tried to make a friend ... doubt anyone will know that one
medyo bago lang ako sa reddit may i know what 's the recommended way to share contact details ?
he was one of the main candidates to play iron man in 2008 .
well its a parody from an anime named do you love your mom and her 2 hit multi-kill ? ''
lol with the way soa expanded verse handles injuries they 're basically low-level super humans i ca n't blame you for asking .
however i 'm pretty sure his actor is done with the show and it looked pretty final .
check out r/sex they 'll surely give you advice tips and perspective on this aspect
this is why we need the 4th slot to also be cosmetic
he certainly become worse over time but i would not say he was ever worth listening to .
helping somali central government be stronger in its own country is anything but colonialism .
saying it is colonialism takes every part of agency from the locals .
you support one claimant to the government over the others and then when he wins he owes you and you control them .
i think people confuse the settler colonialism where you kick the natives out to take their land with the more traditional colonialism where you build a port a mine a road from the port to the mine and a palace for the local warlord who helps you manage it .
and these days you also have to spend more on bread and circuses because its very cheap for a mass movement to kick you out .
not like you can get away with mowing them down with a helicopter violence is very illegitimizing .
that said erdogan 's pan-islamic rhetoric helps them with legitimacy in somalia and could help them smuggle themselves into libya yemen etc when the fighting there stops .
a handful of your hair with your ass in the air ...
you have realised your entire platform is a joke .
you do n't even know the basics of the things you are arguing about .
now you are too embarrassed to admit it so you lie and say that i ca n't read and it is in the material when it is n't .
nice but the tobii eye indicator rather prevents it being cinematic .
i 'd buy a local non league football team and see how far up the pyramid i could get them
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm picturing myself as a five year old being told that i 'm the only person who can save me .
mystery to iunakare al http anilist.co/manga/108551 a-p https www.anime-planet.com/manga/mystery-to-iu-nakare kit https kitsu.io/manga/mystery-to-iu-nakare mu https www.mangaupdates.com/series.html ? id=145817 mal http myanimelist.net/manga/111229
non sauf si tu as accès aux logs du serveur vers lequel ce lien redirige et si tu connais des éléments permettant d'identifier la personne .
i dropped my tenant 's rent because he 's a great guy .
i 'm not a huge fan of capitalism so there 's that reason too
you are most definitely an autumn i would say either true autumn or deep .
has it been proven at any time eating tainted meat causes the person to change into a walker ?
i 'm just confused as to why they are n't banned .
this is a warning comment for you to see 👉 gnome913 https www.reddit.com/user/gnome913 's account has interacted in sexual subreddits in the past .
most accounts like this bring unwanted interactions rule 2 violation for this ✨clean✨ pg-13 chat subreddit we recommend ignoring their advances .
their comment is now removed and they have been banned from the r/chat community .
this is an automatic feature meant for you to quickly screen accounts .
you can read more about it in our wiki here https www.reddit.com/r/chat/wiki/index wiki_.2022_nonsfw-activitybot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/chat if you have any questions or concerns .
reminder this post contains a preprint that has not been peer-reviewed .
readers should be aware that preprints have not been finalized by authors may contain errors and report info that has not yet been accepted or endorsed in any way by the scientific or medical community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/covid19 if you have any questions or concerns .
hi i have just started temping this month after i had a partial molar pregnancy which ended at 13 weeks in december last year .
i was cleared to ttc at the end of march so we decided to start this month .
i have a 19 month old daughter who was a unicorn pregnancy start to finish no tracking or anything to get pregnant with her but when we started ttc for 2 using opks i realised i ovulate quite late in my cycle .
now i 've started temping i 'm seeing that my temperatures are quite erratic but that also could be that my sleep is interrupted at the moment by my toddler having the 18 month sleep regression/teething/having a cold all at once !
just wondering if anyone else is in a similar situation and if their temps were accurate enough to pinpoint ovulation ? !
i 'll be using opks anyway but i 'm honestly just curious because af is sometimes a day or so early or late and my lp is only 10 days long so i know i ovulate on a different day every month !
seems out of place i 'm not seeing any lips that are gripping
ventoy installer would create all the partitions on the usb for you the only difference is instead of using windows install media usb creation tool you just download windows iso file and copy it to ventoy usb .
but from what i heard accenture only hires you on a contract basis first before converting you to full time .
we did have regular face shields but i found this gem in our storage closet and it was love at first sight .
do you want me to message you my friend code ?
yeah i was definitely under the impression before reading it would be a fight about food not literal op 's behaviour here is appalling .
and it 's not an excuse or really an explanation at this point that he has asperger 's .
it sounds more like he 's been enabled to throw food when upset as a bad coping mechanism for anger and now does it whenever he 's mad but that 's completely unacceptable and imo physical escalation of an argument like that is abusive .
i was sympathetic up until that point because i do think his intention is good .
my partner is autistic and will ask me questions that throw me off my story and sometimes it 's frustrating because it feels like i 'm being corrected or fact-checked when i 'm not even at the main part yet ...
but that 's not a reason to get mad i try to remember he 's not saying it in a negative way he just wants to contribute to the conversation and is curious about something unexpected in my story .
and it 's totally fair to have a calm conversation after a heated moment and explain all of what he said here to her or send her a long text if it 's hard whatever works to try to improve communication .
but like ... you ca n't threaten to throw things and then smash things when someone upsets you .
you 're escalating a situation to a physical one as a threat to intimidate someone to back off .
how does she know you 'll stop at breaking objects ?
do you even know how to control your anger and cool off to prevent physically hurting her ?
if not then that 's something to work on asap .
if you need a cooling off period establish that when you argue you need a half hour break to take a walk or sit in another room and listen to music .
if you want to break something then get a stress ball or putty or something you can smash up that does n't cause damage to your surroundings or make a huge mess or noise .
be an adult and state that you are feeling angry and like the conversation is going nowhere and then do something responsible about it .
for people with anger issues autistic people people relationship issues you name it .
lmao you must have never seen an american hospital bill .
no es sólo eso el juego se ve súper mediocre y poco oroginal y no está hecho por rocksteady los que hicieron la saga arkham .
yo le daría más bola a suicide squad kill the justice league .
how is the name of elon 's kid a relevant answer to this thread ?
he can only get out if his financing falls through so the dumbass needs to stop asking others to invest with him .
i 've seen people jump from the cliff over the edge into the water below the dam .
since when was healthcare or social responsibility in general a subject of the american dream anyway ?
is n't it more like come here be lucky enough to strike gold figuratively or literally and you can be among those who sneer at poor people as well !
i did the increase from 1960 to 2020 which i found to be like 230 or something and divided it by 60 amount of years so i got like 4
‘nestle flies bottled water to humans dying of thirst after stealing water sources from said humans '
if sex did n't feel good would the human population be this big ?
did you not see the section where it said that abortions in the third trimester ca n't be performed ?
if the decision is being left to the doctor and patient do n't you think that would be taken into consideration ?
while they focus on european brands they do service all cars .
i know kevin smith says that dogma is unavailable because the weinsteins personally own the rights .
i 'm not saying that 's the case for sling blade just that miramax films may have odd rights situations sometimes .
and i thought that villinator finally gon na be international .
guess i still need to pay 60 dollars for american shipping .
please present your alternatives ... and will gladly shred them before your eyes ...
the two most attended and celebrated franchises in mls play on turf ... and the supporter shield winner from last year does as well ... so certainly some talented players are willing to play on it .
and worth to mention that it is likely destroyed by a missle that cost 20k dollars .
all ofbmy bosses are the same sex as me and non of them can promote me so i 'm not falling for that !
this is n't twitter ratio '' does n't apply and i 'm not referring to downvotes .
do you not know what removed is referring to ?
have you never actually experienced censorship and banning on this site ?
you are trying to excuse your inability to control your anger and saying you are going to start bringing a weapon into the conflicts you are choosing to start .
i 'm giving you a reality check that could save your life .
yesterday slice off my nose and my ears scalp me cut off my hands and feet bash my teeth out set me on fire .
he got his revenge that 's the end of the story for me
so you put your hands right down next to your shitty mess while wiping ?
gameplay is repetitive and the story is really uninspired which is a shame because it grabs stuff from dbo which has a bunch of really fun stuff but it just does n't do anything with it .
best part is being able to make your oc but even that is n't as good as it could be with all the races that are n't saiyans being pretty much abandoned .
combat is simplistic and the idea of difficulty in the game is to just slap more hp and super-armor to the enemies making them really tedious to fight .
but that 's only a problem when you get to endgame because everything else is piss easy .
it 's my guilty pleasure game i reinstall it every now and again grind some missions get some levels and new skills get bored and uninstall again .
you can watch some yt or twitch in the background while fighting shit just to relax .
it can be fun to build your oc and beat the shit out of iconic db characters but that gets stale after awhile .
i was abuse when i was 9 years old alwas think that was the cause .
now in therapy and a lot of thinking and research and going through university psychology i understand that the relationship with my parents had a bigger impact
sorry for any mis mistake english is not my first language
someone who knows the full story needs to do a writeup for r/hobbydrama
one fuck censored with an asterisk while the next is censored with a hashtag/pound sign
just look at the effect umran is having on the batsmen .
come on he does n't need to drop his pace .
let him try to learn control but definitely not at the cost of his pace .
im just saying that money came from the public in one way or the other
posting this videos for weeks hell months even and she still looks the same .
one does not reverse what took years to happen in 52 days .
her current weight and fitness level is not healthy .
could this maybe be why she 's working at it ?
she mentioned in a comment she 's been losing weight .
and do some real training if she wants really make progress .
any amount of activity will be beneficial for her .
if this is how she wants to exercise good for her .
she 's working on posing losing weight and getting healthier .
you 're using the fact she needs to do those things to justify being a prick .
seems like either a game reference or a pun .
i was on my knees not because i was simply reading the texts but because began to fall under the belief that the god of the old testament was yaldaboath of gnosticism and evil .
i think these texts as well as every other text are essential in learning and forming arguments against heresies and wrongful thinking but i did not have a strong foundation to work from so i began to slip .
a foundation of sand instead of stone if you will .
if you take a spot someone dug out after snowfall in the midwest your vehicle is ritually burned as a sacrifice to the snow gods .
i 'm about your weight and my arms look good but still feel fat .
if he has been playing from 2005 i think the experience outweighs the new mouse .
if the weight rlly is a problem just get stronger arm lmao
miks sa endiselt seda sama teemat edasi üritad ajada ?
jah teised on samuti temast rääkinud aga ei ole mind selle juures rünnanud palun loe oma eelmist kommentaari ja mõtle natuke oma sõnastuse juurde .
100 eestlane mis ajast on ebaseaduslik kasutada inglisekeelseid väljendeid ?
jään oma arvamuse juurde seega palun do me and yourself a favor ja paneme siin punkti sellele .
great knife i 'll assassin my way through the game .
that 's basically what i did on my first playthrough anyway
i 'll look into that book because it would be wonderful to find a good way to communicate these issues !
we 're not talking about you 're also a finance guy .
you 'll probably also hate these new regulations we 're talking about the person i was speaking to the other day who started a sentence with now i have nothing against colored people but they 're always the ones to . it 's very very very often about race and acting like it 's a political difference does a disservice to those on the shit end of the statements .
you the guy who just wrote a whole ass paragraph on why he hates a certain genre he can simply ignore asks us why we are angry ?
what music do you listen to then if you think this is shit this video in particular is actually quite bad tho yea .
thomasjmarlowe is right i had that precise experience myself and gave games up altogether for a while .
started a business got married.. all kinds of things .
recently life leveled out a bit and now i 've got my hands on all kinds of games that magic is back .
makes me wan na wake up extra early just to put an hour or two into a game just like when i was a kid .
you may be just stepping into a different phase of life and that 's cool .
life tends to do this spiraling motion thing where you 'll find yourself revisiting all your previous-phase selves over the years anyway picking up what you left behind but now realize you want around refining your present self getting everything closer to the way you want it to be .
people pay big bucks for lightweight optics that are ounces lighter than much less expensive high quality options .
on back country hikes ... i mean hunts ounces matter .
would be a great idea but unfortunately you ca n't write is or any other verbs .
you used the item 'fire arms ' and did 3 extra light damage .
just because she 's your biological mother does n't mean anything .
if she 's not good for you cut her off when you 're able to .
from what i understand penn gets so many high quality/volume applicants they take their time responding .
i 've heard from multiple sources who have both been accepted and rejected from positions it takes a while to hear anything .
i ca n't even draw a line with my nondominant hand and you literally drew an entire reddit avatar of 6 people .
nah dude joe namath has a career losing record and lucked his way through a super bowl .
bukayo saka is such a difficult player to rate he 's good do n't get me wrong but there 's a big movement on him deserving to start for england because he apparently played well at the euros .
let 's revisit it shall we game against the czechs was pretty good beat his man regularly and tracked back
the following round was germany he did n't play well whatsoever his replacement grealish came on and made an instant impact via an assist
not selected for the ukraine game with mount coming back but he was n't needed as england won 4-0
now we get onto the denmark and the final where he had a disasterclass i genuinely ca n't remember him doing anything bar that clearance in one of the games and his highlight really was chiellini pulling him back https i.imgur.com/1xybr6y.jpg .
i know how much everyone loves stats here and saka created an xa of 0.04 in the knockout stages to put in perspective philips a dm accumulated 0.10
add to the fact i 've seen numerous users on here do n't really use twitter either call him a generational talent or being better than foden .
he 's also not impressed in any big games i 've watched this season suppose we 'll see if he can do the business in europe
it only works when you 're buying the kind of art that you can donate to a museum .
this video https youtu.be/zz3f3zwiemc explains it better than i could .
did you actually feed your ballot into the scanner or were you given a provisional ballot ?
hell yeah happy it worked out for you my man !
pasgt or lwh mtv/spc/interceptor etc looked so much cooler than whatever the fuck high speed kit he 's wearing
could you do the same for this comment jherest12 ?
this looks like a relatively simple modeling and printing task that i may be able to do .
your post has been automatically removed and put in a queue for human review .
this is a safety measure to prevent spammers from running rampant .
your post will not be approved if it is readily answered by our wiki or in clear violation of our rules .
before contacting the moderators to request approval please check over the r/fitness wiki https thefitness.wiki to see if your question can be answered by our existing resources .
click here to search past threads on r/fitness https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on
in addition please make sure to read over the rules http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules and make sure your question is not breaking any of them .
if you have done all of this and still did n't find an answer to your question you may contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness amp subject=please+reapprove amp message=/r/fitness/comments/uvcgm1/resources_for_programs_that_strengthen_bone for review of your post .
keep in mind however that if your thread breaks the posting rules it will not be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think michels will be seen as more reasonable than kleefisch however i do see michels still winning the primary and with duffy not running i 'm almost certain that trump will throw his endorsement to michels the man who 's campaigning on being an outsider self-made business man who says he want to make wisconsin great .
oh and to note for your maine prediction tom saviello actually declined to run .
upvoted you for karma if you could upvote me in return .
omg i totally forgot about circumcision lol ... my husband and i are n't choosing to do that but i totally forgot lol .
i do n't know what exactly to call that style of music used in the intro but that 's sort of 40s throwback feel was really big in the 90s .
kind of reminded me of the theme song of the animated tick series .
what do you like on your pizza and what are we doing while we chow down ?
mine was exactly the same i had so many people get on at me about it and it was so exhausting !
i always offered whatever we were eating but my son would n't even deem it worthy to pick up haha !
luckily he 's now 5 and slowly starting to realise food can be a lot yummier if he tries new things .
his face when he tried dips for the first time was incredible he was so excited and asked why he had n't had them before he had he just refused to try them
your post has been removed due to your account not meeting the required karma or account limit necessary to post here .
in an effort to stop spammers we restrict new or low karma accounts from posting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/godasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
taking off without telling nobody and starting over in a new place i never been to or heard of yes .
well the first film was excellent and i 'm a big fan of mel gibson he is a very talented artist .
the bible tells us very little about what jesus did during the time when he was dead simply that he was in the heart of the earth . ''
eventually the doctrine progressed into the harrowing of hell https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harrowing_of_hell the idea that jesus descended into hell or hades and opened the gates of heaven to the righteous .
there is a relatively early document the acts of pilate https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pilate_cycle acts_of_pilate that describes what early christians believe may have happened .
we the resurrected dead then were in hades with all who had fallen asleep since the beginning of the world .
and at the hour of midnight there rose a light as if of the sun and shone into these dark regions and we were all lighted up and saw each other .
and straightway our father abraham was united with the patriarchs and the prophets and at the same time they were filled with joy and said to each other this light is from a great source of light .
this is of course non-canonical but it is a significant part of the tradition of the church .
in medieval times many more elaborate and dramatic accounts of the harrowing of hell were developed like this which is found in the 9th century book of cerne .
then the lord showing mercy adam was loosed out of the bonds
and let all that is within me bless his holy name .
so gibson has a lot of material to work with !
of th inward eye viridi 's veil the gull devouring diadem .
you can also check few popular build and check what helmet they usually use for example rf is using rare elder helmet skele mages shaper+elder ilvl 86 bone helmet etc .
explosive arrow players quite often use ilvl 83 blizzard crown but some generic ones with high life/res/spell suppresion are also fine .
you know naglesbro will play 3 at the back .
no it 's dropping next winter so around december 2022-february 2023 i 'm guessing
nta some people cry more easily and that can not be helped .
everyone does some degree of manipulating to try and get their way .
him getting pissed and storming off is n't an appropriate reaction to your emotions .
explain whatever it is makes you sad and emotional and you ca n't help the tears .
you should also try to be calm or not discuss things until you are calm but easier said than done .
i 'm not sure what conflicts your having but if things are bad and upsetting you so much might be time to reconsider the relationship
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/bolehland/comments/tdks30/tch你的阴茎很臭
if you were married then yes i would say you two have to have a serious talk about finances .
you can not financially support another grown adult your whole life .
that being said you are helping him through college so he can be financially stable on his own .
who the heck is supposed to take care of him if not you ? !
even if you were married i would expect you to be around helping him !
get rid of her now before it gets worse !
i would love to suck on your tits and then finger your wet juice pussy
took them a while to find who won though cos they had it upside down
technicals state that we 're about ready for a short term up tick
botas would have gotten a great place if his team did n't risk it all by doing a 2 stop race .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hdhdhhdjjr .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's cool to have a risk free experimental trial run of this concept that has long fascinated me .
i 'd rather sign lavine and then trade him for role players
i 'd really be interested in seeing your dropbar singlespeed .
your brake levers not being even is all i can focus on now tho lol
no sirens in northern michigan tornadoes are very rare historically .
people were running errands gaylord is the biggest city in the area that strip is always busy .
fuck all the plant pots let 's win and finish 15th instead
let 's hope the bear does n't like anything sweet because you would be in trouble !
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
having chars on separate accounts is better than having them all on one
i 'm commenting in the hope you have to do your legs
max was faster than check and would 've gotten him but it 's certainly not nice what red bull did
ca n't wait for the dts episode about checo giving up the place
there was a comment on one blog that bc they 've been so far off they were n't sure to keep doing it but did just for fun .
maybe that 's why some other bloggers are n't ?
i basically just painted the entire mini grey/white then used the sponge chipping technique with rhinox black all over the areas i wanted the damage to show .
you have to dab the same area a few times to get the larger chips .
looked a bit naff the first time but it 's easy to grasp after a few try 's .
i 'll start you got ta go big like an israeli nose '' ray william johnson
it 's not mid-lease we signed the lease in july 2021
you ca n't just take anything and call it fair .
fairness is hashed out over the course the divorce process .
you can argue that you are entitled to 50 of your overall equity and then you can hold '' and use the cash from the return as a part of that in the short term .
it may mean that later if you split other liquid assets you get a smaller chunk to compensate .
the return generated from 2022 will likely be all yours because you will file separately and declare a dependent that he ca n't due to the parent sharing .
in my now 10 years as a tenant i 've averaged contact with my landlords maybe twice a year .
they put in additional time preparing the lease and finding tenants and they occasionally get roped into major repairs or horrible tenants .
i would expect that a typically landlord 's weekly time commitment is under 1 hour on average .
most say their commitment for a single rental is 1-2 hours/month almost all concentrated at the finding a tenant stage .
i remember h. ross perot tried it but that was then and this is now .
agree though we do have some specific areas where pedestrians are prohibited such as designated motorways .
i ca n't see that it would make sense to have a blanket restriction on where you can cross the average road though .
it 's crazy you need to copy smash for your game to be successful these days
i did n't think the spell casters could still cast spells !
so barricade persistent rage and bring a defender as your off hand w mobile .
i do n't know how i left it out of the main text but i also just got another work colleague to switch .
gave them a cheap pen off wish i 've had for a while he lost it unfortunately but was already hooked .
so he just ordered his first pen and ink monte verde ritma with pilot black .
wish i still had one to show you i ate all mine at legoland last week .
🤣 wonder if mine was from an older batch ?
but again you are looking at the entire mongol empire and not the mongol empire under genghis which is what we are discussing .
under him it is still vast but he had n't conquered china he had n't touched europe those are achievements of those after him .
you have to draw the line of what you are ascribing to genghis and what you ascribe to his successors .
otherwise are their failures his as well as their successes ?
so yes i 'd say they are redundant as we are discussing his leadership not theirs .
i know how they chose their next khan but he appointed his heir and needed the vote to secure it .
but you ca n't keep bringing up what the decendants did without also then including how the decendants splintered the empire and led to its demise ... otherwise you are seemingly only taking the good from after his death and never the bad .
and genghis was n't elected he defeated his enemies to take power .
an election after all other challengers are dead is n't exactly an election .
napoleon 's death and defeat in russia is clearly a failure but that does n't detract from the success during his career .
his first campaign after seizing power led to the collapse of the holy roman empire an empire that had existed for 1000 years at that time he defeated russia he defeated spain again all enormous empires with massive spheres of influence .
they had to form 4 seperate continental alliances to stop him .
all i circle back to and what my original point was is that napoleon 's adversaries were much stronger and developed than genghis khan 's .
that is more or less indisputable and he did this during his reign .
genghis took down strong enemies but these were not enemies of the same scale and it was his decendants that secured what we know as the mongol empire .
of course there are no studies to show that that is n't how historical analysis works .
but with a growing economic and political conformation in early modern europe those factors have a great impact .
look at russia today being slowly defeated with almost entirely economic sanctions .
the worlds they lived in were completely different and the influences on eachothers success meant they had different challenges .
napoleon realised this and introduced embargos on britain to keep them at arms length you believe genghis had to worry about putting sanctions in place or rather just decide let 's burn this city to the ground to secure control ?
i believe one is a lot easier than the other in my view genghis was playing chess napoleon was playing 3d chess .
we are n't going to see the others views and i do n't really want to keep going on with this .
but this has been very interesting as i have learnt a lot more from debating this with you .
1pm edt happens when this comment is 7 hours old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
nikita said at some point last year they will test different kinds of events '' so if you ask me our definition of events is not the same one as bsg 's .
this is posted in r/unexpected but if they think all that happened to them is unexpected then they should n't be on a boat
ravens design in teen titans and teen titans go are the same it 's just the art style that 's different so this does n't really matter
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
i wear 11.5 in nike and 11 in converse .
i ca n't think of all of them but i definitely know some do and some do n't .
alternative art deck deals might not as they have the fancy warlord and card back instead .
while the added legendary is nice charisma is a decent tactic those legendaries come up in shop on a rotation in a predictable order card-wise not faction-wise .
legendary warlord decks are considered better value as those warlords do not have a set schedule when they appear in shop apart from a few of the warlords that are associated with holidays like alpharius showing up on april fool 's day
mosquitoes are responsible for so many transmissible diseases in africa that eating them does n't seem like a great idea .
also they 'd be biting your face off while you collect them you 'd need to earn your lunch with blood .
makes a lot more sense if it 's just another insect instead .
i live in a village of less than 3,500 people and we all tend to know or know of each other and i have n't seen him around before i 've spoken to a few of my mates and described him and no one has any idea .
i live on a road where you 'd have to be going down here for a purpose to be down here and we tend to know each other 's cars the village is pretty tight knit .
he 's also got a distinctive red and white sticker in his rear window .
just try to get hard and you 'll be happy 🙂
whoa thats pretty cool i didnt know they did ape races on what it seems a motocross track .
i think she can get it back within the next 1-2 sasnovich service games but these bad service games do n't help with exhaustion .
shouldnt they want more nuclear plants so they can stop relying on energi from russia ?
and wouldnt it also be good for the environment to use nuclear power instead of coal and gass ?
i was in no danger throughout but i was very sloppy at the start first fight of the day xd i must 've killed like 15-20 abominations by now
completely right with the holster thing but as i play with gamepad it gets kinda annoying going through each item to holster there is no quick button i 'm afraid not sure if you watched till the end but the abomination ended dying to my parries and so did the wraiths .
i do n't mind parry being op because it rewards you for having good reflexes/timing i 'll use it through my 1st playthrough .
about the sword it was just a logistics thing i decided to go mace/axe/bow at first because axe was the only bronze weapon i was willing to improve to max level cause i build a lot i did n't even craft a sword yet p so my skill with swords is zero 40 with axes .
i 'm still on the fence about my weapon choices after i fight bonemass but the mace will be nice for that .
the axe doubles down as a tool but is quite slow and the reach is also bad compared to real weapons '' which is a bit of a shame as vikings irl used one handed axes a lot but i understand is a balance thing probably .
i used a website called vintage airsoft '' it 's uk based and the parts are for the agm sten however they should be comparable seeing as it 's the same locking system
you do not have enough karma to post here .
please read the following link for information on gaining karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtykikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
i was just charged almost 2,000 for a ct scan.. after insurance .
however i had n't reached my deductible 2600 yet so they only covered about 400 .
had i already met my deductible they would have covered half .
pfs is a beuro sterioal issue ... it doesnt show up on bloodwork that 's why this has been hard to fix .
i have been on a protocol for a few days and already have seen massssive improvments of my pfs .
if anyone wants the knowledge message me as i 'm not sure i can give it here .
i can explain to you whats exactly going on in our bodies and how to reverse and fingers crossed in time recover our systems but it will take a couple months at least but you may most likely see massive improvments right away .
70'lere kadar solcular savunuyordu bu argümanı ne zaman siyasal islam savunmaya başladı bıraktılar 😂 sözde ermeni soykırımını tanıyan ve toprakları para karşılığı satıp sonra sahibi çık deyince ağlayanlar için boşa zaman harcıyor hepsi
try getting a sticky note and slide the sticky part there to pick it up .
if this was a man from any western yall would have believed it without questioning it .
the question with aliens is not if they exist more like when we find them
damn i would take an xbox x pc x switch since im a switch player but sony really wants their money
we will become the best sitters the world has ever seen .
i think the fragrance is fresh a bit sweet but not overly so
i really like it but after the first half hour i could barely smell it
i like the scent so much that i sprayed 2 more times
so lovely but same no staying power results as earlier
almost each and every one of a few thousand characters in chinese is its own operator but can become different ones through combining with other operators .
im on ps4 so leagues are more scarce but you mentioned lfm ... .they have races every hour so it doesnt get any better than that right ?
but it 's also nothing i 'm surprised at .
96 of drivers i see on the road drive like they 're in a rush to get nowhere and like gas is cheap .
the other 3 are completely unaware of their surroundings and are wasting their time .
the last 1 actually care about getting the most out of their drive .
why are you giving equal weight to each and every one of these interactions ?
our country is a fucking failed state like those countries .
you think i 'm a republican trying to defend this shit ?
i 'm just explaining to you the way things are .
our law enforcement literally is so intertwined in organized crime that the doj routinely releases reports on it .
literally this week our local police louisville metro—breonna taylor 's killers had an expose written about them in a national publication with the headline biggest gang in america and it is n't fucking incorrect .
cops are the organized crime runners in this country and every syndicate has infiltrated both local and federal departments .
breonna taylor was killed because those cops were there to rob her boyfriend .
and cancel avengers 5 and melt all the snow on christmas do n't forget about that .
well for titans in void 3.0 this was literally the case they got top middle and bottom tree rolled into 2 aspects with an entirely new aspect i 'm not sure if it was the case for warlocks but it definitely was n't for hunters .
i was n't expecting another void 3.0 but the worst i expected was that we 'd have all the old abilities divided into 3 aspects .
i was kind of disappointed to see what they did to solar warlocks .
titans are still strong in my opinion but their role has changes i think defensively they might be the strongest subclass but they lost a lot of offensive power .
it 'd have to be connections and a willingness to be a company bitch
which is appropriate seeing as it 's over a year since her release and assuming gi has gone through qa and any new gls are released this year she 'll drop in viability and thus monetary value
is how to go out in a horror movie .
come and have a go if you think you 're hard enough '' .
werewolves now scare their kids with tales of spoon ... .
if you have n't already please take a minute to read our rules https reddit.com/r/adhd/about/rules we will remove your post if it breaks one and also check out our list of official megathreads here https www.reddit.com/r/adhd/comments/nu534w/official_list_of_radhd_megathreads_please_check .
if your post fits into one of them it is likely to be removed if you think this might happen you can delete your post here and resubmit it there instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adhd if you have any questions or concerns .
we can try to control the guns or we can try to control the people .
we already know which one will be more effective .
yeah i used to do this and could n't get dates .
maybe figuring myself out and figuring out what i want is way better for forming relationships ?
i just followed op 's way and took that chest .
now i 'll need an efficient way to move around to find those remaining red gems for the tree ...
sounds like it was gang related rather than an attack on the public .
multiple parties shooting at each other while there were large amounts of juveniles in the area .
i 've always said who the hell needs intact structural elements anyways ! ! ! ? ? ''
islam believes that allah has no family physical or as divine .
and allah has created many miracles from the start of creation and he sent many prophets to guide the people of the world and to help them wash away their sins so god coming down himself to sacrifice himself to wash away his creations guilt seems very ridicules .
does your god send prophets to guide you to obey and worship him and him alone and by obeying him and asking him for forgiveness you wash away your sins or your god is n't your creator and needs more worshiper and is coming down himself to get more followers after all the our omnipresent and omniscient and omnipotent lord does n't get hurt if his creations do n't follow him its us who get hurt we are the ones who will e going hell if we do n't believe not allah .
finally let me be clear despite what it may seem i am not ridiculing anyone 's belief i am just applying logic to religion because despite what some people like to say these days the abrahamic faiths does have logic you just need to have belief with it .
dude kidd was extremely athletic arguably the most athletic point guard in the league during the early 2000s other than baron davis and a couple high flyers .
but either way speed and strength was a huge part of kidds game .
he would out muscle bigger guys for boards and when he got a rebound and pushed the ball in transition he was impossible to slow down .
nash would be the better example of 90 skill and 10 athleticism .
wow almost like they were n't there to see a crappy pop song ... .
i once had such a task where i know i will need countless attempts to finish .
one part of me is wanting to achieve it and other part is knowing that once i do i 'll find something else to do .
posts like this feel like they 're flexing on those guys from sri lanka and india who posted small amounts of ugly weed for a high price .
like yeah homie it was worth it what do you think we 're gon na say on the weed sub ?
1 is it brain cancer thats causing him to be fiscally suicidal with this war
2 is it inoperable so hes just going all out on the war
3 and was the cancer cause by maybe being poisoned over a long period of time .
a long con of a enemy adding a little uranium to his caviar
kubo 's foreshadowing is next level he has foreshadowed things like 500 chapters ago .
and yeah one piece designs ca n't compete with bleach .
not saying one piece designs are bad or anything but very few mangaka can draw characters like kubo .
i hope you 're having an amazing day and keep safe always !
sounds like a shitty place at all to have rotating shifts like that .
try to organise groups of people who would want to do one shift permanently if enough people want to do each shift then youre golden
i 'm obsessive with the bfp threads especially early ovulators .
i do n't think it 's an emergency if it only happened once .
especially with six sick sheep sold by six sick sheiks on the strand .
on pc there is always at least one leech or blightstormer in the background .
they are usually not even attacking just hear his voice for the whole map .
what am i supposed to cook when listening to the dead ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically github https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot new issue https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot/issues/new donate https www.reddit.com/r/audd/comments/nua48w/please_consider_donating_and_making_the_bot_happy please consider supporting me on patreon .
i have various travel expenses coming up hotels flights car rentals city pass kind of tickets etc .
polish reputation is skyrocketing as of now truly one of the leading nations against russian expansion in the eu .
with the challenges you 've described resilient con seems like the way to go .
you 're already well ahead of the curve in terms of intelligence seems worth it to ensure that you do n't die and can maintain your spells .
larsen in sydney was highly recommended to me by a couple of people .
surprise assholes the evidence is overwhelming and eventually you will all be held accountable .
to post on r/detroitpistons your account must be at least 10 days old and have a minimum amount of comment karma .
this is to prevent banned users and troll accounts from ruining the sub we hope you understand !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/detroitpistons if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i 'll probably scream like a banshee and alight
mamamoo was fantastic on snl korea a few years back
no sit on your hands in silence for twenty minutes and think of what you are doing to yourself
yeah me too ... we have a long way to go sadly !
azula the type of girl to not only claim you raped her but also have her dad and siblings beat the shit out of you just enough for it to not be a crime and still take your ass to court to ruin your life completelty .
i 'm surprised if i 'm honest always associated bosch with quality but sounds like they 're trying to cut a corner there i was even looking at their cheaper end corded mowers but it sounds like that 's exactly what you got !
but if you think hitler rose to power on his own you 're kidding yourself .
peter kay and jason manford are in this category too particularly if you 're northern .
there 's no actual substance to their jokes but it 's perfectly palatable and their delivery is very good they just come across as relatable .
how to get laid on tinder how i banged 16 new girls in 5 weeks https www.reddit.com/r/pornhdvideos/comments/s7lyt4/how_to_get_laid_on_tinder_how_i_banged_16_new
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pornhdvideos if you have any questions or concerns .
think on the bright side that right there is about 40 grams of protein
if out of 47 million people you have only met dipshits and you think hooligans represent the entire country that sounds like you 're the problem really .
should have sang 'mo salah ' instead of 'havannah ' or whatever .
could have also fit a real madrid name into the last song maybe luka modric ?
he looks so cute to make up for all the mischievous things he does 😈
your post has been removed because your account does not currently meet our minimum comment karma requirements .
this number is not public in order to avoid karma farming .
please engage in more organic discussion on reddit before posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/discordapp if you have any questions or concerns .
no i am not registering for your stupid website just to read more words .
rw 2022 riferito a 2021 devi mettere le crypto al 1/1 e 31/12 .
solo se non ne detenevi in questa date allora metti il primo acquisto .
però il tutto si riferisce alle crypto da te possedute non a quelle specificatamente su un exchange .
rt e tassa plusvalenze non paghi nulla e non dichiari nulla perché sei sotto soglia .
non importa l'atto del prelievo in euro se mai andrai sopra soglia e dovrai dichiarare importano gli atti di vendita .
devo dire che sul mio canale youtube mi scrivono in tanti ma finora non ho trovato nessuno che li abbia dichiarati ...
ngl i kinda wanted shenhe to be the centerpiece of this year 's lantern rite ... even that one official lantern rite artwork the one with xiao ganyu and shenhe present seemed to suggest that she was the main focus but oh well
if that 's the case you 're reading it the wrong way around .
these bottleneck calculators '' are super inaccurate too as they 're still way too general .
the 12900k is the fastest cpu behind the ryzen 5800x3d so there 's not much gain here .
there will always be a bottleneck otherwise you would have infinite fps .
where do you draw the line at what should be kept private and what should be shared ?
i understand the sharing of lives with others but usually that 's not due to some moral obligation .
it 's just due to wanting to have a connection .
if i was the guy living out in the woods away from society that 's only benefitting me and not others .
am i doing a disservice by not helping others ?
it does n't seem to be clear how much one is allowed to do things that only benefit themselves and how much one ought to do things that benefit others .
no i do n't believe i 'd be doing them a disservice .
and golly gee you put so much weight on a lie .
let 's say i got married young and i cheated and then i stopped .
she never finds out and we continue our marriage until one of us eventually dies .
how much weight are you gon na put on that lie when my wife is going through chemotherapy and i 'm there with her every day ?
how much weight are you gon na put on that lie when i 'm working hard 7 days a week to pay for her medical bills ?
how much weight are you gon na put on that lie when i donate to her a kidney ?
you seem to put a lot of weight on the truth that could very well cost a relationship but you have no idea what someone would do for said relationship in spite of that .
you call it selfish as if said lie means not caring about the partner but you have no idea .
or at least you act like you do n't .
i do n't get why this rahane credit thing is a meme dude pulled off the greatest heist in test history and people were still crediting kohli first
i bought and rode/averaged up to 8 ish ... sold at a loss at 4.. back in at .7
i 'm gunna take what i bought back to the grave with me..
there 's a reason usa has n't stagnated in innovation like europe has .
you 're much too tin foil hat for me to take seriously
edit today is not a good day and the nearest gas station want‘s 9.99 per gallon !
in my previous job i travelled about once a month all over the usa and always planned to see the sights in that specific area .
i got to see a lot of places that i 'd never see otherwise in all of the 'fly-over ' states all at my employers expense .
he was being blackmailed by like the government or elite asshole and had a side quest to do and now that he 's done it his ridicule surrender move was to shmear the mona lisa or face death and now he 's safe and him and his lover get to live .
your extremism of defending encampments to be anywhere under the guise of freedom '' is as bad as the far right .
there was an exploding rv right outside an elementary school in playa vista ca .
and two weeks prior to that a dead body .
outside westminster elementary school there was a known felon and gangmember selling drugs from his rv adjacent to an elementary school .
i get the point you 're making but these were children with developmental disabilities nowhere near as profound and life-limiting as the examples you give .
and as another commenter said the queen mother was a patron of mencap and was thus publicly declaring herself to be doing all she could to improve the lives and rights of the disabled .
how big is that risks with current laws i 'd argue small enough that he would to sell to any teenagers .
i would be willing to bet thier not because the seller did everything he needed to do which is nothing and that is supported by law .
he has no obligation to see if he sold to an adult .
what does no identification or background checks mean to you ?
yeah completely agree i was n't really referring to the video with my comment
it 's not that republicans block all common sense legislation it 's that they dems and the gop are sparring '' and the article even lies about gop supporting mental healthcare reform .
i have personally witnessed men trying to grope other women in broad daylight so your argument that he would n't try anything in front of people completely ignores the fact that fucked up men just exist .
this is nyc and you really believe that there is n't one man in all of new york that would n't attempt to do some foul shit in front of a group of people ?
if these group of men had n't have intervened then there would n't be any justice and that rapist would have gotten away scott free .
when people stay bystanders y'all are angry at them for not stopping something but when they do intervene you accuse them of a hate crime .
i bet the girl they took the man away from felt grateful for them doing something about it .
i like how you gloss over the fact that she stalled a serious kaido who was trying to kill
it 's dumbledore your talking about he always wants everyone to feel like hogwarts is home .
they would n't be comfortable leaving the castle to just a bunch of less than human elves
orfeo is nice too it has lots and lots opportunities for exponential growth .
i share your sentiment about brokers though it felt like it had lots of build up that leads nowhere the few times i played it .
all in all i really like preconstructed events like this .
i never really build anything for the other events because i usually do n't have the card pool to make a decent deck for most of the season or just do n't want to for the few games i 'd play with it .
the base near me would not allow any contractors to come in military or not .
just those employed but even then i did not hear of much if any training going on .
but i 'm sure each base has its own terms .
good luck that 's a valuable position to be in training military spouses .
i 'm pretty sure i just saw she is having a 3rd baby !
i think we are in a gray zone regarding the validity of the post in this reddit .
yeah sorry for being a bit rude but every time i think about somebody invading somebody else with better gear just so they can have an easy win pisses me off .
death is always unnecessary in the context of an all powerful '' being .
but coming up with theological excuses for violence is super useful when starting a cult .
never know what you might need to justify later by quoting scripture '' you wrote ...
fuck with my cock between your amazing tits suck and caress your breasts give you head until you scream with pleasure—then fuck you doggie style until we both scream with pleasure ! !
rule 1 submissions must link to a video between 5 minutes and 1 hour long .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if you believe this action was taken in error or have any ideas questions or concerns please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmealtimevideos .
i know that every time i put something up i check it at least twice an hour to see how its doing if people like it what the comments are .
they oversimplify or twist or beliefs to make it easier for them to review because they 're past the point of realization that they ca n't review our points regularly
damn they really had glitch mode fighting for its life j
even the small transition to haechan starting off the bridge is done so tastefully .
i still do n't think any dream tt would top hello future/boom/mfal but it sure would go riiight after them .
i was just thinking about this a minute ago .
fillies we 're the first think i ever shot and idk if it 's just because it was my first time but diluadid had always been my absolute favourite drug even though it 's impossible to find now .
sometimes even if you win you do n't know if it was the right decision back in time .
just like putting money in the lottery everyone does it and the time before the win it is always a bad decision but then someone wins and yes before the win it was a bad decision to buy but the outcome is luck .
it really makes no difference now if it was a poor decision or not but luck has it that that they could hold on to the property .
you would need to really look at the numbers about what steps to do next with the biggest number to look at as their age
any change in ownership from one person to another is a transfer . ''
rentals/loans are also transfers but laws are somewhat different .
any private sale in virginia is required to go through an ffl for a background check .
exception if the buyer is 18-20 years of age then the entire act is enjoined from enforcement by court order .
a transfer that is not a sale but is a bona fide gift i.e .
nothing of value is exchanged then there is no requirement for a background check .
however if the recipient is a prohibited person they 're still breaking the law .
if the person gifting the gun knows that the recipient is a prohibited person then the person gifting is breaking the law .
we need a tier 1 or 2 rifle of some kind i would love if we could have a winchester repeater or something similar .
those old rifles used pistol ammo and it would be the perfect way to add more options for weapons .
the horse they never rode and the river they never crossed
could n't a cvt in theory be programmed to be sporty ?
can essentially choose any number of gesrs at any ratio you want and the shifting should n't be very slow
though some forms can be very hard to liberate it from rust is reasonably hard iirc .
i woke up a few years ago it was a long journey but i feel so much happier .
it wo n't be easy but take it slow and remember that you are loved and you are worthy .
do n't let anyone or anything make you stop believing in yourself .
a moderação do r/desabafos entende que assuntos como o de suicídio são muito delicados .
aos usuários recomendamos entrar em contato com o centro de valorização da vida o cvv .
o número deles é o 188 gratuito para todo o brasil .
você também pode acessar o site deles https www.cvv.org.br que oferece várias outras formas de contato .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/desabafos if you have any questions or concerns .
yes please dont let the raccoons get stuck inside dumpsters its not very nice you wouldnt enjoy being stuck inside one neither do they
also not having a player to regularly command a double team hurt .
bam had to stay on williams or horford when possible .
if able to we had butler on tatum but it did n't seem to frequent as they kept falling for the switches .
tatum is also just going to get better at making smaller players pay regardless of age or athleticism that clip of him hitting a dagger 3 over dragic vs the nets in their last game is etched in my head .
so then we are forced to double him and then that just makes life so much better for their above average players who are able to take advantage of being left open .
meanwhile they literally played man-to-man basically every possession except for when we got into the paint and even then horford williams or tatum was enough to block or deter paint shots
it 's just rough ... .same thing happened in the bubble when we faced lebron ad .
but but but i 'd made it through four biomes multiple bosses and circa 70 chambers i thought it was more than fair
make the eirika and ephraim routes be played simultaneously .
fe8 had the perfect opportunity to do so but it never happened .
which i 'm gon na assume is due to hardware limitations .
pretty wild that they all date back to actual gamecube era
also a ton of sealed sets too that i forgot to mention !
nico just ran away from his graphic for the shift lol
nsaids causes my vascular system to freak out and i end up covered in huge bruises and vasculitis all over my body even from one dose of ibuprofen .
i use kratom when i need pain relief as well as something called aspirea compound from the brand herbalist and alchemist .
secondly go sit in the corner and think about what you 've done .
yeah frankly i 'm a bit nervous about zheng 6.5 .
she has the ability to do it easily but also could totally shut off this set and just try to win set 3
i changed the same day that email came out lol
i do n't think it 's possible for any promoter to properly book his entire roster all of the time .
you get new toys guys fall out of favor etc .
i bet you were the life of the party ? !
i 'd love to be the main host and entertain you all night
i wish they 'd remake movies that sucked but had cool ideas instead of movies everyone loves .
tbh i would n't care if they remade star wars since it 's kind of dead to me but i 'd much prefer if they remade and changed the story of the prequels instead .
i really just do n't buy that you do n't wan na be that woman but i wan na give you the benefit of the doubt here .
let 's put this into perspective your son 's girlfriend did not know about your plans to come down and spend a week with them until you were already there .
now she has a to accommodate a guest she knew nothing about prior while in the middle of packing and moving and still working from home .
now you 're mad at her for being uncomfortable and calling her anxiety and boundaries a power play and gaslighting which is a word you did n't really use correctly .
my thing is why are automatically assuming she 's being malicious ?
why are you putting all the blame on her when this is clearly on your son ?
he knows about her anxiety and knows how she would 've felt which is probably why he did n't tell her beforehand .
furthermore why the absolute hell are you and your husband trying to diagnose her ?
not only is that incredibly rude but you also overstepped your boundaries extremely .
no wonder she does n't feel comfy having you in her personal space when you clearly do n't respect her .
will drive you wild with pleasure as i lick both beautiful holes till you cum ... then fuck one after the other filling each hole with a creamy reward
nope all one house actually i basically build a fort outside their house with the stacks of boxes haha
it 's one my favorite pass times as spy .
the nba leather tour earl action bronson the alchemist has been cancelled in scandinavia it 'll probably be another 10 years before earl stops by copenhagen again..
you 're not that short bro my best friend is 5'8 .
i 'm sure alot of you guys are unsure on what 's going to happen tomorrow .
we 'll never know 100 forsure but being that we 've been in this war for going on almost a year and a half they will have to reuse some of their tricks .
even hedgefunds only have so many new tricks up their sleeve before they run out and use old ones .
that being said i made a small list of indicators i believe could help give us a better understanding of what could potentially happen .
if anyone has any questions they think i should add to the checklist just comment them below ! !
the borrow rate is our x factor this number has n't been above double digits since this whole thing kicked off and now it 's at an all time high .
please help me fill this checklist out and i 'll give credit to whoever finds the answer and edit it in a new post !
tldr let 's work together and ask/answer the questions we need to know before the trading week starts !
haha my ex used to stitch em up but i 've found that he always makes the newest one his favorite .
he likes his hippo and rhino but he will always with the bear first haha .
thanks i 'm just glad that my own initial impression along with some input from two car '' buddies whom i took on an extended test drive the day after i bought it helped lead me to decide to make that investment on the wheels and tires .
i should clarify that the stock wheels/tires do n't have horrible grip and obviously many people do n't mind them i just am pleasantly surprised how they make the car actually feel like it 's worth more by not rolling over/skidding out as much in tight maneuvers steering feel and less cheap feeling torsion beam shudder all for only a 1200 investment .
this is r/cosplay all comments should focus on the cosplay and not the cosplayer or their body .
comments that do not follow this guideline or the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/cosplay/wiki/rules may be removed and depending on the severity could result in being banned .
does this post contribute in a positive manner to the subreddit ?
if this post fits the spirit of r/cosplay upvote this comment !
if you feel this post does not meet the spirit of the subreddit downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules of the r/cosplay subreddit downvote this comment and report the post !
dtd and servais response on his scratch was a little muddy .
edit from servais playing the long game here he said .
i really want to have him available for the remainder of the season .
so just pull back a little bit go from there .
we were concerned it mite not be a happy ending .
just to make sure i understand so while they are in my game they can make animals spawn all wonky .
and because they already spawned those are the ones that are bugged and until they are harvested they are just there ?
and my game is n't making new ones on its own .
i 'm a little slow and reading alot of conflicting things i get confused easily .
you start in canada and end in canada with no other stops so the us does n't get involved
it 's not really different on linux distros either ...
i 'm able to hook my linux laptop to higher resolution monitors without any issues .
i honestly think they were just fumbling around with design before and now with supply .
a dock is actually one of the simplest pieces of tech they could make and is n't at all rocket science .
there 's a reason why nintendo includes it for free on an already cheap console they make money on it 's incredibly rare for a console to be profitable .
the majority of the states population exists in 5 major cities that have been jury mandered to rig the vote .
some counties have fewer population than an average subdivision on the larger cities yet get the same number of electoral votes .
if these issues where put to a popular vote not effected by electoral votes or decided by the state senate then the laws would change .
the powers that be keep it this way because they know the majority of texans in the large cities are democratic .
it 's why you can smoke weed in austin but nowhere else .
i think its gross and not aligned with my morales although he is not the only musician to do so by far .
it doesnt change my opinion of the band or him as an artist but it makes me think less of him as a person
rising 2l and these are the purchases i found most useful
1 quimbee account if your school does not provide your school may give this for free mine berkeley did .
check in advance before buying but it is a great help .
during the year you 'll have days where you are swamped or just need a break and quimbee is a lifeline .
i do n't recommend it as a regular supplement to all reading but as a crutch when needed it is extremely helpful .
2 highlighters not personally for me but a ton of friends of mine get a great deal of use out of them .
you 'll be doing a ton of reading and having a book stand will save your neck a lot of strain over the course of the semester .
4 portable monitor not absolutely essential but a huge benefit if you are willing to sink 100 300 .
it 's very helpful if you do your work on the go a lot to be able to have a second monitor .
also if your finals are in person some schools will allow you to bring it to the exam room giving you a big leg up .
they are a bit pricey though so i would n't consider them essential .
5 blue light glasses not essential but if you do a lot of work on the computer every day it can strain the eyes .
i 'd recommend buying a cheap pair that actually work for if you need it .
6 business attire if you do n't already have self explanatory
7 a nice backpack/laptop bag you 'll be carrying a lot of stuff often times and over the long run a good quality bag is worth it imo .
i 'm sure there are plenty more but that is what stood out to me as particularly important
just bite your bottom lip and grin with with your chin facing downward and strong eye contact .
after that you 'll be sure she does n't want to be kissed no rock left unturned .
i did n't get a success message as shown in the video i was watching to guide me but then i did gatsby —version and that worked so i assume it 's installed .
show us the fur when talking about a rare bro
for me he 's not my favorite by the way i liked him because he was a way for jack to live on ... in a sense ... they both had the same horrible childhood and fought in the war together and so he 's able to share that sad part of his past with his brothers children and even though he was estranged from the family in the end somehow they find one another .
having never had a family of his own children a wife until late in life though he did have a strong love and having been emotionally and physically abused jack would have wanted his brother to feel the love of a family .
jack was watching over him maybe from heaven guiding him to that moment and that 's touching and endearing to me .
i felt bad for nicky for how his fears and emotions made him a prisoner in his own body and his own life .
he should have run away with that woman and been happy instead he lived a life of fear and pain and pushed everyone even jack away .
it was nice to see him open his heart again in his own way .
never really being overly sensitive or sentimental but still learning to let others get close again .
i have 5 days what should i see in utah ''
they should have given him a second chance for 2021 but they chose checo instead .
i think after his win at monza he was ready for red bull and would have performed just as good if not a bit better than checo .
yet he 's on his third full year with at getting outperformed by tsunoda .
rb might as well wait until checo gets worse and yuki is ready and then change their lineup .
at least that 's how things are looking now .
it is an interesting hypothesis that makes me curious .
was there a formal study made and what kind of study was it ?
by stopping this natural cycle of release the energy becomes stuck '' what kind of energy ?
i did actually immediately escape from one of my traumas i was physically harmed and my ptsd did not get better .
in fact it got much worse regardless of my regular exercise and self assurance .
i 've never played it but i think it looks super interesting .
it 's a big rpg that seems very similar to outward .
i have no idea how combat plays in kenshi .
did n't realize biden was both incompetent but also a master puppeteer forcing putin to invade ukraine .
if you go to vietnam you probably will get a job if you have your degree tefl and criminal record check ready
the situation probably has alot to do with it .
it 's way easier to get my girlfriend off when she 's excited .
in germany you guys got rid of most of your nuclear power and that has probably been worse for the environment than any amount of cars anywhere since the coal plants had to expand .
coal use in germany kept declining after the nuclear exit .
in fact it never declined as fast while nuclear power was still acceptable .
even if you destroy my link veda will be linked with me but after creating the cyberverse the link is permanent
lmao 11in ... for some reason i 'm a bit skeptical.. even medically that 's super rare
character hell i want to see a trans board member .
i 'd like to see a trans person in any executive position even a managerial position .
this ceiling is n't glass it 's reinforced concrete .
it 's okay m8 it does sound like that does n't it
it is unbelievable and in extreme poor taste that it 's been asked for now .
you 'paid ' your rent while living there by being their cleaner by the sounds of it .
i 'd block this troll and let your friend the person that initially offered their hospitality what 's happened .
hoping we can either get prescriptions locally at our next post or maybe use express scripts ?
have n't had time to do any research or talk to the local med unit to figure out how exactly we 'd get prescriptions there .
the standard vs basic premium difference is pretty significant so saving that as a plan b .
rate-bombing really is n't that severe for anything that is n't in the top 10 .
but you should still take seasonal scores with big grain of salt since a large percentage of viewers do n't score until the show is over .
i would think that she would be accepting of the pregnancy based on her belief that she is handling her sexuality in a way that is acceptable to her religion .
like i would think she would be all come what may and have peace .
but looking back maybe she nominally accepted beliefs because she and bil felt pressed to in their religious group but they did n't think it all through— which happens often and we are allowed to be human even in regards to religion .
i want to be a little considerate though because it 's easy to have mixed feelings with issues like this .
it 's just the repetitiveness of complaining to a lot of people that is getting you tired of her .
but she probably does this with other problems that arise as well .
i would encourage her to get counseling since she is so distraught has conflicting thoughts right now and keeps ruminating her church may have free options .
im not a gun expert but if i had to guess it would be due to diffrances in bolt weight spring power and distance of travel for the bolt .
i could see this being exploited for wintraders and boosting services .
the kid is hurt and the dog is fucking him
it can be any other language from india that uses same letters but not hindy thus a translation come out strange .
my point is it 's not like this current administration just suddenly veered into this scenario .
the preceeding one did the same shit just like the ones before that .
it 's not like oh shit this old biden dipshit is president and out of nowhere everything just changed overnight
the trend of forced inclussion changing the race and sexuality of established characters in entertainment rather than amking new ones and shaming white people for existing .
most of the time they just end up undermining the equality and rights of the people they claim to defend with their toxic activism .
because at the end of the day they do it to boost their ego and not for the sake of actually helping others .
definitely looking forward to it but hoping there 's plenty for newer players i 've only been playing for a couple of months and it 's not all to benefit higher levels .
but from what i 've read in the ludia forums it looks promising !
i unfortunately live in a red state right now and it sucks but my daughter is healthy and that is what matters !
we keep saying we might explore other countries though .
italy and canada are off the list but there 's a whole world out there now that america kind of sucks .
a weekend 's worth '' my brother in christ please appreciate the fact that you can blast through 15 chaos levels in a weekend while you still can
u/environmentalcatch69 you have successfully changed your submission 's https www.reddit.com/r/beyondthefog/comments/v1r989/ps5_help_with_commander_niall_journey_2/iao2i28 flair to duty fulfilled !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/beyondthefog if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission was removed because you have not verified with the mod team .
from now on the ass only allows oc content from verified users .
please read here for steps on how to verify .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ass if you have any questions or concerns .
hormones and jack of sleep can do that emit a woman dude .
after my kids i was whacky for a while .
you might be wise to support her and get help for both if yourselves .
the newborn phase was sooo hard adding a divorce to that will just be ugly .
i am literally 10x more excited for solchicks because they already released the breeding .
ca n't wait to see where they 'll be in 3 months .
i 've not read it but a stitch in time by andrew j. robinson garak is consistently regarded as one of the best star trek novels .
my personal all—time favorite star trek novels are the ds9 millennium trilogy by judith and garfield reeves-stevens .
there 's also the non-canon ds9 relaunch series which carried the story on across dozens of novels for another 20 years 2001-2021 albeit with a lot of new characters .
there are lists available on memory beta but start with avatar book 1 by s.d .
if it 's a spam account or it 's not op please send a message to the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgonewild18 and tell us !
hey u/hanna_nixon keep in mind that r/gonewild18 it 's for self posters only your account it 's not verified yet .
you might post but you will receive this message and a not verified flag .
follow the verification process https www.reddit.com/r/gonewild18/wiki/verification to avoid this message in the future ! !
take a look and subscribe to the next amazing subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild18 if you have any questions or concerns .
if u find challenge guardian unfun you will suffer in higher content .
actually i 'll take mario party ds as well .
so what 's the best price for all 4 games .
i had the same issue on a dell r710 .
i got passed it by installing 7.1 and then upgraded to 7.2 afterwards .
be sure to check the hourly weather for the park you intend go to so that you will bring enough water or avoid days that will become especially hot .
last year a few people died of dehydration in our parks they simply did n't anticipate how quickly the temperature would go up or how much hydration is required at certain temperatures .
parks are big and people ca n't always make it out .
the more germany changes the more it stays the same .
frederick the great was a control freak bismarck was a control freak kaiser wilhelm was a control freak squaremustachemanbad was a control freak merkel was a control freak and the polka band plays on .
how are you going to make it work ? ''
there have been a ton of incidents in turn two today but jimmie is suddenly such a shitty driver for having one
there are definitely less vape shops than there were 5 years ago .
all the ones near me have had to combine with a phone case/repair shop or a totally not drugs paraphernalia shop to survive and there 's only a few rather than the close to a dozen there used to be
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/haloinfinite if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
win or lose these referees should never work an iihf game again .
returning player here im around midtier can finish toa db12 etc my choices nora velajuel barbara moore verad ophilia pungbaek and miles .
what should i go for mainly looking for something towards mid-lategame ?
it 's easy enough to do no extra mechanism .
you can just load a round down the barrel from the front load a round normally .
attach a wire like tannoy cable coms wire to the firing mechanism roll out 100m from the tank and fire the gun .
propaganda works in the masses most western people did n't even know what ukraine was and not to long now they 'll all go back to celebrities and starbucks and forget
when i first turn on the wii it starts to make the sound of you putting in a disc .
then once i try to put in a disc the disc goes in goes halfway out goes back in and spits out .
yes but assuming he had a better drink to go with it .
news flash asshole it was expensive the entire goddamn time !
we are getting kashyyyk so that at least means a possibility of sev .
let me know if you see anything in my recent for it
a bot post answered by a bot with another bot trying to sell a shirt .
most of them will never believe because they 're insincere .
even if gorman scores that does n't change that we are losing by multiple runs against burnes and hader
i wonder if it is a safety feature that after so long of not being able to automatically feed the line it turns off .
i have n't used an auto-feed '' trimmer since the early 2000 's so i do n't remember exactly how they worked then ... or they may have added a safety feature since then .
if it does n't work with trimmer line time for a warranty repair .
anime that left me feeling disturbed during certain scenes ?
i do n't think i 'll ever be able to look at a toothbrush the same way ever again .
also one that i could n't force myself to watch very many episodes of gantz .
norrie is overrated and if he won this it would n't be any better .
last time they played meddy destroyed in in straights hes gon na cruise this game then vs zverev then beat up on the tired victore of nole rafa .
if he faces anyone besides meddy in finals hes ur next champ
putting a fire in front or behind a swing should be a red flag
if they use it wrongly that 's on them .
biden actually prevented an investigation of law enforcement in uvalde .
he said he has the utmost respect for law enforcement .
and it 's essentially what ted cruz did after those people got dragged away at the restaurant .
where did i say christ is king in response to you ?
you called me out for putting words in your mouth .
sent you a chat you 're a playful brat is spank you .
i do miss the epsilon unit brings back good memories
i do n't give a shit about the stanley cup but if i was wwe champion that 's a pretty exclusive club
just to feel like this it took a long time yeah
in fact i may save this try to replicate it someday i ca n't tell if i am grateful for this discovery or not😊
the fuck does kral have to do with this ?
wife how did this happen in the middle of the !
she 's now getting comfortable on her platform showing the world who she really is as a person
any wgc event api torrey pines players memorial wm colonial .
basically any event that draws the majority of top 20 players plus the wm even if it does n't .
the john deer is also fun because a trip to the open championship is on the line and draws a pretty good crowd because they fly players to the open .
tbh she does n't even eat bagels or flatbread before this .
it 's more of the fact that she ca n't eat as much pizza/pasta as she wants anymore we have pizza weekly and that she ca n't eat fries with her burger any more .
it 's just portion control and she 's having a hard time doing it without complaining multiple times a day about how she wants more .
residents are allowed to speak at city council meetings about community issues with some restrictions like time limits .
if they do seat him i bet there would be many uncomfortable and disrupted meetings .
they could strong arm the people out but after the outrage and poor press from them doing the same in front of the school i suspect they will take the quiet way and resign to deny the opportunity for confrontation .
seems like he does not want to be put on the spot .
how many millions of babies will never get to reach the fourth grade because they were aborted a fact the times has championed for 50 years .
maybe it often does end but it 's still super useful .
i 've seen too many cases of people almost always women who find out how abnormal and abusive their situation is when they talk about it .
had they not gone to someone about what 's happening they may not have realized that the way he was touching her or talking to her or ignoring her no was abnormal/unacceptable .
they may have stayed in a dangerous situation until it escalated .
professional counseling is almost always better than reddit if you have the time and money for it but reddit has been a helpful and potentially life-saving resource for many people .
there 's a panera on my way to the gym and that 'd be tight ...
br mate how tf did you manage to score the name kakucho
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/babes if you have any questions or concerns .
not exactly what you 're looking for but i have a 1 canon th7
would love to leave you like that ... where do i sign up ?
thank you so much we indeed are prepared to fight .
we have read interesting books have uploaded consistently and have gained 576 subs in a year .
i understand this is not much but we were genuinely happy for each and every one of them ...
that moment everyone realize they fucked up and jiang yanli teared them to pieces with a smile we kinda see a little bit of this in the phoenix mountain but i 've read fics where they make her a little bit more badass
sect leader yao and ouyang make you lose your fait on humanity on a daily basis
i think with all the 4000 rules in the lan clan i 'm sure there are some related to be self-sufficient so at some point all the juniors had to learn how to do the basic chores like cleaning cooking laundry patrolling etc .
the ignore me '' talisman i 'm not sure if it 's cannon or fannon but i 've read it on a lot of fanfics the same with the silencing talisman that 's either there or it 's wwx invention
i 'm a god fearing man who is tired of being talked down to by atheists like i 'm stupid at best and evil at worst .
it 's not about the colour it 's about what 's in them and i 'll have that all day 😍
who created satan according to the bible knowing what he would become and what he would do ?
oh lawd are they doing that twirl and switch who 's mag dumping thing ?
chelsea leeds and fulham will be the ones that our guys actually get some playing time at but for me leeds is the easiest of those clubs to get behind .
thinking that every bride and groom must love children and have to have them present during a wedding .
even in peter pan they straight up try to drown wendy ffs .
instead of using for planks and 2 sticks for 7 items use the sticks to smelt the log that you would need to convert into planks to get a piece of charcoal that can smelt 8 items .
i 'm currently working on reinstating my birth nationality .
take a piece of paper or your tablet ..make a pro/con list for both situations..then decide what you feel and want in your soul .
i just want the anime not horny reasons cus i wan na use it as a prank to my normie friend ok
that 's why i 'm trying to look at my options to get this issue fixed asap
only thing i needed in life was for her to love me .
now that she is gone that hole in the heart just ca n't seemed to be filled .
thanks for sharing how many of your clients are cash of unknown origin ? ''
if someone elects to just tuck their chin rather than attempt a 'proper ' defence they can reasonably expect me to pull my forearm through their face rather than attempt a 'proper ' submission .
i recently noticed that i 'm spending too much time in the nursery even during his wake windows and need to switch it up by moving rooms .
i 'm not gay but cillian murphy is hot lord sesshomaru is too
i got married less than a month after i turned 18 .
it was just a feeling i had that this was it this was my forever .
9 years and 4 kids later here we are !
its not that there wasnt matter its that it was so condensed into a tiny tiny tiny ball of matter which got too dense and exploded .
theres another theory called the big crush once this universe stops expanding due to the amount of matter that exploded and is everlastingly building apparently the universe will begin to condense again into a little tiny ball until it once again blows up .
as if the big bang hasnt happened just once .
during this they think things like time and light and pretty much everything we know will just get fucked .
reddit does a 301 redirect from bare to www so most browsers will cache that .
we require a minimum account age and karma as a spam deterrent .
messaging us to ask what they are will result in a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i trust this guy with hitting an apple off my head
you used the item 'bear feet ' and did 14 extra sinful damage .
you replied to a comment made on the other post before this one was even posted 😑
dennnoch kann ich die reaktion auf jahrelange enttäuschungen und warten in der kälte nachvollziehen sogar nachfühlen .
irgendwann will man mal einfach nach plan irgendwo ankommen .
source from the very left-wing guardian when clarence house 's annual audited financial report was published
it also emerged that prince charles funded harry and meghan with a substantial sum until the summer of 2020 .
harry had told oprah winfrey that his family had literally cut me off financially in the early part of last year .
charles financially supported sussexes until summer of 2020 clarence house
funding for both of prince charles 's sons the dukes of cambridge and sussex and their families contributed to a £4.5m bill for the prince his clarence house financial accounts showed .
harry and meghan were still listed as receiving money from charles 's duchy of cornwall income despite quitting the monarchy at the end of march last year .
as for the uk press being vicious yes i agree my point is n't that they were n't vicious but that they were vicious unfairly because she was american not because she was mixed race .
it was her american-ness that they loved to sneer at the outgoing/tactile/'gushing ' nature that you do n't see much in british culture and unfortunately a lot of people look down on as fake r/askuk i 'm ashamed to say is a terrible example of how people love to shit on america for being a 'third-world country in a gucci belt ' .
we 're just going in cirlcles mistress well i 'll leave to ... somehow finish my duties my boobs bounce a little when i stand up
the guy who invented the term millennial '' neil howe was and is pretty upbeat about us .
i ca n't imagine anything worse than this continued feeling and economic system going on forever . ''
we 're making the young pay for the old the rich pay for the poor and young adults come of age on a system that their elders never knew how to run and refused to learn to repair or rebuild .
i do n't know if anybody else here has read strauss and howe 's generations or fourth turning where they spin out most of their predictions about generations generally and millennials specifically .
it 's both strangely relieving and considerably less magical thinking than it looks at first glance .
their underlying assertion is that every generational type is necessary to shift a society forward and that this kind of moment what they call a crisis is necessary .
they think of it as winter that there is always a moment when culture and politics and economics shifts from old to young because the existing system ca n't hold the worldly needs of the young or the moral and spiritual crusades of the old and things fall apart and fall back together into a new kind of order .
but are we done enough to cut through the thicker of traditions and rules keeping an old world from working for us ?
your post has been removed for breaking our rules on personal information which includes usernames twitter handles non-reddit watermarks or any other identifying information .
instagram memes and twitter screenshots are not good content for this sub .
send us a message here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes do n't reply to this comment .
! it 's my take but it 's kinda like a fucked up relationship where the guy gets yeeted off from something or somewhat calling it an alchemy of sorts .
do n't know if you still wanted this but i 'm off to mauritius in a week i 'll add u if u wanted
do n't send us a modmail about it we will not change it !
this is a spam protection mechanism tutorials on how to earn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
i had n't seen that before but i feel like a lot of flashy '' techniques in star wars would end pretty much like that from someone who is calm .
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
kevin would also like to remind you that if you 're really desperate youtube-dl can be used to download videos from reddit .
whilst you 're here big_russia why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
this community is focused on important or vital information and high-effort content .
please make sure your post follows the rules https www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/about/rules ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=usertext utm_name=ukraine utm_content=t5_2qqcn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukraine if you have any questions or concerns .
well if you went to albuquerque you would have to buy tickets to see it
read item descriptions and look into bag what you got .
do you think there is a specific reason why especially python ?
ignore the unfinished bridge the picture was taken prior to it 's construction .
linked the project download in the comments as it seems i ca n't link it in the post .
have n't really built anything in 7 or so years so please do n't be too hard on my work .
no jos ne videot on kattonu nii huomaa kyllä ettei tää herra ollu ihan tässä maailmassa
! give me pictures of more balloon animals or your family gets it .
when we 're aroused our balls retact and our ball sac gets a little tighter so it protects it and prevents swinging .
i agree with you and the fact that people are downvoting you makes me think the people on this thread are all bronze players .
risk in going for a care package is non existent unless its in the middle of a fire fight .
90 of the time the package is already landed and just waiting to be opened .
unless you are 200m away it literally a point and click gun and one of the easiest in the game to use .
wow thank you everyone for your support and feedback i did n't expect this at all .
that 's why i was n't sure why i got the cold welcome at first .
this post has been marked by the poster as nonoriginal i.e .
if anyone including op knows the content source or name of this model reply to this comment for visibility .
give model name/username or source only no personal information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkangels if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely just dm me and i can send you whatever
everyone has been saying that he does n't work on the wing all season everybody pointed out his mediocre performance on the wing but he does one amazing game and there it is he 's a beast at left wing '' ?
football does n't work like that despite what the sub is used to .
bdo graphics 10 gameplay 10 for an mmo ui 0 story 0 everything else no idea
dungeons overall like a 7. some of them are pretty bad but most are at least good
lost ark graphics 6 design/style is either a 2 or 10. goes from super generic areas like shishire and luterra to mindblowing like brelshazas dungeon .
would be pretty bad without some of the super epic cut scene .
raids 7 excluding the stuff we dont have yet .
probably ends up being a 9 or 10 with legion raids .
side stuff 7 for islands 8 for collectibles and 10 for mokoko seeds .
now i wan na do the aame but im scared as hell to aay that to ny mum
if your account is new and you need a reliable s rank to help you clear content get dai .
he has really good type coverage for damage and is also moderately tanky .
his main drawbacks are having a low max mp and having skills that do n't quite hit as hard as the 'top tier ' physical damage dealers .
if you 're already able to clear most of the content for these events then you should just hold .
do n't forget the new wave of republicanism and democracy after america was founded
relevant changes will be stopped by the council anyway .
we need to start outside of the eu rules .
just start the damn convent with willing countries in europe hence germany france belgium .
you are staring down the barrel of satan 's massive penis .
you only have to lay on bed and do nothing and it 's faster than eating or drinking .
i 'd be ok with it if it took a considerable amount of time .
last time i was dehydrated due to heavy vomiting and went to hospital it took me 2h before the doctress evaluated i was rehidrated enough and it was super mild i could still sweat .
i have reached the point were you stop sweating while doing sport
it has been commented that it replenishes but also drains faster afterwards wich is an acceptable middle-point .
i 'll check that and get back to you in a minute
you know i should be more surprised than i am .
beto o'rourke has more compassion and more human decency in his little toenail than greg abbott has in his entire shriveled soul .
go into cyber security as officer in some branch .
peace out into civilian sector after your service and earn way more money doing the same thing .
such a shapely body and anyone would be lucky to be with you .
i suspect a beautiful face to go with the body yet wo n't show it for obvious reasons .
i am guessing you are n't that old and american
i understand that ending up dead is not the best way to preserve life but also sometimes you have to play as fast and as loose as your opponent
send him an article listing every consequences being pregnant has and could have on your body and hormones you have it worse than him he just had to sleep with you to have a baby and you have to carry it for 9 month while being in pain and uncomfortable and litterally risking your life if something goes wrong .
he is not a supportive partner and you should take counselling asap imo because it sounds abusive and he is trying to gaslight you .
how could you think you were in the wrong ?
2 mph over would never stand up in court ... .i 'd just say i was going 70 there 's no proof the speedometers are that finely calibrated
i 've had the same issue until two days back ..i was n't able to figure out what the problem was even after a lot of research so i finally reached out to asus usa support team on reddit and they were really helpful .
they provided a link for amd drivers update and after updating it i have n't noticed any stutter at all .
it 's been 2 days since i updated the drivers still going strong with no stutter .
i guess the problem was with the amd drivers .
you can replace skill but it 's awfuly tough to replace the guy that drags a team into the fight .
they were a car with no driver for years .
eventually they tried to undo a wrong when they got him back .
how long do i have to buy the scorpius ?
so i 'm expecting urine to be able to possess people and control them
do americans take down their flags and change them when they damage ?
here in argentina we just let them fliyng until they almost completly desintergated
they 're all pretty bad but i 'd have to say 7am or if you want it
i just hope the nhl can eliminate the as a variable for thegame .
sorry i mean i need a source that explicitly states your argument .
no you ca n't make inferences and observations from the sources you 've gathered .
any additional comments from you must be a subset of the information from the sources you 've gathered .
you ca n't make normative statements from empirical evidence .
no it does n't matter how close those data points are correlated .
you still have n't provided me a valid source yet .
i just looked through all 308 pages of your user history figures i 'm debating a glormpf supporter .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll eat you till you cum so hard that you can barely stand
action humor angst fluff mystery horror this season had it all !
it reintroduced old side/background characters and made them important and we got a handful of new interesting characters as well .
great writing from the team as always and the animation was just beautiful whether it was a fight scene or a kiss .
it 's indeed the aformentioned crashed plane that was supposed to be a restaurant but was scrapped november last year .
they did n't tell me what was the problem all they say is do this and that for checking pings
offer to blow the gc manager behind the nearest wendy 's for a discount .
that was the most awesome thing i 've seen a crab do !
i dont want to involve myself in the project anymore
do not post your skype name in a public .
we recommend against comments like pm 'd you '' or check your inbox '' or sent you a message '' as they are never useful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwskype if you have any questions or concerns .
i was on spelling bee around the same time !
i was so nervous about being on tv that i spelled kindergarten with a c and did n't buzz in even on words that i knew during the lightning round .
anyone who is not familiar with anime and its idiosyncrasies can watch it without feeling overwhelmed .
the relationships are wholesome the storyline is good and the characters feel human .
also helps that it is in fictional europe instead of japan so anyone who does n't watch anime much can understand .
all in all it has everything going for it .
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
my problem is n't the lack of stock but how it 's being distributed .
asia has been completely thrown under the bus for europe and na .
so where i live even the official consoles are being scalped by the big companies pay 5k upfront on a 3 year mobile plan to get a ps5 worth 3.9k
i ended up buying it through a scalper because it was cheaper than the official sellers .
even in japan their home base they have been absolutely terrible in providing stock .
but europe and na get them every two weeks .
it 's just morgana who suffers from non quadratic situations
international still has some of the fastest clear speeds in st
if they were under water it would be even worse .
i hate pandya but fucking gt were the table toppers man .
my client hired me to sit on my ass all day i know im able to improve myself and make even fatter stacks work on my personal business or for other people that actually need work but im just lost and depressed what do i do ? ? ''
so annoying man this guy is living the dream of being paid working for nothing yet it does n't come to him that he can literally do other work or work on his business while getting paid for sitting
the birds are singing the flowers are blooming my dick is throbbing what a beautiful day for cooming .
good morning a i 've been awake for 20 whole seconds and i have n't coomed yet .
it 's time to hope on my porn throne and machine gun jackhammer my bloodshot death-grip bloodshot semi chub with my roided doomfist once again !
hmmgh i-i must sniff snnnnnnnniiiiiiiiiiiiffffffff oh god fapfapfapfap fucckk huhghu sniiff huhgjguhhgughu smashes desk i-i-im coooming ! ! ! ! !
im cooming im cooming im coooming im coooooming coooooooooom coooming fucckkk ahhafhhahuhg cooooom aw fuck its everywhere cooooom awgahughahg .
ahhghhha there you are my slippery white goo to the world my son my son ... well it 's time to get breakfast ... well a little coom first would n't hurt .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm so glad i saw this i did n't know cbs was showing the final i thought my only choices were tudn or univision .
every other live action clone up to this series has been cgi .
the clones in this series look like they 're real people wearing real armor .
jersey is the armpit and we all know florida is americas schlong .
could n't name them but could pick them out of lineups if they were using the photo 's that the media has plastered all over the place .
make it harder to get a gun you know like most countries do .
you wo n't be able to completely end it but then you wont have hundreds of mass shootings like you do now .
you really should n't need any mitigation artifact on a knight for wyvern .
sword of ezera is superior for mitigation for hunts .
i was seen within a week of signing up .
well he 's got check his multi ca n't expect him to remember it
why must there be multiple upskirt shots of a child ?
r/onlyfans101badbitches is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101badbitches if you have any questions or concerns .
wait is there really enough ammonia in pee to do that ?
why invest money in ciws when you have nukes ?
you are but thanks for half heartedly calling me a bigot
green day nirvana afi system of a down tool belmont bring me the horizon deftones alice in chains blink-182 sum 41 brand new linkin park and slipknot to name quite a few i listen to .
i went on thursday and it blew when i saw the empty shelves saying which date they are revealing them .
cool then share the real quote with a video of the scene as proof
for someone my size overweight without the chiseled godly physique its pathetic thats how i interpreted it anyway
i like how the top 2 comments are disturbing and beautiful
i 'm guessing he does n't want to move to brazil .
unless you 're happy being penpals forever this is never going to work .
how would you feel having children away from your family ?
do you realise that custody rules might mean that even if you divorce you would still have to stay in italy unless you went home without your children .
think really carefully love is not enough for a relationship to work .
i have a friend in a relationship with someone from another country .
whichever country they are in the other is homesick .
maybe if they made it so top 3 players get rep according to what place they are on the mvp screen ?
initial interview i told them my expected was 50 .
told me was in the range of their budget .
fast forward to the jo it was 35 5 deminimis 😂 .
even a new startup offered me more than what they call the max ceiling '' for cl 11 .
doncic clearly better than lebron at this stage of their careers .
well then what videos were on your liked videos 2 playlist ?
every time this happens i 'm always skeptical to believe op immediately .
nope it was bound to happen surge was way op in his gadget
i think it should be up to the individual dj .
i 'm black fiancee is white .. but our kids are n't gray lol
or it can be used as a weapon like in five nights at fuckboy 's
dude your entire account is right-libertarian agitprop what do you mean misinformation '' lmfao
agitprop is a term refering to propaganda which is intentionally misleading thus misinformation .
the comment also heavily implies the fact that i should n't call out misinformation because i 'm already spreading it .
but cool way to try to get out of what you 've already said i find it funny you think people wo n't see through it .
now back to your initial claim one count of misinformation from my account that is filled with propaganda a form of misinformation ?
if i were sandra i can live with that and skip jesse james
hm it all depends if you have someone to guide you and how much time you have on your hand that you are willing to work '' on the game not play the game .
and it is important to know if you have a gaming or rts background .
last year we formed a clan with some experienced players and some new ones .
and the result that these players get over time vary a lot .
the one with a lot of starcraft experience took 4 week to 1k2 now after a year he is 1k3-1k4 but he does n't play a lot .
the other one started from 0 and now after 14 months hit 1661 .
but he also spend 800 games to get there and was constantly asking us for coaching .
and a few are still arround 900 1000 or slightly below they just play to have fun .
but all of them went through a boot camp and if you have someone that looks over your shoulder from time to time i think getting above 1000 is relativley easy .
being a former console person i thought the more aimed leap would be easier than the old one .
the major is not supposed to be a relatable villain .
so why do i relate to his motivations and goal ?
when you look more incompetent than cadorna you really fucked up
i think she could 've waited a day and then laid the law down .
one day as a courtesy for someone traveling all day .
lol seriously and if he 's the beneficiary of your hefty life insurance policy sleep with both eyes open
she 's ss so you 'll have other chances to awaken her .
it was designed by their modestly salaried in-house graphic designer in 2007 .
it 's in need of a refresh now but for a 15 year old logo its held up reasonably well .
i had a table recently with a shellfish allergy .
ok fine we just have a couple items with shellfish .
ok. then i catch him the one with the allergy eating the disk a shrimp couscous .
i say excuse me you said you have a shrimp allergy so i know our chef clearly told you that was one of the dishes you ca n't have . ''
he smiled and said it 's fine i 'm not eating the shrimp part . ''
while the increase in availability of information has had a bit of negative impact on mmos people are still going into new raid encounters in modern mmos mostly or even completely blind .
on the other side of things i still see people struggle with 20 year old raid content on everquest tlps emulator servers etc even though information on those encounters have been available for 2 decades .
i 'm referring primarily to the philosophy of boss design changing over time .
modern mmos love to inundate the player with a laundry list of gimmicks that players have to memorize and perfectly navigate .
mmo raiding has trended towards feeling more like playing osu than an rpg .
i can compare that style of design to a very exaggerated example the avatar of war in everquest .
mechanically this boss was extremely basic even for 2001 standards .
it did n't really have any mechanics other than just hitting extremely hard and having a lot of hp .
but despite a lack of mechanics players had to come up with new strategies to deal with the encounter .
healers had to queue their heals in a precise order and with precise timing to keep a sustained amount of healing on the tank and prevent running out of mana over the course of the fight .
tanks would get one-shot unless they had a cooldown ability activated and it did n't last long so you would have to frequently swap the tank throughout the fight and healers would have to seamlessly move their healing rotation over to the new tank and even with the defensive cooldown tanks could still get one-shot so sometimes this all had to happen very quickly and without warning .
despite the lack of traditional mechanics i think it took something like 9 months for the encounter to be beaten jeff kaplan 's guild was the first to beat it .
it 's still one of the most recognizable raid encounters in eq and the patchwork fight in naxxramas is a reference to it .
the point of all of this is that when the developers were designing this mob i doubt that they had all of these strategies in mind .
they just put difficult stuff into the game and left it up to the players to figure out how to beat it with the tools available to them .
this is a drastically different design philosophy to modern raids which are essentially highly scripted puzzles with one very specific solution that the designer wants people to execute in a very specific way .
these modern encounters feel more like you 're fighting against the team that designed the event than the actual boss itself .
as someone who has experienced both styles it just feels very empty and shallow .
it happens so often and i do n't have much technological experience and i can come a couple solutions .
if the continued attacks and threats of this happening for decades now has n't been enough to stop your country being taken over by theocrats i 'm not sure it 's going to start now .
dry is n't cause they 're big but so boring it 's the same level of input regardless lol .
i 'm no expert but op 's shutter speed is 1/2000s which allows the shutter to quickly take the picture .
upping the iso and having good lighting allows the shutter speed to be quicker resulting in little or no motion blur when doing wildlife or sportphotography .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
daaamn i really like those kind of animation even that it might have no backstory i really would like to see something like a
plot twist the sword was removed from the game a long time ago
you 're creeped by a photo of her dad ?
i think you need time to rethink your life and choices ...
whens the last time you 've been in those ranks ?
i can show you some bronze games that 'd def make you feel dumb for underestimating them .
i think at times as in my case it feels more or less like a bother to ask for advice or i 'm a gt vet but definitely newer to livery design as in uploading svg or conversions i skipped sport .
i 'm no stranger to converting things but in this case it 's a bit more dialed in with perimeters whereas others may have converted hundreds of images specifically for gt .
that 's why people do n't necessarily add the images as they 're just seeing if someone can lend some advice or help first .
however if someone did offer help then by all means i 'd definitely show said images .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexybutnotporn if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's all fine and dandy on paper but what happens when it backfires ?
when food supply is so short you ca n't feed your town for 3 days ?
or the heat can only reach the inner city and your poor ass is on the outskirts trying to sleep in 60^o weather .
you think people would want to pray to a god like that ?
in a scenario this dire i feel like it 's almost cruel to give people false hope .
i 'm believing as hard as i can but why are n't i getting help ?
my child is dying of being overworked in the mines . ''
and that 's when it turns into the cult .
people start sacrificing loved ones to appease the gods in hopes that maybe the temp will go down 10 degrees that day .
i actually do n't know how faith plays out in game i just think the philosophy is interesting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubeviews if you have any questions or concerns .
hamsters otw to only live like 3 seconds of a good peaceful life before dying a horrendous death .
i 'm watching it and it 's peak if not that then see jojo
i studied one for my entire life almost and the message that was spoken to me by many people was basically the end goal is heaven or hell or but what we do on this earth will be judged ... but also god knows everything you will do .
so it gets very confusing for me and contradictory sometimes .
a pm who believes he was chosen by god to run australia coupled with a party who believes they sit in the seats by right .
same placements here except mid and i am the same .
i do n't have to try hard to get over someone .
it 's 'out of sight out of mind ' for me .
any tank currently in service can be penetrated by a hit in the side armor by modern atgm .
tanks are meant to fight with the front towards the enemy .
this means strong frontal protection on hull and turret .
sorry but this comment has been removed since it appears to be about the situation developing in ukraine .
with russia 's recent invasion of ukraine we 've been flooded with a lot of submissions about this but in addition to our politics rule there is nothing oddly terrifying about the situation .
it is a plainly terrifying situation that will affect the lives of many people .
if your comment is not related to the situation in ukraine please report this comment and we will review it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oddlyterrifying if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly because being forced to not use them is better than having them .
when they 're there everyone will end up being lazy and using them .
yesterday after doing nothing all day because of my depression i had an idea for a game that could help a bit p
i thought about raising funds on kickstarter and then publish it on itch.io for free so that everyone can download it .
not sure why i had to fact check that but i did
i 'd love to know how we eliminate the electorial college .
if you want to play this world than making a new one you can take the bushes for sticks look around cave openings for exposed mineshafts and take wood from there .
as they say you punctured a tyre now do n't go out and slash the other three ... .. climb back in .
i would bet money that game time would decrease with a decrease in damage across the board
as long as they 're dressed that 's all that if he wants to wear .
pretty sure he is one of the other cosmere books ?
their relationship is amazing and the world 's most famous tracks and the stormtroopers have been alone to begin with .
they constantly fuck over devs with new useless features or taking down games/assets that are fine but ignore literal pedophilia and child dating on their platform
i did n't realize other serious options even existed .
it 's pretty clear that the multiverse exists within the sacred timeline .
how else are all these variants growing up and making choices that get them pruned ?
the very existence of a different loki growing to adulthood necessitates atleast one other universe existing as long as it takes for that loki to grow up parallel to what we know as the mcu .
and since we see all these other variants working at the tva we know that they are pruned from a universe that ran up to there point of pruning .
kang won the multiversal war and then put the multiverse on a tight leash so another kang could n't challenge him .
the scales have fallen from my eyes mea culpa your pale cast of thought overwhelms my untrained mind etc etc .
this 63 rum ai n't gon na guzzle itself !
al about to submit himself into concussion protocol for 4 months again
i was wondering if this was due to metal mags .
why does the karma on this post keeps going up and down ?
unless you 're planning on using your kids middle name all the time i dont see the problem .
i dont think any of my kids friends even know their middle names .
if it 's going to be used alongside her first name like norma-jean for example you might wan na rethink it .
the reason they might not want to is n't because you 'd match someone else but because it would be copying the art of another artist .
most quality artists take a lot of pride in their work and do n't want their work to be directly copied by another artist so they do n't want to copy another artist directly either .
taking inspiration from another artist 's work is acceptable however .
if you like your artist 's style i 'd recommend bringing this picture and letting them know you 'd like something similar to that tattoo and your artist can draw up something in their own style that includes the aspects you most like about the tattoo in the picture .
you can work with them to get a design you like that they 've put their own personal twist on .
in my early years i 'd bring in pictures and the artists would whip something up without letting me know they would n't copy someone else 's work exactly and i always liked how they turned out .
in addition to housing the multi-phase project is slated to include 5,000 square feet of retail space
small mini mart and maybe some other small store many new apartment homes have them .
and approximately seven acres of new public and private open space for use by residents and visitors .
if they 'll go outta their way to waste my time phishing i 'll fuck with them and lead them on eventually they hang up🤣🤣🤣
my pets do this to me all the time .
i means specifically do not enter exception cyclists '' how did they get there without entering ?
you cant go into a 1 way in the opposite direction and then say its ok im stopping '' lol
ever notice the people who are against abortion are the ones you would n't wan na f-ck in the first place ? ''
i do n't have any money to give sorry but congratulations on your to surgery ! ! !
you can add two red stripes similar to how mauritania had done .
hell yea i totally just did that the first option .
damn y'all there is a gap in the market here
like do they try to stay beside you in tunnels and caves where there 's not a lot of space ?
first of all through god all things are possible so jot that down .
pretty cool your barber was able to match your wallpaper .
every single man i know is absolutely fine with women advocating for abstinence .
we 've turned into a hookup culture and it 's honestly a turn off for guys as they get older .
no susan you were n't a self empowered independent woman .
you were a cum depository and that 's why nobody wanted to accept you as wife material when you were ready to settle down .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
could n't believe it when i found out roxanne gay was gay .
i got a can of red bull from out of nowhere and was pretty damn happy about it aaaaaaand it got stolen by some random intern who was only on our unit for one day for some school program thingy
yea i was looking for some sort of a mess on the floor that the rose person made .
then i thought did op kill rose the pixelated body for the mess on the floor that i still could n't see but then realized oh the floor looks crooked and it clicked that the floor did indeed rise .
that college debt is probably less than what it costs to raise those kids .
how can you say that the writer and director of the movie is wrong '' ?
when the writer and director of a movie makes a factually incorrect statement i hit the little letters on my phone and the word wrong appears .
if the maker of a film says i want my movie to be a certain way or i hope that it will be or i wish that it were i would take him at his word .
if he says my movie is in black-and-white when it 's in color or my movie is about relationships when it 's about explosions he 's just wrong .
mix my old ones sound horrible as i 've only recently dug my heels in on real sound design .
production god yes i have a ton and they are awesome to me but sound like garbage .
i 'm confused is this person actually buying you the shirt or are you just manifesting that they will buy you the shirt ?
also should give context on who this person is .
i understand where your bf is coming from but he communicated it badly by saying he is crazy and bringing up things that do n't relate to the situation buying drinks .
and there 's nothing wrong with your bf wanting to buy you things that is a way that partners can express their love for each other .
i do n't know why you 're offended that he said he wanted to buy it for you .
his organization has also saved more lives than any people in the history of the planet pre-covid .
even though we see a lot of complaints about the diagnosis process some fair some not whatever we really know more now about gout than we did in the past and ... part of that is probably the rise in doctors dealing with gout more than ever before .
if this change was implemented 3m would deal 16.5 more damage which is insane .
also consider that musketeer is already insanely balanced perhaps even above average right now .
and yes there can be people born without conception but cloning humans is illegal .
we can also create embryos from 2 eggs that require no sperm or conception but dna from 2 x chromosomes .
i do n't speak chinese but i know a little japanese .
i love how the japanese have katakana for this very purpose yet the chinese are just going around talking about castle buns .
... uh oh it 's not working for me the only one loose is my thumb my fingers are locked in .
i 'm in 1.01 will get more if we see .93
i should have done that myself too but instead i wasted an hour on each besides a librarian that one took me only 2 tries
we get a t-shirt that says nothing about nursing on it .
it 's says grow create inspire or some shit .
i still think the snare should n't do damage until the prey pulls on it to its perimeter and it should continue to do damage when prey pulls until it either times out or they free themselves from it shoot/melee .
i would just buy a more powerful access point personally .
i recently got my hands on a ubiquiti lr 6 and the range is incredible compared to my old access point at least 3 or 4 fold better .
why not just literally stay out in the hot sun working out or something physical wear no deodorant then go hang out with them !
i hope it 'll be there instead of in the history books with the hot gate of thermopoly
ill see you in my dreams for sure buddy jk
25 and younger ... oxygen does it every time .
35-45 ... a little effort on the womans part .
45 ... .as long as the woman is making an effort and i like/love her it does n't interrupt my nap or my golf game and it 's not within a half hour of my normal bedtime .
i would like to feel the heat of your asshole on my cock
i really would n't base subs or 4chan groups as evidence of viewership .
the overlap of demographics is there but it 's easy enough to determine that it 's never been a high-encompassing swath of the nation that uses forum sites like these compared to twitter metasphere etc .
everything physical i described happened in my own room .
my consciousness leaves my body for a short time .
it is very much like dreaming vivid lucid dreams .
when you have a true breakthrough experience your whole perspective will change .
not many people have the opportunity to explore these areas .
also abortion was legal in the british colonies before the quickening .
coke 's opinion does n't even align with the reality of colonial america .
i agree with your pov but she likes attention she likes flirting .
this may or may not be a problem depending on how jealous/sensitive you are and whether you think this behavior is compatible with a serious relationship .
many would say it is n't since at the very least it 's disrespectful to the relationship .
obviously somewhere because she presumably is not sleeping around so she just stops the pursuit after chatting or does she low-key keep them interested .
i think this the discussion to have with her .
do n't think your gf does n't know what she is doing and what the dudes want she does and perhaps that excites her .
also people who want to fuck you do n't make good friends friends with an agenda just saying .
bs list how is the 7 tun 9th from 2019 not on the list
i do n't play moji but people who play her are always nice to me .
i bet the card processor had to eat that charge if it went through at time of purchase .
otherwise the vendor would n't trust them and use them anymore if they got shafted .
i 've had to hound them repeatedly for a response to anything .
i had a problem with my ghost out of the box it needed to be returned .
any time i tried to use chat during their advertised 9-5 '' hours they were either closed or not answering their messages at all .
on one day the chat window said closed until 2 am '' all day no answers to chat messages .
when i finally got in touch with someone every time they promised to do anything i had to spend two days or more sending repeat email messages to get it done .
for example they promised to send me a shipping label right away '' and two days later i had to email twice to get it done .
then they promised to schedule the courier pickup again nothing for two days and i had to set up the pickup myself .
then i emailed them to let them know the defective scooter was on its way no response again .
i was told we 'll ship the new scooter as soon as we get the old one '' .
i 'm sure that once the tracking shows it arrived i 'll need to bombard them with emails next week in order to get the replacement scooter shipped .
god knows when i 'll finally get the working scooter i paid for .
i only ordered it on the first week of march .
if its in ontario then people most likely not familiar with rta at all .
i would never buy tenant occupied property unless the plan was to keep those tenants there .
as in i will trust adults who know they go to drink 1 or 2 and they 've never done any different .
after 3-4 hours and some water i have see no issue .
tired driving which virtually everyone has done is more dangerous .
it 's the people who know they are inconsistent .
but most adults are n't willing to analyze their patterns .
so those people are n't willing to concede they should n't drive there .
a good ana that consistently hits nades singlehandedly just demolishes this rein comp .
of course you feel that way it 's because you are
your post has been automatically removed as it 's missing oc from the title .
the post guidelines can be found in the sub 's sidebar .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhorny message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fhorny 2fcomments 2fujvdec 2fheres_a_perfectly_petite_body_reveal 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
the point is there are a lot of things that are potentially deadly .
there are way more deaths every year due to car crashes than the flu .
putting any more restrictions on our society due to covid is analogous to reducing the speed limit of vehicles to 15 mph max .
starvation and homelessness are global problems but when they run rampant in the richest nation in all of history it is just plain unforgivable .
i mean i live in burgerland and do n't do that
see notification white thing on every channel with billion messages unread
muștele și gândacii fac cerere scrisa când vor să intre la voi in casă .
can you form yanshen as beikdugang or does that messes up the mt ?
im not sure if your game led you to unify the whole region or if it is solely about getting oversea trade
i had to make another account and i ca n't post anything on a sub until i have 50-100 karma .
that woman could talk her way through the apocalypse while making friends everywhere she goes .
guess they forgot because the finance lady will not stop sending me bills or calling .
my case manager has had to tell her repeatedly to stop calling and sending bills but she has n't stopped .
it really depends on the relationship you had and that 's none of our business .
maybe he would want you to keep it to remember him .
maybe he was n't sentimental and would think that was dumb and you should get what you want .
personally i would keep it even if i never wore it .
worst thing about our code is how fucking unoriginal the chants are
you ca n't control people going afk but you can control the games where they go afk but it 's still close enough to win .
and you definitely can control the games where the enemy goes afk by making sure it 's not one of those close games
good girl i start playing with your tits as we both eat it
it 's what you ought n't to do but you do anywayyyyy
since the door and gandalf 's head you should have the one ring poem on it .
but have the writing on the ring tatted around your arm
get a sales person allow the account managers to remain as 'voice of the customer ' .
otherwise you can erode trust imo and have a single point of failure in the customer relationship .
edit reading over this again i 'm making an assumption that you already have account manager s .
proof trey and matt are probably the bravest people in the entertainment industry
ok smarty there are various shops could be a hardware store for instance !
im trying to decide if i hate it or like it
that was my stomping grounds for almost 9 years .
my testimony was read into evidence '' without objection or i would have had to travel to be cross examined .
all of them were loss of customer identifying data '' type breaches/missing disks kind of cases .
hey op you are supposed to wake up and understand a fever dream before posting .
either that or there are some secret properties of gravitons and electrons i am unaware of ...
an important thing to understand when asking this question is that a rise in share price doesnt necessarily indicate growth .
inflation impacts assets just like all other traded good .
for example if the s p500 increases by 10 in a given year but the money supply increased by 7 over the same peroid .
if u box them out and r able to read the ball u will get it .
that show u get the iq and understanding for making reads and stuff
3. various types of game reps. work on game moves and counters into various types of game shots .
u should just be doing this for midrange tho .
so say u play coming off screens a lot .
come off it like a screen and then make a move and counter and then attack and get into a shot .
4. an in out counter and cross jab r both very effective transition moves .
then once u get to the rim its all abt being able to finish in tons of dif ways .
if u only can finish 1 way u r very easy to stop .
but if u can finish with either hand in many ways extend inside hand reverse floater fingerroll with contact and many types of foot works euro spin bump euro veer step .
another big key is not being afraid of contact .
1 final thing i wan na add is ur 3 pt shot .
u need to be a threat from the 3pt line if u wan na go to the next level .
u dont got ta be elite but u at least got ta be able to shoot it good enough so they respect it and have to guard u out there .
crop tops are way more of a struggle than i anticipated when they first came in style .
i 'm smaller chested and have the opposite problem the bottom hem will often hit too low for the design of the shirt because the designers assumed i had boobs !
a few years ago i dug out about 10 chunks of a desert down to bedrock and slabbed the floor .
in the end my ex did n't even see me as a person .
he saw me as a human-shaped form that either allowed or prevented his access to a bottle .
everything that makes me me—none of that even registered with him .
he was not dwelling on me and my well-being the way i did for him .
this made things easier though no less sad when the relationship ended .
hello raat_beef this comment is applied to all posts with a link to our full rules guidelines r/ihadastroke/wiki/index if you or anyone else new here needs the link .
also if you like discord consider joining ours https discord.gg/ujawses5d9 !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ihadastroke if you have any questions or concerns .
because the other woman could be your sister cousin or best friend that knows you 're in a relationship and still goes after your husband boyfriend so anyway .
source my cousin fucked my long time boyfriend in my bed while i was at class .
yeah but firearms ai n't gon na help against them nuking us from space with orbital bombardment
ever since then i found a label and have around 10k listeners on spotify .
i was lowkey depressed that i 'd spent money on some tracks which i thought were good and got nothing out of it specially when money is quite hard to come by .
i 'm certainly happier now but i 've seen both sides of the coin for it !
my favorite thing to do in seattle is where you get on a warmer jacket and you make your way up the
was n't he a drug addict at one point ?
a shadow the size of ur mom shall appear and destroy everything in sight .
this is what tara has been practicing in the mystic realms
i 'm wary of words like never and always .
you need to make the decision on an issue-by-issue basis .
kept high grades and for the core classes it 's super nice to have small class sizes .
use rate my professor to find hidden gems at the community college .
however living on campus now is just fantastic and you wo n't have that experience at community college .
it is super expensive but i have made more friends and connections in a month then i ever made in cc .
getting an invite to a birthday party or house show and being able to walk like 5 blocks is fantastic .
i would say a lot depends on your finances and the degree your are ok meeting fewer people .
cc was fantastic for me academically but a lonely experience .
i think she does n't want penelope to leave her by getting married .
she 's the most sensible out of her three daughters .
i have n't noticed but yeah that would be pretty rude .
otherwise in a world of monsters finding a stranger taking shelter probably is n't that unusual .
you could have led with a study shows . ''
but also i think sometimes these studies are self-reinforcing things .
did they also test to see if people fixated with other body parts have other issues as a control ?
overall i think everyone has issues and if some boobs get one group of flawed humans through the day have at it .
the other flawed humans will be excited by some other thing .
one thing i do like about elden ring is that i really do n't think there are any truly bad endings .
even the frenzy flame ending has a lot of merit to it .
the world as it is before any ending sucks royally .
sometimes the easiest way to fix something is to start over .
honestly if i did n't pick ranni 's ending i 'd definitely do the frenzy ending .
because it 's the ending that will eventually result in the most change .
the way i see it the golden order is too flawed to rule well .
the rune of perfect order still relies on gods doing everything .
even ranni 's ending does have some bitterness to it as hers is the age of doubt .
but that also means that whatever comes after will be free from those mistakes .
me perdoe por não abaixar as calças pro gringo ganhando um milhão pra fazer o básico e ganhando jogo no melhor estilo abel braga e ser tratado como inventor do futebol 😭😭😭
but earlier studies have also found that the prettiest women seem unapproachable to men so that a more average '' face would increase their success rate .
i have no doubt that behaviour is another important factor here no matter the intention or looks .
definitely not the red tail hawk call they use in media .
tried selling it for 1.5 million dollars and its just an 80s porsche running the thing ?
its an awesome project but i now understand why its in a barn or garage or whatever that dungeon is lol .
i think if one had enough concentration it would be possible .
i 've read that the smaller pyramids were built using telekinesis
then why you stressing it my dude ? ? ?
if the worlds a better place hats off appreciate that !
wait this is n't batman is it ? ? ? ?
it turns on the parking lights and the puddle lights i believe .
i did use reference to see if i could achieve this look .
29 years and no cup is a bit ridiculous .
thank you baby would like to give you a pearl necklace
i know this sounds weird but miwa squad cause id totally also use a spear based trigger and lead bullet combo as well as the use of grasshopper and wires for mid air battle clotheslines
imagine ikaw na nga tumulong nasabihan pa bobo at tanga .
na-experience ko na din yan may nakilala ako tpos mahilig sya magsabi nga bobo at tanga kesa ayusin nya sarili nya sinabi nya pa sensitive ako lels joke lng daw un wag daw ako seryoso wag daw ako judger .
that feeling when ikaw na nga yung dehado eh sila pavictim hahaha
how do you all balance trying to do everything possible to increase your chances without going overboard ?
we just started last month but in preparation i 've been doing lots of reading and research .
but it 's been hard to tell how many lifestyle changes i really should make supplements diet exercise etc .
i 'm an anxious person naturally so while i want to do everything perfect i 'm also worried trying to do everything will become too much .
i have normal bmi eat a well balanced diet eand exercise somewhat regularly .
my cycles are slightly irregular but i am pretty sure i am ovulating every month with opks adding temping this cycle .
i just do n't want to get a year into this process and realize if i had made certain changes it could have happened faster .
we are getting our submitters verified and we have determined
your account is brand new or you are not verified .
your content has been removed until this is resolved .
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mexicana if you have any questions or concerns .
if they achieve their goal they 'll be the first .
i just checked stitcher and the latest stuff all seems to be there .
i changed to another podcast app a while ago but have n't uninstalled stitcher yet .
y'all is great i randomly started using it out of no where .
i bet my protein pistol can outdraw your calcium cannons .
anyway i am politically moderate but ... bring back bush !
paul ryan is a fairly young dude but he was speaker of the house and a sack of crap .
and then you have sanders who is older than trump or biden .
you simply ca n't judge people by their demographic you need to look at their platform and their career history .
edit i take that back somewhat 9 times out of 10 really wealthy people are just bad .
when you make a big sweeping argument like everyone needs to follow one rule that 's when anyone else can also make the same sweeping claim about their side .
it 's a mind your own business unless it 's your own personal life .
and in a practical way what can you even do to try and enforce your views on people ?
all you can do is live your life and do the best you can with the hand you 're dealt .
here in connecticut we have to pay an additional car car tax annually regardless though so i can deal with higher registration lol
if i were in that situation assuming this is applicable i 'd thank the person for creating such a thoughtful gift for me and express mild concern that it 's so fancy i might not have many occasions to wear it as my day-to-day style is simpler .
make it a special occasion piece and wear it sporadically when you can make it work .
it 'll mean a lot to the gift-giver and at the end of the day it 's the thought that matters .
if the relationship continues to progress and other jewelry purchases come into play deal with it then .
edited to add if they already bought it this is what i 'd do .
i think that lr is important but ohters hyperparameters is not important .
so i suggest that just write at ppt about hyperparameters and you say 'lr is 0.001 .
but can you remove the brick before you give u/spiceydog an anxiety attack ?
we want fewer abortions but we also wo n't allow contraception or proper sex ed .
also if you 're poor and you get pregnant we 'll vilify you for being irresponsible .
unfortunately your post has been automatically removed as it appears that you did not include the date of the photograph in the title .
you might also want to check our other title requirements before you attempt to resubmit .
if you have further questions please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/historyporn subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/wali2001 message submission https www.reddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/ulswn0/a_bosnian_man_was_captured_and_held_in_a .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/historyporn if you have any questions or concerns .
this is hilarious facepalm inducing cringe awkward to watch all at the same time..
i'mma throw hands no one beats the fire keeper for best waifu
a good gym body can override most facial defects .
hit the gym and enjoy 10x the roi men receive .
does anyone care for fair play award other than broadcasters ?
do n't one trick pick two champions you enjoy and are comfortable with and get familiar with them innately .
devote your time to learning them to such a degree that you know ins and outs of their core mechanics common matchups desired wiscons and how to play the lane .
one tricking relies too much on mechanics rather than game knowledge which is why you see so many hard otps stuck diamond and below .
the guys known for being a rengar prodigy but he has also demonstrated capacity to play other champions and an understanding for them at other times .
since you 're new the the lane having only two champions is a good way to go to not overflow with knowledge but maintain a breadth of learning so you 're not reliant on how well you can outplay your opponents simply because you have 2 million masters points on a champion .
i 'm pretty sure that calgary bylaws are similar to cochrane where i am where you are required to have 2 off-street parking places .
so even if you do n't build a garage you are legally required to have a parking pad for 2 cars in your back yard .
you 're not allowed to be 100 dependent on street parking and have your entire back yard go all the way to the alley .
and if that is n't a bylaw like it is in cochrane you 're kind of a dick for being 100 reliant on street parking anyways .
wife was bugging me to put the snow shovel away .
excuse me i have to go shovel wet snow .
maybe i should have put the damn shovel away .
the customer ordered 1 banana but meant 1 bundle of bananas .
no matter what i tried i could n't update the order .
that would n't work because it wanted to update the original item .
then i thought i could just refund the bananas and then add item .
then i was on chat with customer service while i shopped .
one time i could n't get back to the chat and i had to restart it .
now java is enabled all the time even after going into the both setting and setting to safest setting '' and going to the about config area and setting the java setting to false ''
however some sites state that java is enabled and other state java is disabled
why is this happening they were meant to fix this issue in the last update .
if we 're being honest this is really the first time he 's played well all playoffs .
they got him because they need this performance from him consistently .
we 'll see if he can keep it up but tbh i 'm very doubtful
one time i had bought the biggest container of watermelon bites that we have in the store and it was like five dollars and i was on my break i sat down and was getting ready to enjoy some delicious watermelon and they were all rotten tasted horrible and i was so mad .
inflation of costs to make sure that insurance companies can stay in business and make a large profit .
paying in general is n't bad but it 's unregulated and inflated and that seems to be the problem
i remember biden saying trump was a dictator for his executive orders .
i thought it was one of the ‘filler ' episodes .
tv shows put one in the season and it does nothing to move the main story along .
30 team playoff seeding based on the previous year ?
thought about doing that but there are 16 agents and only 10 skill levels .
i 'm sure i could convince them that it 's not possible but this is the next best thing if it came down to it .
it kind of makes sense when you realize that because the muggle world and wizarding world are almost completely separate the industrial revolution never really caught on in the ww so things like mass production and the assembly line are foreign to them .
this is why they do n't brew luck potion 50,000 gallons at a time in giant industrial-sized vats and why they 'd get utterly curb-stomped in a war against the muggle world .
bolters rely on rocket propulsion for most of their flight so they have very little initial propellant and recoil compared to a regular firearm of equivalent calibre .
and this is a setting where people fire giant regular firearms without issues from handcannons to heavy machine guns .
as for astartes bolters it depends on the author .
in some sources mortals are gifted bolters by space marines and do just fine sob use essentially the same weapons even out of armor and guardsmen can use looted ork shootas without issues a weapon that kicks a lot more than a sm bolter .
in others marine weapons are gigantic a sm boltgun being the equivalent of a imperial guard heavy bolter and shooting one will break your wrist and send you flying backwards .
but sm bolters are gene-locked so if a mortal tried to fire one out of the blue what would happen would be a 'click ' and nothing more .
i thought the steam .deb package just installed the small steam 'installer ' program when the user runs steam the first time the program actually installs to the users home .
with flatpak or snap i would think the same thing is going on the install location is different .
so the snap and flatpak are more about setting up a proper environment for steam to install itself into .
but i have not explored how flatpak/snap steam installs differ .
did you get any gift from amrit in s2 epi1 after you said bye to killian ?
if not then i think you 'll be fine .
your post has been automatically removed because your account has less than 30 karma .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/firstdayontheinternet/comments/30b44n/could_someone_explain_how_the_reddit_karma_system/cprx7g1 to find out more about karma how it works and how you can acquire it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chiraqology if you have any questions or concerns .
as much as i hate to break it to ya 'll cyprus and greece cousines can not be much different .
all the 'greek dishes ' that you know of are way different here in cy
those same people have their ccs maxed out as well
you 're right in that it 's a bit hyperbolic .
but i truly did n't realize how many old guys they 've got signed to serious term .
like the majority of this team is locked in until their mid to late 30s .
lisa 's not a 10 just like brent is not a 7
of listings 4 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22kitty_dayane 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 0 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20title 3a 22kitty_dayane 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on
as you said in another comment this is where the boundaries need to start otherwise it 'll be with the next issue .
completely understand this feeling as it was fear that got me through a phd after which i immediately checked myself into therapy lol
there 's a theory in psychology called regulatory focus which may be helpful .
according to this theory we have two motivational systems — avoidance and approach .
avoidance refers to motivation to act to avoid negative outcomes and approach refers to motivation to act to pursue positive outcomes .
both systems are governed by different systems of the brain so if you 've spent your life being governed by one it can be good to get in touch with the other visualization goal-setting and inquiry during meditation can all help with this .
in the context of mindfulness and awakening when we let go of fear and instead allow ourselves to connect with our natural passions and enthusiasm in the moment-to-moment doing of life 's activities approach motivation you will likely discover a natural motivation for the things that matter .
ruminating on all the bad outcomes that could eventuate if you do n't study ceases to serve a motivating function because you 're already motivated and so this habit naturally lessens or falls away .
either that or the dissonance between how you 're spending your time and how you 'd rather be spending your time will become too painful to ignore prompting reprioritization of how you spend your time .
the more you meditate the more these feelings of dissonance will start poking you demanding that you make changes when they arise .
the quote from nietzsche goes he who has a why to live for can bear almost any how. this is why natural motivation will always arise for the things that really matter in your life no matter how difficult the actions involved .
experiment with trusting yourself to pick up your books and study when you feel naturally motivated rather than forcing yourself when you do n't and see what happens .
you did n't choose to have them and they are not your responsibility .
be sure you move out when you can because i suspect your parents do n't want to lose your services .
im a guy and i dont get it either .
also i feel like i would just feel wildly uncomfortable being in that place .
germanys policy towards russia at least in the last 2 decades has been naive at best and reckless post 2014 .
but ... a bold high military spending germany would have also been fiercely criticised by the international community given the connotations as outdated as they are that german rearmament brings .
the rain slowly fades in and is visible at the edges .
people still running around inside a burning building looking for the best exit only to realize there 's only 1 door .
i had one that went through 4 warranty replacements until i finally convinced support to give me a different model .
the different model was good for 2 years until it started having major problems and refused to turn on .
the sony unit we replaced it with has been flawless for 3 years now .
just wish they were n't so hard to get in the states .
i also feel like fatin and kirin would either hate eachother or immediately go to pound town .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
... the child is a human being and not the property of the parent .
a child seeking injunctive relief from the government to apply to a parent is similar to me getting injunctive relief on another adult
that 's actually dope as hell ca n't believe im only finding out about this now
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/transporn if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry i am not great at reddit and would n't know where to upload without creating a totally new thread so i have just copied a link .
you can see that my traps are very imbalanced .
this is because i have scoliosis i have got pretty good at hiding it as best i can most of the time but as hard as i try i can not balance out my traps .
i have put a second picture in with a trap flex which really highlights the problem so you can see .
if he 's exonerated he can use it as a stick to beat johnson with as more and more fines trickle in .
if he 's forced to leave it makes johnson 's position more and more untenable with every fine that trickles in .
i was a little leery of the 'we do n't want him to resign ' tories but actually the more i think about it the harder and harder it becomes for them to defend johnson if starmer takes this approach .
it might end up biting them really quite hard .
black people by definition can not be racist because of the power structure of america
i mean ... that 's just straight up not true .
black people can 100 be racist despite being the victims of systemic racism themselves .
one thing has nothing to do with the other .
woah 🤩 you made faputa so pretty i like it ! !
one recent thing can be saas developer developed this saas to quickly ramp up some mrr and sell on marketplace and build next saas .
buyer does n't know what to do with this saas .
the trail of blood that documents crypto-baptists from the time of christ to the reformation .
baptists use this to trace their lineage to ad 100
they already have ad/da conversion built into them as part of the dsp system .
ideally you feed them digital signal to skip over the ad block .
well i have a hundo umbreon just for 2500 league it 's really strong and if you put the elite tm psychic on it then it can even take down poison and some fighting types
sylveon will be good for master but as soon as any good legend gets a fairy fast move charge move sylveon will be out classed in masters by a lot and as a dps
eh they 're kinda dorky but shit can happen and it really sucks when you dive your derailer into your spokes and have your chain saw through every single drive side spoke .
if you can deal with the look they 're cheap insurance
sandwiches hot dogs in the chicken for chicken quesadillas toast as an alternative to butter .
these are your last moments on earth i think ...
i do n't know about the safety situation at night in guatemala city but in general 10:30pm is not horrible as an arrival time .
things you need to take into consideration 1 can my host check me in at that time which could potentially be midnight after customs taxi ?
2 are sim card booths open if i need to buy one ?
if 1 is an issue you can stay in a hotel the first night .
but check to see if the money you save on a late flight still makes sense even after paying for a hotel .
🤣 you got me excited but we still above 400 ya nerd 🤓
depends on how much you want that recoil and what you 're willing to concede for against it .
the kwa t10 ronin recon ml have some of the strongest recoil for an ebb mechanism and also accept tm spec m4 mags .
they are a lot of fun but come with their own limitations and provisions .
if recoil is the absolute necessity consider a gas blow back rifle .
all tackles to some degree lead with the shoulder and the 10 dropped suddenly from another tackle .
there is no way in that split second a player could pull out or change their tackle height regardless of how much control they have .
process through which an originally false expectation leads to its own confirmation ''
will be in and out of work meetings but will try and help as much as i can 3
this is great but how long do they have to stay at the house ?
us paramedics have a similar scope and work demands as the oz paramedics .
the us paramedics are not as educated and perform worse on most metrics outside of small targeted systems like kings county but there job is the same .
if the numbers on this post are correct there are many many people who have the same finger prints .
the 1/64 billion is for any two given people .
i think all carbines are rifles but not all rifles are carbine ? ?
i mean if you dig little holes that are the size of my dick then i can enjoy them too
lol so him running off solo leaving his 2 squad mates is cool ?
when you 're playing 2 vs. 3 right off the bat when you have your third but he 's literally afk all game is not something that should be rewarded .
i 'm think about that next time i drive down e 14th .
but could n't they 've done a better job ?
ichigo is a minor and rukia is over a century old .
this is always the main issue i had with ichigo x rukia .
so i 'd still want her to end up with renji .
no he was trying to communicate with you and it seemed like you wanted none of it .
i was speaking from within a marriage where even if you leave for the afternoon you come home .
if this is ldr or text heavy he could very be chalking this up as a soon to be breakup .
i think he wants to fix this but you have eliminated all of the ways he can .
you should call him and just talk about everything .
not a million apologies i mean like ... a serious conversation about what hurt you .
i think you just fundamentally misunderstand the definition of mental illness .
a mental disorder also called a mental illness or psychiatric disorder is a behavioral or mental pattern that causes significant distress or impairment of personal functioning .
such features may be persistent relapsing and remitting or occur as single episodes .
sadness happiness and grief are all emotions that are perfectly normal for people to experience .
that said when those emotions start causing distress or impairment of your ability to function they 100 become a mental illness .
she applied for the job and basically did the job and hers too for 4-5 months while waiting to hear if they 'd give it to her .
in the end they decided to absorb the position meaning her team went from 3 to 2 and the duties just got absorbed into her role and the guy who was above her boss .
this is what a good work ethic gets you .
and yet they are continuing to fight tooth and nail putting the beats on russians inside and outside the plant these soldiers are fucking warriors ! !
i keep seeing just enjoy that it 's new halo content '' and similar sentiments .
but as we say in the d d community no d d is better than bad d d .
my ea elementalist was at 60m dps at league end and i have a friend who was over 150m .
i knew seismic was a good starter but did n't realize it scaled up so high as well .
i wish i had the option but my biggest issue is that the country i 'm going to has a weird way of calculating your percentage .
option 1 6 act ll 75 school grades 10 11 12 25
option 2 4 act ll 50 1 ap school grades 10 11 12 25
option 3 4 act ll 50 1 ap 25 school grades 10 11 12 25
option 4 2 act ll 25 2 ap 50 school grades 10 11 12 25
i would reconsider going there but my parents are low-key against the idea of studying outside .
do you think all of this is worth it ?
oh and by the way what is act ll ?
i 've done a lot of research but nothing seemed to show up except for act .
but nobody wants to hear boring sage advice they want justification for their riverboat gambling .
have you seen the videos on youtube of ronnie firing in 147s on crusty club tables with balls that do n't look round and cloth that resembles a carpet ?
these players are good so good that i recon we would see them doing what they do no matter the state of the table .
he 's probably one of the biggest names in hip hop as of the last decade you 're not giving him the benefit of the doubt .
he definitely spent a lot of time considering and crafting this message even if you do n't think it 's good .
there is no way i can look at it and think i can see where they 're coming from because it makes no sense .
they do n't want paid parental leave or welfare or affordable birth control or adoption or abortion or free childcare for all .
my concern is that if enough women stop having having sex with their partners they may resort to cheating or sexual assault because they have needs
please message op directly https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=atxplor instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyatx4atx if you have any questions or concerns .
on paper who could argue with it being used to remove truly horrific criminals forever ?
but the question really is how can you remove 100 of doubt ?
what happens if they get exonerated after the fact ?
how do you justify executing an innocent person so the guilty ones also die ?
if there 's even a slim chance that the person is innocent we can not take that chance .
sadly some people in my life do n't care or have the mindset it 's only x .
i always ask them to use the actual numbers .
it 's a common expression i 've even used a different one with the same meaning that you did n't question .
no aur bhi to suni hain ik ki ... ye bhi sun k ignore kro
the very fact that someone anyone is afraid that random asshats can take away their choice is terrifying
that 's doable you just have to find cheaper apartments so maybe try those near universities like in talamban near usc .
i have a friend who used to rent there .
her room is 5k per month with own cr .
it 's a bit small lang but safe ang area and daghan kananan nearby .
basta duol ug schools mas barato jud ang mga karinderya .
edit rooms without cr are cheaper base sa makita nakos fb marketplace naa ra around 3k or 4k within the city nana .
i did not accuse anyone of having a fragile ego .
if you fail to see the correlation with nazism then there is little more to add .
it seems like you do not want to have a discussion just cast aspersions and make assumptions .
i 'm still stuck on a druid a nature priest making undead something completely unnatural .
those odd trees are just fun to look at .
faron is a close second but more because i love how you can easily jump from it right to an area with tons of hearty durian trees .
machado has a higher probability to be in peoples lineups than arenado and hader can only be used for an inning or two .
i love this baby picture 😍😍😍 reminds me of my farm dog puff .
probably not worth it for a cat since they should have breakaway collars for their own safety .
if your cat did manage to get loose it 's very likely that the collar would break off along with the airtag .
my father wrote to me for the first time when i was 19 after having no contact for five years .
i returned the letter resealed with a screw in it .
that was the last contact i had with him before he died .
djenner and bobby chris paul '' portis junior jr. deserve no respect
so the only thing biden can do you 're not okay with ?
i personally crushed trump because he should have invoked the dpa .
we were in a crisis and had a massive shortage .
if he 'd focused on ppe and testing while also working on the vaccine he would have been reelected .
but trump was a big whiney crybaby who does n't like anyone saying anything bad about him .
when people are being mean he pouts and does the opposite of what he should do .
there were literally states bidding against each other for ppe .
all that did was drive up prices in a scarce environment .
remember kushners beautiful line that states should n't count on the national stockpile ?
if you 're not fine with biden invoking the dpa then you do n't give a shit about baby formula and you 're just looking for a lame line of attack .
post your next dumb article about wokeness '' and netflix .
education subject to the whims of the arbitrarily powerful .
it 'd take about 20 years but i 'm sure they could do it
it 's okay we have all the bernie janitors to clean up the blood .
i have clawed my way out of the shadowlands to lead the true hor '' gets dusted
maybe it 's something like adhd where he just does n't remember things but even then it be does n't explain why he ca n't be like oh right i forgot .
as someone with adhd and asd i sympathize with both sides .
it can be frustrating to have the working memory of a goldfish and then have someone point it out sort of like how i 'd assume an incontinent geriatric would feel if someone made a scene over them shitting the bed .
i also know how frustrating it is to constantly have your tone misread .
my best reading giving benefit of the doubt to your husband since he 's not here is this he has serious issues with his memory and is too prideful to own his own shortcomings .
he should be actively working to fix this using calendars communicating through text to help memory retention .
he should be talking to a doctor about his memory issues and what seems to be a very short fuse .
these are not always personality/character issues but can also be medical symptoms of anything from adhd to depression to hormonal imbalances .
he needs to be proactive with his health and make sure there is n't an underlying cause to all of it .
at the same time it seems like your tone comes off rough at times although it sounds like you 're working hard to be sensitive to that and you 're staying level until you feel repeatedly ignored which is reasonable imo .
if he is n't going to start taking his health and/or behavior issues seriously you can not prop him up forever .
it is perfectly reasonable to say hey i love you but i think i 'm making you into a worse person than you could be by enabling all of this .
you need to learn to swim on your own and figure out how to manage your life without a mother .
he sounds like a petulant teenager and despite trying to see him in the most generous light i possibly could i 'm not sure his attitude about this issues is ever going to allow any meaningful change .
i think that 's the longest headbutt killstreak i 've seen .
it is depressing how similar section 28 is to the laws inveigling their way through the american political system right now .
it was horrendous and it took us a long time to work that out .
finally for us brits it 's a thing of the past .
but apparently the americans are going the other way .
they should really fix everything with the pit stops .
started with fruit supply to pulping industries now establishing my own processing unit .
yeah the mba is definitely helping with my management skills and accounting .
what astonishes me the most about these psycho numpties is n't even the fact they 'll explicitly wishing death on anyone who does n't follow the rules of their deranged cult/lifestyle including their own family it 's openly wishing death on people and then wondering why said people do n't look to them as a sound source if medical advice .
i mean come on if their holy blessed masks and vaccines are as wonderful and life-saving as they claim it logically follows they should want to ban the subhuman non compliers from accessing them !
still feels weird that a predator movie is dropping on hulu but honestly looking forward to this one
i have tested at around 50 dex and the uchi still has higher damage .
i was quoting the fextra to you in my earlier post .
great podcast my favorite never listened to it though .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thefighterandthekid if you have any questions or concerns .
tonight in england was an experience i 'll never forget there had been incidents where a humanoid entity was jumping around and randomly assaulting people by scaring them with fire that spawned from his hands and mouth .
the police knew that this was n't any ordinary crook so they called us to take care of the situation .
we told everyone to get back into their houses keep their doors and windows locked etc .
we started to patrol the area for any signs of this fiend believe me it was boring as hell .
minutes later a few of our officers had just been set on fire i was first one to see spring-heeled jack himself atop of a building .
i began to chase him as he leaped from one building to another with only his feet i shot my net-gun at him to catch him but damn this motherfucker was fast .
after an hour of chasing after him i was beginning to get tired which was exactly what the bastard wanted .
in one last attempt i fired my net-gun again and guess what ?
it was timed perfectly the net caught him mid-jump and he landed onto the pavement hard knocking him unconscious .
now that jack has been apprehended by us england is now safe from this monster and do n't worry we made them forget about the incidents and jack himself . ''
i thought about getting a rainbow tie since this year will be my kiddo 's first pride all three of his parents are trans and bi/pan .
but he did n't want to sit still long enough to let me look at the display .
guess he did n't want me giving them any money after i had to return a pack of baby wipes .
target in our area has been good though so i 'll likely pick up some small stuff .
definitely replacing our flags online from a reputable source .
i had a rainbow and bi flag outside but my dog got bored and decided they were toys .
do you mean like a biologically determined gender identity ?
i would n't think so since identity is something which we acquire only from experience although biology may push us in one direction or another
we also provoked pearl harbor by withdrawing support for japan and providing weapons and cash for france and the uk .
did you not read any of my other comments ?
i was more talking about the problems '' op laid out like
like that basically reads like the answer to a write a national anthem '' assignment in a 19th century language arts class .
i do n't understand why they 're taking it so seriously
ed sheeran said last year if he were to do eurovision england would have to be loved again by europe '' .
i do n't want to hear it the refs did everything in their power to hand them the series .
yinzers can take all that cope with them to the golf course .
maybe we deal him after rodgers is done as part of the 2025 tank .
compared to the classical computers we 're at a stage where assembly language is being developed .
it 'll take time for higher level languages that us everyday programmers are used to .
there 's is q but i 've never seen it so i ca n't say much about it .
there 's a talk on microsoft research youtube channel called quantum computers for computer scientists .
my strategy is just hang out on the roof and chuck explosives drag grenades are recommended along with napalm molotovs or throw attractors at remote bombs both work well
talking about these things is really hard and really embarrassing .
looking 12 people who you do n't know in the eyes and recounting your hardest moments is really difficult .
i 've argued with about a dozen other suns fans who claimed that they would n't want to live in an alternate universe where we drafted luka instead of ayton because we 'd be a perennial 4 seed '' .
with luka we would n't be championship contenders '' they said .
you either make berkhqsire care by publicizing all the f'ups
or it 's time to move on and let some other entity run the sport which is what i always advocated for .
i do n't want the lifeboat passangers and other business interest of cf llc ruin the pro sport aspect of functional fitness .
i 'm not saying they could n't come up with an approximation of course they can but i have a hard time believing they 'd be able to keep up with the low price .
the price of a big mac will almost certainly increase relatively drastically even if we ignore how fucked russia 's economy is right now .
there is absolutely no way they can come up with even a usable approximation of mcdonald 's supply chain .
they are trash at logistics and there is no way in hell they can keep the price low with artificial values of the ruble .
how many of these 'my team partner did n't pull their weight ' posts are there ?
you would think their name would imply them helping to conserve the environment 😔
i will be casting on an all of the lights cardigan from joji locatelli the second i can get a couple skeins wound up and i am stoked .
there 's nothing left at the end of the month so any savings for emergencies are impossible .
how does one ignore a subpoena when they are in the fucking building ?
the same way bannon is n't showing up by not going into the hearing room .
he 'll probably make a show if walking past it the day of his subpoena .
he 's going to make a spectacle of it be very clear that he 's in the building maybe do a big vote and still not show up .
this will also really embarass the dems who will not do anything about it .
he wants to show that the dems have no power .
you think this subpoena has some supernatural power that compels him into the room and answer questions .
it does n't and his intent is to prove it .
no it 's about republicans saying democrats are not legimate stewards of government further destroying trust in government and facing no consequences for it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yourrage if you have any questions or concerns .
electric motorcycles are still prohibitively expensive for what they offer i 'm talking about an actual e bike kit with a throttle .
i 'd love another motorcycle but parking is tight at my apartment and my last two got stolen anyway so i 'm probably gon na hold off until my lease ends to get another
i loved that show when it was on sad when it went of the air and miss it still despite binge watching all even seasons repeatedly since 1994 .
or maybe i can make one because i have lots of free time but tell me the version and what mods you 'll want .
ok that is one thing i really wan na know why ''
for me it 's probably close to my daily allowance .
but i do fast most of the day so i think that 's part of what i het so hungry .
do n't do that you need the wood dried .
i feel glad to know the only mbti subreddits i lurk around are the istp and entj subreddits .
its possible he was merely knocked out and later recovered shens last gift implies that the alpha site was briefly reclaimed after the commander was captured so its possible shen found and helped him .
people want equality when it 's in disfavor of them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nofuckingcomment if you have any questions or concerns .
they are both far better equipped to avoid a machamp or blastoise than the competition and to dodge cramorant 's combo .
if anything that proves the point of how strong mobility is .
read in an article that he 's gon na study law juris doctor in univ of melbourne
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hhgshsjdjdjdkdkfkfk .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
these mistakes here are mistakes that were ok to make in the first year we learnt english .
i do n't even know how tf they made these mistakes .
sentence number 18 is n't like even limited by english skills but does n't make sense in any language i can imagine .
i think they are saying do n't buy bitcoin just because it 's in the news .
to be honest their comment is hard to decipher but here 's the story
last week ust a currency on the terra blockchain lost all its value over a couple days .
like if i bought 100 of it 2 weeks ago it 's now worth about 5
ust is/was a stable coin '' with the intention of having a stable price always equal to 1 us dollar .
there are other more popular stable coin projects and other more popular blockchain e.g .
ethereum blockchain and dai or usdc coins both pegged 1 to 1 with usd
if you 're interested in the terra crash itself there 's a lot more info here .
bankless believe it was 1 person who had so much ust that they crashed the terra market by selling at the wrong time ... https newsletter.banklesshq.com/p/ust-luna-meltdown-what-happened ? s=r
this might surprise you but bones actually grow with age
it 's slang to call the original cards scooze so when i finally added one to an edh deck for the first time recently it just came to me .
i had to make this proxy and i do n't care if no one at my tables have a clue what it 's from .
well then by all means copy the specific line here .
after beating the game thrice as of yesterday i 'm madly sure it was a server wide thing .
i had found an early game farm and was technically over leveled and maybe the game smited me for it ?
all i know is it happened to me as soon as the game was available to play online
i 'm tired of constantly being under threat of being gunned down by some random looney who watches too much fox news .
i honestly believe the way i 'll die is being gunned down by some rampaging texas driver with a pistol under their seat who 's had a bad day .
guns have never and will never make me feel safe
god damn i would send you reward right now if i had money you put a simple thing into a whole paragraph i ca n't even do that especially when high big respect and yeah i knew a guy who died from drinking to much water and running
i really enjoyed blade runner 2049 but i went with work colleagues and many of them fell asleep in the theatre .
it 's open source free and you compile it yourself
well you probably dont live in a big city or with a big raid group..
then you have to pvp to get legendaries which then again need stardust .
i only have these decent pokémon because of raiding with others..
use a scale to check the overhang around the piece .
absolutely i 've never seen anything us related being sanctioned after invading half the countries in the planet ... it 's just double standards .
i tried using shift+n but sadly it did n't fix the problem.i will look into the concept of normals .
i did it again by coloring the whole head black then tried to color the eye balls white .
boomer greed is such an uneducated thing i see parroted here all of the time .
i am by no means a boomer but if you think a specific generation is responsible for your problems you are crazy .
it 's politicians and years of next to zero interest rates massive national debt and quantitative easing that caused the inflation problem we are in .
it is 100 economic policy and not some generation of people that conspired to screw over other generations
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nofuckingcomment if you have any questions or concerns .
exactly my thoughts.. why the downvotes man.. just spilling my thoughts
det ændrer ikke på at forældrene og børnene kommer til at have indflydelse på det hvorfor de er nødt til at kunne skelne mellem mand og transkvinde før den efterfølgende debat skal give mening .
hvis man er på jagt efter fisse så hjælper det at kunne overskue hvem der er kvinde og hvem der ikke er .
ja kønskvoter er dumme men de eksisterer og er derfor en situation man kan komme ud for .
man kan også spørge om transkvinders indkomst skal tælles med som mænds indkomst eller kvinders indkomst i opgørelsen af det såkaldte wage-gap .
det er heldigvis ikke et hverdagseksempel for de fleste .
det tror jeg sagtens man i en vennegruppe kan tage stilling til uden at kigge på en label '' .
nu refererede jeg også til offentlige begivenheder såsom kunstudstillinger kun for kvindelige kunstnere .
this post has been submitted by known spam account '/u/cyclonicmoth ' .
this post has been reported to the subreddit mods .
this bot is currently tracking 6326 active spam accounts across 11 subreddits .
not saying there is n't a place that rents but i live in arizona and have gone to cali many times so the mecca for skating is here and i 've never seen a place rent out boards .
is there any reason you do n't want to bring it ?
if it 's a popsicle it should n't be too hard to bring over .
you look like you 're about to murder your tinder date .
i think daniel kaluuya would be an interesting choice too .
the fact that they 're not planning on coming to europe according to the weverse statement and what seungkwan said in a fancall a few days ago makes me kinda mad ngl .
europe dates were the only ones that got cancelled 2 years ago and we 've been waiting for so long to see them .
i know the tickets did n't sell super well last time but they were very expensive compared to other groups tickets for european shows and i 'm sure the fandom has grown these past 2 years .
it 's also probably their last world tour in a while at least with 13 members since they will have to start enlisting next year .
istg if pledis does n't include us i 'm starting a riot .
yes i know but i am mainly into laser rifles alien blasters gamma guns and plasma commando at the moment .
the q50c15c radium is interesting but i am concerned from its vats consumption .
i would be really interested in it if it were b50c15c .
i have some full health crit fixers like jug50c25 and mu50c25 .
and the fact one of the countries is called dementia
you may use your previous contacts and clients when you used to work for some other company .
man its nothing to do with them being irish .
they could be from anywhere and celtic are taking them
that you even managed to respond to the reproach and harsh reaction so calmly speaks volumes to me about who you are .
i admire the way you handled that situation and i commiserate in your sadness/deflatedness over this !
do n't let it get you down you do you !
i would be happy to encounter a jolly rper in my game even though i know next to nothing about wh lore and am in this for the gameplay .
thx for the info i guess its time to give stellaris a chance again .
at least in a few months when the current dlc has been fixed .
that kinda made me lose interest ... jahy is such a meh series
or that time biden could n't drink a glass of water ...
they 'd never stop talking about it if that was the other way around .
we had a woman walk her dog on a busy street .
she had been drinking and did n't look her best .
the dog was barking wildly and she said that the dog was gon na attack her and her husband .
after getting the dog to the vet she got blood drawn .
she was taken to the hospital where she had some internal bleeding .
the dog got loose and her husband noticed it too .
he grabbed a knife and stabbed the dog multiple times in the side of the neck .
it was n't a dog attack the dog was an adult male dog .
no charges were filed and he was released a few days later after receiving treatment for his wounds .
the cpu is not going to be killing you with pf 's like wilt shaq or drob
tho if you want a non heavy weapon alternative to the heir apparent you can use the sweet business with bastion barricades
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out qualifies you for contests .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
maine yeh thodi bola ki ladkiyon ko social media use nahi karna chahiye main toh yahi bol raha hoon ki twerk karti rahengi toh hilane wali audience hi to attract hogi aur kis type ki audience expect kar rahi hain ?
try to introduce the things veeery slowly to her maybe show some reddit content d
mozzicato went three innings had three walks three strikeouts and gave up one hit to the first batter of the game .
when he missed it was usually up in the zone .
his fastball stayed in the lower 90s in the second and third innings .
watching the game i thought he looked his best in the third .
fair and i agree but amazon actively kills people by forcing them to work in unsafe conditions so at least this is better than that
yeah he 's great and i honestly cried when i left that job .
i really loved working with that entire team but it was shrinking fast and the company is on a downward spiral .
they gave him the raise and tried to counteroffer me when i left because they 're down to the bare minimum engineers that can keep things running down from over 60 engineers to 7 or so
so according to you we have to keep braindead patients on life support permanently
nope you 're misrepresenting the argument since braindead patients have no potential of forming a new brain .
dear grandpa_joe836 your comment was removed as you do n't have enough comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/apecoins if you have any questions or concerns .
lmaoo i assumed this would be safe now too .
i recommended that one of my friends to try this instant ban .
guy was special when dortmund won the league in 2011 .
you can find many different kinds just search aquarium air stones on amazon you usually have to order an air pump separately though just fyi .
they are pretty easy to set up and there are tons of helpful tutorials on youtube if you get stuck .
i hope you do and i 'll share a funny re my first time shooting it .
i 'd been craving one while i was overseas and saved up for when i got home .
took my wife to the gunstore and bought it .
gunstore had a range in the back so i picked up a coupla boxes of .45 and went right into the range .
i had n't read the directions tifu and did n't realize it had a de-cock first da semiauto i 'd ever owned so i 'm manually ‘thumbing ' the hammer back down so i can fire with the full trigger pull .
after a bit i hear a tapping on the glass behind me and my wife is giving me the ‘come here ' wave so i can go out and have the gunsmith explain to me bout the de-cock .
official map that i got from the murph himself https i.imgur.com/omaojff.jpg
its cheaper for me to go to mexico pay for a hotel and get work done than to get any thing done here in the us .
plus they tell you exactly how much it will be up front .
implants are 60-70 cheaper and they are made in the us .
to be trasparent i 'm a dual citizen aand speak fluent spanish but still what we have to pay in the us is absurd .
i fully accept that i will never be as cool as him
your post/comment has been removed because your account is too new there is a one week waiting period .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/houstonnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
seriously though if they made a terminator skin i would buy that in a heartbeat .
they already had rambo and john mcclane so it could happen .
what is your theory about rhea ? ? ? ?
she also only spoke french to louis while jinha would sometimes speak korean .
is it why he wanted to go back to france asap ?
the first time i saw a 350z it looked unlike any car i 'd ever seen before .
it 's crazy to think that the only thing next to him is a planet as i 'm sitting on the shiter next to four wall
has sanders given us healthcare reform or a more progressive tax structure or anything at all ?
sure he pushes the conversation in the right direction .
but without other senators and congresspeople voting with him he ca n't get anything done .
but he was n't solely responsible for the aca or dodd-frank or any of the other good progressive legislation that has been passed in my lifetime .
he shares the responsibility for that with his fellow congresspeople almost all democrats with whom he caucuses and votes .
saying he has done more '' does n't even really mean anything in a political system that revolves around consensus decision making and compromise .
really though the obvious question is what is the alternative to voting for democrats ?
you can be sure as anything that socialist candidates do n't get more than a tiny fraction of the vote .
if you are voting in a competitive election you make a choice between the available options .
in purple states that means voting between a republican and a democrat .
and while we all may not love every democrat i suspect most people on this sub would see even the worst democrat as being materially better than their republican opponent .
many of us are extremely critical of him and his policies .
but it 's hard to argue that things would somehow be better if we had a republican in his seat instead .
and west virginians sure as hell are n't going to vote for someone who labels them self a socialist .
you can cry about that all you want you can vote for third party candidates with no hope of winning you can protest that the system is broken and not participate at all .
none of these options will lead to progressive legislative victories .
yep i have maxed mine on my current perma save 🙂
i have n't done any accurate measurements yet though ... plan on doing that soon .
i think it looks pretty good to be honest .
but if you 're not happy study some art you do like the style of .
try to trace or copy that until you have a feel for the way the artist uses their lines .
then once you feel like you have it down try using what you learned from the tracing/copying to make something of your own !
just remember to never claim a copied or traced piece of art is your original piece
not hating on others but there 's so many baby 's that need good homes .
yes it should be obvious to an experienced man but maybe it 's mostly ignorance rather than just not caring .
if you really ca n't bring yourself to say it to him then instead ask him if he can give you oral until you cum .
that way he will start to understand what it takes to get you off .
it 's relatively easy to make a survival game .
you download or create a forest or mountain terrain from an asset store ... and your already 40 done or close to done .
if i strap a .50 cal to a mini cooper does it become a .050 caliber ?
i think this upcoming season feels like the one to start taking things seriously again though .
it seems like howie is loading up to make a run while hurts is on a rookie deal .
talking kelce out of retirement plus some of the big moves he 's made listed above .
jenny 's fake close '' friend in india who had to ask her if she likes coffee so they could find a place to chat . ''
are you taking any decongestants or perhaps hydrating like crazy ?
youtube stream froze in the middle of her speech not sure if it 's my internet several times .
but also apologizing in advance because a lot and i mean a lot of folks from my country would be watching as well .
that 's when i would turn around and never set foot on a french beach ever again .
so far it 's absolved me from over 2 years of commuting .
but the issue is that i do n't want to outsource it to one of their agents i only want a way to access dms only without full access to the account
most shooters register the maximim damage if a certain amount of pellets hit .
in hunt the damage dealt is per pellet so even with hitmarkers at close range one can deal deceptivly little damage if you miss or hit limbs with the majority of the buckshot .
i will try to get through to ac but on the chance i do n't i 'll just hope i am okay !
i unfortunately do not have nexus or global entry so that 's not an option .
first thing which comes to my mind is drake 's birthday and possibly that one date in ame where ! vince injured adam ! .
if you do n't make enough money to max your rrsp then you 're not making enough for rrsp to give you an amazing tax break .
remember if you withdraw anything from your tfsa you are decreasing compounded tax free growth and creating more tfsa room for next year so it defeats the purpose .
instead do n't worry too much you can take time to max out your rrsp .
or can she be less wanting on the sex n stuff
clarification gqp is what i use for all republicans establishment or not .
they 've allowed their party to be overrun with nutbags .
and so long as those nutbags do n't say the quiet part too loud they avert their eyes .
no i do n't understand what you 're talking about or proposing
i 'm not a class traitor if i use amazon .
if there was a local business that did what amazon can i 'd use them but they do n't exist so you can fuck right off .
when i need to get my mind off weed or stop for some reason i work out it 's works trust
next to i dropped it '' earbuds or pens/pencils being closed in the lid are the most common cause of screen abuse in my experience ...
se tässä puistattaa eniten et hänellä on kehitysvammainen lapsi ja imitoi vammaista noin .
id shoot for a 20gal long sliding lids are really handy and maybe a thicker layer of the substrate to hold the humidity better .
silk and plastic flowers/vines are really easy to sanitize and add some enrichment .
if you wan na really ham it up get a small air pump for the water dish my guy loves staring at the bubbles .
yeah maybe we should filter employees by university degree experience and not just experience ...
we 've put a small separator inline to help trap any coolant getting sucked in .
definitely not as good to be honest and i think this is nothing more than noise .
look up the definition of nostalgia we see it as like sort of a nice thing but infact the meaning and mechanism of it are not ...
i 'm glad i recorded it because sandman 's entrance just ai n't the same without metallica
i think a wait line at the pearly gates is a great start to a joke but probably not accurate .
but more importantly you site that as the cornerstone verse of purgatory and it can be left up to much conjecture as to how it really takes place as i think we both agree .
however there is no such conjecture on the trinity for the christian .
in the two passages i pointed out and others .
you should check the latency while in game 1/2 hour .
maybe they wrote a thesis 's which is graduate students version of a dissertation .
dude 's well over 6 feet played by tom cruise ?
just wanted to check if u/holiday_parsnip_9841 was telling the truth 😌
ok but how many of the people getting absurdly invested in this trial were depp fans in the start ?
how many were upset by depp being cancelled because they wanted to see him in more movies ?
the vast majority of you would not even have noticed if depp had never starred in a movie again if it were n't for accusations of abuse against a woman .
k could u pls upvote some of my other comments plz plz plz
i 'm not able to find these products in my country without an translation
i did played only 1 character and i still need anima .
i have every building maxed out with every of the 4 covenants and play daily .
i still need anima to buy kyrian transmogs ember court transmogs and night fae souls that are like 25k each
i closed that clan so that no one will enter .
what do you call a fish with no eyes ?
yeah cas can be annoying but you can spawn your own fighters/cas which is just as good and this post did not mention cas at all beyond the pe-8 comment .
does n't mean germany does n't have the most undertiered tanks at these brs .
i 'll try for high score on scanners when they start measuring g-forces .
i understand the situation these people are in and i know that it can be desperately difficult to get on day to day but taking fuel from a potentially massive bomb ... damn .
this is the impression they 've given me though not confirmed yet so i hope it is n't the case .
europe ranges from absolute shithole to heaven on earth .
mine seem to have published today despite still carrying some data format errors .
paper in the printer toilet paper bag in the bin etc just replace the fucking thing when you empty it .
i used this to shoot at kong or godzilla .
in the page i did it http pkmnquiz.com you dont have to do it .
for example when you say raichu '' both normal and alolan raichu pop up
mmm would love to do that multiple times every day .
i updated it a while ago but i switched it off and forgot to reset the whole thing .
and forgot to ask if i could set my ssdi and password back to what i had set it 😅
if youre wanting 5 guys il drop my mates a message and we can come to an arrangement !
one smirk when asking him about his murders i would have put a fucking bullet in his brain .
i have n't seen the american version at any length but the only judge i really like is ken jeong .
robin thicke should have lost his career after blurred lines jenny mccarthy supported the anti-vax movement and nicole sherzinger is the reason rylan clarke-neal has a career and he 's one of the most infuriating people on british tv .
i have n't seen him on the panel though and i 've heard that he 's pretty bad as a judge .
24 in einer sehr ähnlichen situation wie du danach hat es sich schlagartig geändert .
10 jahre später bin ich mit der liebe meines lebens verheiratet und habe mich genügend ausgetobt um mir sicher zu sein das dass auch so bleibt .
ich erspare mal weitere details das mein fazit und auch tips für dich sind folgende
es bedeutet du musst an den punkt kommen wo du in den spiegel schaust und dir denkst ich bin gerne der mensch der ich bin und ich möchte nicht mit jemand anderem tauschen selbst wenn ich könnte . ''
lerne dich kennen sei dir gewiss was du magst was du nicht magst was du für ein wertesystem für diese welt hast .
und wenn das noch nicht passt dann versuche dieser mensch der du sein möchtest zu werden .
statt verkrampft zu daten werde dir darüber klar was du gerne machst wofür du leidenschaft empfindest und tue das .
verfolge diese leidenschaft trete in einen verein ein stürze dich in die community fahre deutschland weit auf messen oder tuniere .
ich garantiere dir du wirst früher oder später unverfänglich frauen kennen lernen die die gleiche leidenschaft haben wie du .
und mit denen du dich darüber stunden lang unterhalten kannst .
man ist nämlich immer leidenschaftlich selbstbewusst und locker bei themen für die man brennt .
eine bittere erfahrung die ich in jungen jahren gemacht habe .
versuch nie so zu sein wie du glaubst das andere leute das gut finden .
und wenn das andere leute nicht sympatisch finden dann ist das so .
du wirst leute finden die dich dafür schätzen das du authentisch und ehrlich bist auch wenn du ecken und kanten hast .
ich lese das du schon durchaus mal auf frauen zugegangen bist .
you miss 100 of the shots you dont take ''
das alte meme do you even lift bro ? ''
als ich angefangen habe ernsthaft kniebeuge kreuzheben und bankdrücken zu machen und nebenbei laufen zu gehen ist sowohl mein selbstvertrauen als auch meine positive wirkung auf frauen durch die decke gegangen .
geh am besten zu einem kraftsportverein und lass dir die techniken genau zeigen damit du kein verletzungsrisiko hast .
schau dir den film hitch der date doktor '' mit will smith an .
da kommen viele der sachen vor die mir extrem geholfen haben .
so sind die meisten menschen single weil sie einfach nicht oft in die gelegenheit kommen partner in unverfänglichen situationen kennen zu lernen deswegen tue was du liebst
emoji 's are just utf codes apps and websites will read them as such and replace the graphic if they have that system in place .
if you want it the other way around as in those emoji 's on your phone then you are out of luck if they are not included in a standard .
an emoji send on an android phone will not show up as the same thing on ios if its not standardised and both phones support said standard .
i think jana 's failure to launch is for one reason now .
someone has to be a parent to the kids who are still at home and it sure is n't messchelle .
i think she 's waiting for them to be old enough to take care of themselves .
josie could well have died from that seizure she had if it had n't been for jana .
she 's the only one who has consistently mothered no leaving home to start her own family and cares for them and they 're her responsibility .
unix time is the real deal all other formats are inferior as they fall apart when you have to include timezones .
i just realized that hades did n't even wear the eye mask during this fight .
depending of context it 's either an intimidation option knowledge about weapons or in some cases such as this one showing your empathy towards soldiers cops mercs etc .
choosing this wo n't fail this quest as someone here suggested .
you will get bad ending only if you ! take too much time to complete this or if you fail to finish optional objective .
feel free to stream yourself doing a dj set or creating dj tunes !
please remember to observe our rules https www.reddit.com/r/redditsets/about/rules before commenting .
if you want to help out our wonderful team please apply at https apply.rpan.co.uk
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsets if you have any questions or concerns .
4 papers would be super unusual in my field .
do n't think anyone from my phd year group had a paper by the end of their phd .
i guess it 's dependent on the field though usually anything i touch spends two years just in peer review .
i started my phd in 2016 and i 'm submitting what 's likely to be my only first first author at the moment .
i envy the waifu collectors they always have choices on who to pull meanwhile as a husbando collector it 's nice that i do n't have to buy primos because i always have enough saved for that one and only dude released but sucks there 's no other choice but him .
your submission was removed because your account is less than one day old .
if you feel that your account is older than one day please contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marvelmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
the link works on my laptop in chrome but does n't seem to be working in baconreader on my phone .
we 'll look into it sorry for the inconvenience .
shakedowns should be standalone posts and not done in the pinned weekly post .
when you create a post asking the community how you can lighten your pack we recommend including the following information .
by doing so you 'll get a lot of necessary info out of the way and receive much better responses !
2 weigh all of your existing gear and put it into trailpost www.trailpost.com or lighterpack www.lighterpack.com do not build this list using manufacturer advertised weights .
if you 're doing this go back to step 1 !
3 do you have a goal base pack weight bpw in mind ?
bpw is all the gear you 're taking on a trip minus food water and fuel .
4 what 's your budget and what are you looking to replace with this budget ?
5 are there any pieces of your existing gear that you are attached to and will not shed regardless of our advice ?
6 what region and seasons do you normally hike in ?
do you have any trips planned that do n't fit that mold ?
7 do you hike with others dogs significant others close friends not-so-close friends ?
8 do you have any anxieties or uncertainties about ultralight gear e.g. tarps instead of tents quilts instead of mummy bags etc. ?
how big a plunge are you willing to take ?
for more information on what ultralight is please check out our wiki .
it will fill your brain with all the knowledge you need .
here is an easy template down below that can be copy and pasted into your text submission .
include the location of where you hike in the title of your post .
location/temp range/specific trip description insert response here how many days is this trip ?
insert response here any gear you can share to cut weight ?
u/brave-farmer has flair 0 swaps new user paypal g s only
to avoid dealing with banned or unqualified users do not deal with anyone unless they can leave a visible comment on your thread .
once transactions are completed payment has been sent and/or all parties have received their items please follow this guide https www.reddit.com/r/knife_swap/wiki/confirmingatrade to confirm the transaction and increase your count in your flair .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/knife_swap subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
please take a moment to review the sub rules .
this is a picture of the knife with your handwritten username and the date to prove you possess the item in question .
at least one photo must include the knife open as well .
your prices should also be in the form of paypal goods and services if you are under 25 flair with any fees included in the price .
if you have over 25 flair all methods of payment are allowed .
all your prices should include the shipping costs unless international shipping is requested by the buyer .
please do not remove prices after an item is sold .
please wrap the item in characters to strike through the text instead .
any want to buy '' threads should use the weekly stickied wtb '' thread .
if you 're looking for a price check please use the stickied still available price check '' thread .
if you 're looking to sell edc gear that 's fine to do here as long as there are more knives in your post than gear in both value and number .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/knife_swap if you have any questions or concerns .
they finally decided to have a spine and tell these entitled hipster sjw 's that work there what 's up .
if you work there and get a paycheck then for 40 hours each week your time is their time .
you do n't have to like the content you work on but if you do n't like it your options are to either deal with it or quit .
i ca n't imagine working on a project at my job thinking ya know this sucks .
i think i 'll publicly denounce this and act like an entitled baby in twitter and demand that my employer coddle me and get rid of the project so i 'll be a happy baby again ''
it might be meant to be a flow guide but like it is barely doing anything .
unlike hai who even in defeat reaked of smugness .
the mc chooses to pursue cultivation instead of a class despite the fact that everyone considers cultivation to be a waste of essence .
later on he gets to pick a 2nd cultivation path and picks one that is considered completely useless for combat purposes but finds ways to use it to great effect .
yeah i wasted sooo much money on my first character .
i 'd do it heaps differently second time around .
every one of those pieces should be individually dipped .
a more experienced relative suggested using pure castile liquid soap instead but i 've been too afraid to try .
i just hose them off and wait for ladybug season .
another thing i tried last year that worked pretty well was putting calendulas around my veggie plants .
the aphids seem to like them more and the calendulas were hardy and easy enough to grow to keep them away from my more precious plants .
does it seem like our feedback is being heard though ?
we were annoyed when americans did n't learn the language of their s/o 's and had to rely on translator apps the whole time because it seemed like they just wanted a beautiful foreign trophy .
and now we have kara who speaks fluent spanish and patrick who speaks portuguese and goes back and forth between english portuguese with thais .
we hated the weird catfishing non-stories that dragged out forever and were just weird like of nail tech cesar and ukrainian maria and of mmmmm david and lana .
do n't think any more of those are happening this season .
so this makes me feel like my complaints are making a difference .
you could also be completely right and my post might prove your point entirely 😂 i will continue to complain regardless .
yeah pretty sure we are going to see a lot of similarities between the 70 's and the dot com bubble .
once this bottoms out though we are going to have the best buying opportunity of our lifetimes
update apparently the feature was never really meant to be supported on any pre-t2 macs and apple did mention that on their website apple.com/macos/monterey but some models 2016 12 macbook 2017 13 macbook pro 2tb3 as far as i 'm aware of still ended up having the feature enabled somehow before the 12.4 which ultimately removed it from all pre-t2 machines it seems
i thought the unusual base atk was intentional to compensate for the fact that it could n't be refined and that it would be the first universally good '' offensive 4 sword .
you have given white chocolate krawk coin to user 'trucjes ' .
if i was playing arty i would drop my op at arty .
it 's just another issue that does n't affect anyone who does their due diligence and research before making a purchase .
i have n't bought a single ea game where i regret my time spent .
these were my last 10 ea games purchased not in order
all of them were massive successes in terms of my enjoyment and some those who have left ea released to become an even better product .
like you should do before every single purchase you make in your entire life not just gaming .
what does n't is how i convinced myself it would n't do what i wanted it to when i first thought of using colour mapper .
nothing is more efficient at messing you up than your own brain .
turns out guys also do it to other guys .
mmmmm id enjoy it more if i was fucking you senseless
notice how the initial feminist asian man bad angle did n't garner the reception she wanted so it doubled down with the asian man are bad at sex white supremacist angle
cali kings are narrower but longer than a standard king .
source bought a cali king and ca n't find sheets to save my life .
i 've been putting my hair in a bun piled on top of my head all the weight sits on top instead of pulling on my scalp and it feels better .
my first alterations appt is the day after memorial day .
i 'm also trying to lose a little weight but my dress is stretchy so i do n't have to worry about getting it taken in too much .
i 'm just trying to get it done early because everything for us has been a logistical nightmare so far .
i have a womier k87 and a keychron c1 for comparison .
both are gateron red also verified by peeking under caps .
for some reason the k87 feels noticeably heavier to press .
thank you very much for your response i 'm going to be sitting this out and maybe fly out at a later date .
how do you manage to get enough calories into you usually ?
as new to all the foods i can and can not eat due to being a new diagnosis
click the link for your chance to win one of them !
do n't forget we have an active discord server https discord.gg/battlestations
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/battlestations if you have any questions or concerns .
accelerating the world 's transition to sustainable energy can wait the babylon bee must be saved first and foremost .
how many people do you think die to police every year in the us ?
how many do you think were actively trying to harm someone ?
now he is so morally upright to be in a position to report other child abusers .
goodman says julian wanted to rebuild it not for the sake of the jews but to spite his erstwhile christian co-religionists he knew that christians believed that the destruction of the temple was a sign of the veracity of their version of the religious tradition they shared with jews and if the temple were restored it would undermine that argument . ''
yes lots of examples of misplaced optimism '' for want of a better term in the old days duck and cover '' being another one
alright thank you for your replies i really appreciate it .
do n't call them out but do hop them as you 'll have plenty of time to prepare .
at some point he might realize you 're a bad wheel to follow .
r/onlyfansbusty is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbusty if you have any questions or concerns .
we are here to ensure you live in luxurious comfort .
i think an ending where lee and haytham both confront connor which ends in haytham killing lee with the hidden blade as he is about to shoot connor would be cool then if this happened haytham disappearing forever would be more likely than him joining the assassins
and if we do n't add to the attack we will absolutely struggle to fit top 4 .
i use my rewards for different products but mostly new ffm when they drop .
i 'm not upset that i wo n't be able to use the rewards on other stuff but i 'm disappointed that the threshold amount is higher .
after sas i was planning still planning to spend less with them while still being able to get the rewards .
now i 'd have to spend more to get them .
it comes with the physical version of the game it comes with the physical version of the game it comes with the physical version of the game
i think he might be able to keep up with asta 's speed and dodge his attacks
i hope hopper is less of a miserable entitled asshole this time around .
i really missed that season 1 energy in 2 3 .
a big race near me made the women 's 3/4/5 free with a 1000 purse to 10 spots and upped the purse for the 1/2/3 to 3000 to 15 spots .
i read somewhere that an average onlyfans income is about 180 a month .
so it would seem vast majority of them do n't really make anything .
read the original comment at the start of this thread .
a lot of people who fall for their best friends are n't looking for sexual compensation for the friendship ... being in a relationship is way more validating with someone you have feelings for than just being friends .
but if this was meant as a disagreement with anything i 've said i do n't understand how .
taking some time apart to move on and process your emotions does n't equate punishing women for not sleeping with you .
are you under the impression that anyone has claimed otherwise ?
would n't waste my time on a unsuccessful retaliation .
ah thanks for that clarification i just did n't know if dead labor in the form of capital had to have an exchange value to qualify as such .
i only really posed the question as a pure hypothetical for myself to try and understand marx and value theory better from some fellow comrades .
obviously not the most pragmatic but still interesting to me nonetheless .
it 's more that the rich have better lawyers than the government .
so yeah they could go after the rich but the cost/benefit ratio works against it .
add to that the fact that there are solutions to that problem but we lack the political will to fix it .
pintru cî din câte am citit nu există încă o linie care să unească moldova cu rețeaua europeană care are capacitatea necesară pentru a acoperi necesitățile actuale
yeah malcolm mclaren carefully crafted the whole image and also he completely ripped off the zombies .
it says it 's a small fee but when i go to the ramp it seems like you have to spend over a hundred bucks so you can deposit as well .
why it is concerning it is just a thought no matter the rate it comes to my mind ... just let it go
idk what he charges for a sampler pack but his other prices are good .
this means if you want to have two wallets a loopring and a gamestop wallet .
you will need to activate the separate gamestop wallet like you would have done with your orginal loopring wallet .
but as the loopring wallet connects seamlessly with gamestop you do n't have to create a separate gamestop wallet unless you really want too .
filip kostic cucurella sosa perisic pedro porro if emerson stays as backup lwb
you 've just put it into perspective for me what a horrid landscape .
so many f2p games competing for the same apex fortnite cod deserters .
even my favourite mmo lost its place after it 's sequel '' release it 's been holding 3k on steam which is just enough to keep it afloat with the in-game matchmaking systems and server spread .
maybe rc will fall into the same fate of others in that it 'll be held together by a few faithfuls who keep supporting it .
this is the shape that let others recognize me as myself .
this is this is and this is as well .
everything is merely a description not the real myself .
everything is simply a shape a form an identifier to let others recognize me as me .
if you just want the flavor and will use it immediately as in the next few days then just toss in your peeled garlic and oil in a blender and go to town .
strain it or filter it if you want it clearer and keep it in the refrigerator for no more than 3 days .
you can add in other herbs and stuff too .
now if you want to keep it longer i 've followed the instructions for acidifying garlic from the university of idaho extention and it 's worked flawlessly every time i 've used it maybe 5 or 6 times .
never got sick and am still alive and well .
the oil turns out amazing with their recipe and procedures so you do n't have to worry that you are going to sacrifice flavor .
a word of warning though these are n't instructions to make preserved garlic in oil .
it 'll last a few months in a pantry but because of the introduction of all the other stuff in the oil the oil is going to go rancid much faster and it wo n't taste very good much past that .
additionally neither the oil nor acidifying process preserves the other ingredients if any of your herbs or garlic come out of the top of the oil you will grow mold .
it may not be the best jumping in point but i read the last ronin story by laird last week as my first intro to tmnt comics .
4/5 stars and recommended if you want a nice 5-issue contained story .
broja and gallagher are the attacker and midfielder so it 's not too bad honestly .
also 150m is probably enough to replace rudi ac and get a wingback .
i know people love to be pessimistic here but i really think we will be better next season if we do n't run into injury trouble .
or are you too much of a coward to publicly state that you believe people should have to starve to afford medicine ?
i was just glad to hear that a very popular lama and transmitter was n't concerned about people going crazy '' from receiving transmission .
i 've been tempted to cancel my plans too but instead if anyone asks what 's wrong with me i 'm just going to be honest lol .
i 've had the same rn do my botox every time so i have no idea why it went weird this time .
think i 'm going to put my money towards fancy facials and treatments instead .
this post was removed for rules 2 3 7 and 9 .
i think that wildly overestimates russian weaponry given the past couple of months .
i mean their pilots are resorting to tomtoms for fuck sake .
there isnt more correct way when i type in ticket whole fucking essay with 10 links of profiles on which one guy plays on it some players are that dumb they name their smurfs similar as their mains yet they are still not banned instead faceit support puts my ticket on solved '' after 5 minutes .
even their stats should be enough for faceit support to see they are smurfing surely level 2-3 account with 100 hours of csgo wont have 30 avg .
god forbid you open thread here because you are getting downvoted instantly by other smurfers who are fine with faceit doing nothing to prevent this shitfest .
i been telling ppl that if they thought boros sounded bad that is probably just that they just do n't like dubstep/neuro lmao .
i think a lot of us did n't even notice how far it leaned into basshead territory for its aesthetic theme because we often accept sg style as encompassing so many things that we forget their choices still have inspirational roots .
i was surprised at first at the sheer texture setting something for sg ik but very quickly fell in love with the sounds and sonic techniques i forgot that i used to really enjoy .
leave it to darkie to tap back into those otherwise dormant facets of our relatively unexamined personalities .
funny whenever i see pics of her kids i do n't see good souls .
i see sullen faced untidy kids running around destroying everything as if it 's a mice infestation 🐁
its not that hard its just played insanely fast in some sections .
i learned it for about a week and was able to play it on like 80 speed
i 've had 2 people recommend the 519a so i went ahead and ordered .
i went with antique brass 18650 body cyan button backlight clip magnetic tail cap 519a/w1 .
please give us some time to get to your post it has not been deleted but it has been temporarily sent to the moderators for review .
we 're looking for new volunteers to join the r/lgbt moderator team .
if you want to help keep r/lgbt as a safe space for the lgbtq community on reddit please see here for more info https www.reddit.com/r/lgbt/comments/swgthr/were_looking_for_more_moderators_to_help_keep
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lgbt if you have any questions or concerns .
they give you the mats for the stb ones though so those are easy .
if you do it in a very thick birmingham accent yes .
messing with the cpu while powered on can cause damage so no wonder it does n't work .
lethality cant talk about that or its considered an opinion ''
if you are interested in gauge theory you should just read the paper on yang mills on riemann surfaces by atiyah and bott
and if you bothered to read the next line you would see there are n't ways to do that for internal systems
these calls can come from anywhere so its not like you can blacklist/block whole groups of numbers
the only downside is that it 's 5 minutes long where i tend to stick to 2 minutes max !
just think of the tryptamine analogs as different strains of mushrooms.. if nobody told u u would n't be able to distinguish from real shrooms .
it 's so satisfying to absolutely destroy those fuckers with colossal strike weapons
apparently you ca n't read to comprehend which is something i sadly ca n't help you with .
if he 's truly unhappy he can divorce her himself—so how is he stuck ? ?
ohhh okey okey yeah i tried to do it a long time ago but it did n't work .
detonation means you cause damage equal to current health of enemy ship .
even if it 's caused by single secondary battery hit like in this case enemy just had to be at exactly that amount of hp and no the ship was n't full hp because it would n't be able to detonate only ships under 75 of maxhp can .
i lived 14 years in the states and i 've always been pro guns mainly to fight back against tyranny but looking at the situation you guys should n't have access to them ofcourse but the tyrants ... you guys are the ones electing them so that 's on you .
sure its not fair for the responsible gun owners but it seems more unfair for the elementary school kids dodging the bullets .
issue is do n't forget the logbook also implies the events of 4s nights being during or after 1993 due to mike drawing up nightmare/nightmare fredbear .
so the easter egg '' could n't be just a mere easter egg .
i imagine that must have been a huge shock at the time navy being a big east powerhouse .
i got out the car put down the burger and side of taco bell and just went on a walk .
that walk turned into many more walks and just reminded myself one step at a time .
fast forward 3 years later have a great job and getting into best shape of my life but the first year all i did was walk around the neighborhood .
it 's a journey with many ups and downs .
for me i am in a down month started drinking too much again everyday hit my head gave myself a bad concussion ct scan and all it 's getting better and i am planning on going on a walk this afternoon to get back to the up months .
and i live in one of the most dangerous cities relatively speaking .
working with isp 's to test connections ... they always suggest using iperf ...
we could guess the reasons ... the potential list is endless .
i 'm not trying to stay logically consistent because i know my emotions play a part in how i feel in each case .
did you know klaus schwab 's father was one of hitler 's right hand henchmen ?
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
really feels rewarding gon na hit plat soon with 2 games played 👍🤣
i use my vamps for tanking earle/wendigos because i am extremely flammable and for rad rumble because my vamp fixer is ffr .
i also have a little vamp explosive pyro crusader that i use for friendly fire if my teammates are lazy or are n't paying attention to themselves .
you do n't suddenly become poly and excuse all your omitted and secret actions anymore than you turn around and say well i 'm gay . ''
and expect that to excuse sleeping around with your gender behind your partner 's back .
like it ca n't be helped to want to fuck someone but it is a literal choice to go out and actually fuck someone about it .
fucking people is n't a subconsciois reaction like heartburn after eating a bunch of spicy food .
swinging and open relationships are about consensual sex play with others and by consent i mean yours .
you can not consent to swinging or open if you literally do not know about it .
you ca n't consent to a relationship dynamic change without discussing it .
he agreed to be monogamous with you and occassionally engage in consented sex acts with you .
he broke that agreement when he stopped caring about your consent and he 's now using a term wrong and hoping you 'll be ignorant with him so he can do whatever he wants .
at best he thinks polyamory is a fancy word for open sex relationship and absolute freedom and disregard of anything because it 's an identity not a choice '' which is bullshit .
regardless ... you do n't have to agree with anything anyone does .
if you do n't like what 's happening you do n't need advice or coercion into accepting it .
he sounds like a giant eye-roll with a dick .
it 'll be painful but you wo n't be dealing with a lying loser anymore .
clearly an r/neoliberal dog whistle for wanting taco trucks on every corner
i 'm sorry i ca n't answer that for you .
all i know is that the oxfdord 10 is 6.3mm and worsted is a little on the thin side but it works .
i would think for a 5mm needle you can use yarn in categories 3-4 dk light worsted aran afghan yarns .
i do n't know about bulky the only way to find out is just to try i suppose !
a threat is still a threat even if it 's an empty one .
lowry walked into rileys office with miss fat booty playing and riley was down for it
did he drop you for holding the door open ?
you just suck do you even read what you type how is me taking major damage in a super that 's meant to keep me alive down to my skill as a player ?
i used to do master vog templar runs and jesus christ you could n't be more wrong unless you were on or over level then you could die in a well even before the changes to solar and then you still had to keep moving .
however that was due to the level and modifiers .
you should n't be taking serious damage in legend nightfalls while in a well because it 's lower level content it 's not meant to be incredibly hard .
im dying ojos de miel is a very specific color and theirs are not even in the ballpark .
vodka with propel water or if i end up at a bar a screwdriver .
you are absolutely not a bad mom if you stop .
you are a great mom for even making it this far .
with your son being so close to a year i would call your dr. and ask about transitioning to whole milk .
you could go cold turkey or mix it in with the milk you do express .
there was a period where my son was biting me each feed for a few days and i told my husband if it continues i 'm pumping and we will be done direct nursing in the day time .
it was making me feel scared to nurse and at the same time starting to resent baby for biting me .
our mental health matters too and being bitten while you nurse hurts .
it 's perfectly okay to wean for the mothers need too and if your son is biting you so frequently maybe he is telling you he is ready to wean .
i would imagine to help with engorgement you would want to pump and then the next day pump a little less and then a little bit more less and so on .
i 'm mainly posting their comments here so non delusional people can discuss them without getting massively downvoted and suspended from reddit for no reason .
you really have to pay attention to the volume at which conservatives speak on issues .
the existence of homosexuals and historical racial discrimination causes a big ire amongst their base than literal children getting gun downed in classrooms .
we will look back to this point in time and wonder how anyone could ever deem this rational .
they would be but this game has been done before .
the us escorted oil tankers in the persian gulf to protect them from iranian attacks during the iran iraq war .
bc he most likely is trying to play basketball as its played irl ... with ball movement tricking the defense with player movement/offball screens actual post play maybe even not just pump fakes ... ya know shit that some/most of you kids have no fucking desire or clue about how to execute
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
there is a difference between the schools '' responsibility vs a teachers responsibility .
a teacher is not paid to put their life on the line for some kids .
based on you saying mt airy forest means i 've probably run across you in the wild 😂 .
most people around these parts are a lot cooler then this .
if you feel like there has been a mistake please send a modmail to the mods and explain the situation to us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/edmproduction if you have any questions or concerns .
and approaching this from the same culture as you i really think you should go visit your parents and talk to your dad about it see if he can talk to your fil and knock some sense and decency into him .
i do n't care how close friends they are or tradition i know my dad would never think it was appropriate for a man other than my husband to be in the same bed as me .
we just recognise we are lacking in depth in some positions and are missing key players .
we 'll be back to our best soon but we just are n't there yet
that you are unable to see the disadvantages of orm ?
i guess you are correct given the situation that something needs to be done and that is a pragmatic approach .
it 's just seems bizarre here in australia most schools do n't even have fences around them .
the worst thing that can happen to kid is that it gets hurt on the climbing equipment !
perhaps there is n't a solution to the gun problem .
once you have that many weapons and people who have an attachment to them it 's going to take 50 years to make just the attitudinal changes .
unbravo i think it 's definitely weaker than bb and bcs but serves as a good conclusion to jesse 's story .
i felt that it could maybe have been half an hour shorter but i enjoyed it .
if there are any issues or rule breaking please message the moderators or the modmail https new.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nudes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
there are a few methods but the easiest one to explain is run length encoding
what happens is the computer looks at the screen as lines of pixels if there are multiple of the same pixels then the computer groups them together
there are also methods which remove colour variations the human eye ca n't pick up on ect but i hope this helps
tbf if patches really wanted help he should n't have been fucking us around for over 10yrs .
i didnt even know he would beg til long after i had killed him .
as soon as i heard his voice and saw his bitch ass i used the dragon claw slam attack to break his guard and 2 handed my claymore .
there were eye witnesses of him carrying the shells during the battle and he was able to carry them probably because of the adrenaline of the moment or it could 've been hysterical strength .
it 's ok i 'm an american our cars do n't start unless there 's a fob and a gun inside just get a spare gun down at walmart and that light will go right away .
one of these days i 'm definitely going to get deep in you .
a koffeintartalma is joval kevesebb mint a kaveban plusz van benne l-theanine ami nyugtato hatasu igy a koffein meg annyira sem ut be .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freeonlyfanspromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
not the type of amber heards lawyer that 's for sure
i totally agree its a load of crap to scare you .
i know its too late but you should n't have told anyone why your kid was not going to be at school .
they ca n't do crap if your kid is sick but since they know its for a wedding its a different story now .
ansonsten alle die helfen in die gedankengänge der anderen einzusteigen und darüber zu diskutieren dixit codenames teamwork ...
i was trying to order an a6x on the gorrilascribe website today but i could n't add an item to the basket .
are orders disabled at the moment due to the backlog ?
dementia joe does n't know where he is most of the time .
it 's not quite boiling but a nice warm splash of piss works just as well in most scenarios !
i was hoping that it unlocked something extra for those playing since day one but i do recall that during the cafe etc .
im actualy asking becose i say the 2 way diffrently .
thank you for explaining instead of sniping at me .
i was trying to be genuine and did n't know i was misunderstanding .
same thing if u do not vote broker would vote for u as management recommended ... which make everything easier .
hahaha screw the in laws they can wait to find out !
but then you have to sell it at a 30 discount .
i 've never actually seen a centipede in person before tonight so now i can chalk it up to insects with more than 4 legs '' thought it 's honestly closer to insects with more than 7 legs ''
i 'm in my mid-30s so i 'm not sure how relevant my taste might be to you .
i think it 's great i 've blown through all the dark comedy on the current rotation flowers was a gem and they have curb your enthusiasm .
i like language learning so i enjoy how many international shows there are on there .
the sci-fi is a bit meh unless you go international .
i 'm pretty sure they had foundation on there though i remember watching it in good quality instead of on dodgy pirate streaming sites .
tonnes of nordic noir definitely a plus if you like atmospheric murder mysteries .
if you are lgbtq there are some good shows for you there too comedies dramas and the like .
there are some nature-art films on there too with absolutely no people in them !
god do n't you get so tired of human faces plastered on absolutely everything ?
ca n't even have a show about other animals without having to talk about the majesty of the human being at some point .
ok i get it we 're obsessed with ourselves can i look at some bears now please ?
some of them are n't so great quality for instance the vast majority of nature shows are about the african savannah and focus on lions hunting and mating like we 've all seen a thousand times .
you may have to sift through a substantial amount of shit to find the gold .
so for someone like me who does n't collect media unless it 's mind-blowingly awesomely good that i 'll actually spend more money on it to keep like the tarkovsky-grade dren i think netflix is a good option .
i hope you are able to recover from it .
if you upgrade that infotainment system with a bigger screen that can show google maps and play music over bluetooth maybe with a backup camera it 's not even worth changing to a new a5 model .
i got the b8 and b9 and that 's the only thing that 's missing plus the b9 is not touch screen ...
important on r/walkaway greater access is given to users who have joined the sub and have the mod-assigned 'redpilled ' user flair .
reach out in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwalkaway subject='redpilled ' 20user 20flair 20request message=i 20would 20like 20to 20request 20the 20'redpilled ' 20user 20flair. 20thank 20you !
for more in-depth conversations and resources on leaving the democratic party also make sure to join our sister sub r/exdemfoyer .
watch the '2000 mules ' seminal film here https odysee.com plaguerats d/2000-mules c9
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/walkaway if you have any questions or concerns .
underpaying a housekeeper puts you in a kind of zone of danger
listen to better british artists i guess maybe do n't listen to the cookie cutter generic garbage that cooperations churn out to make money which is specifically designed to all sound the same and appeal to the widest range of people and hence sell the most .
there are fantastic authentic american artists who sound american and there are fantastic authentic british artists who sound british .
this can obviously be extended to any accent from anywhere .
i also am tired of the disturbing movies '' trend in his recent videos .
it 's probably great for getting clicks but it 's really weak content .
i think riffing on more reality shows in the vein of predator chronicles would be good content for him
not going on a date or worrying about a woman who 'd do me that dirty
the word shit seems too nice of a word right now .
so you 're going to email this to gamefreak are n't you op ?
i used to think this was the lamest thing on earth and maybe it is .
but we 're all here for the same reason we wan na be good at something . ''
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
her body her choice for most people is a catchphrase for a movement in my experience else it is usually a hyper woke silly person if it 's taken literally .
ovbiously actual politics and legislation is gon na be more complex that that catchprashe only it 's true to a point where that point is is also hard to define but i do n't think you should be able to get an abortion the day before you 're supposed to give birth for exmaple
i love how you thought it was weird but you also decided to take part in it
according to other posts about this this is a super common bug .
a lot of people are stuck and ca n't compete it .
if you 're on steam keep a close eye on the experimental version .
you should definitely write into dhaj again when you 're engaged and i guarantee john will buy you a gravy boat in the style of a fishing boat
official contacts with the pkk and its affiliates shall be terminated .
financial support to the ypg in syria shall be terminated .
contacts with pkk actors in iraq and syria must be stopped .
the lobbying activities of the gülen movement in finland and sweden must be stopped .
the wanted persons of the pkk ypg and kck shall be extradited to turkey .
all activities that endanger turkey 's national security must be stopped .
systematic anti-terrorism cooperation needs to be established with turkey .
banking remittances used to finance terrorist organizations must be cut off .
organizations operating against turkey under ngo status must cease to exist .
these are turkey 's demands not a single one of these is about people resisting him specifically for example pkk is literally a terrorist organization ypg is a militia and the demands regarding the kck are only people who were accused of terrorism or other such things .
the idea of free will is a fallacy for those that believe the bible ... god knows all and can see the future right ?
so free will ca n't exist if god already knows what 's going to happen or knows someone from even the embryo '' creating people some fit for fine things and others for destruction '' .
then how can god be held responsible if he has no free will ?
as said i do not argue for god i am a pure logistician perhaps a realist '' in my exit as a jw .
either god has free will and we do to but can blame god or humans logically consistent chain .
or god has no free will neither do we and we can not blame god logically consistent chain .
we can not both blame god of the bible and not humans as this would define the god of the bible as having free will then creating man in our image '' without that free will the thing in our image '' that is stated .
this would be a god but not the jewish or christian god .
perhaps a muslim or hindu one as an example but not the biblical god '' .
while we can say a god does or does not exist the bible specifically asks the logically self consistent question if a god exists are we to blame for our actions ? ''
and rightfully atributes the blame to the more fundermental question does free will exist ?
you either decide free will exists and take personal responsibility .
or decide free will does not exist and also god can not take personal responsibility as he also does not have free will as like jesus he was the image of god '' colossians 1:15 while also being human he either had free will or did not .
if i 've made a mistake there i 'm happy for you to point it out .
the sun rising from the mountains the winds of the early morning .
the feeling of a world waking up to a new day
you say you do n't want to lose a friend of 15 years and a boyfriend of 3 years but i 'm sorry you 've already lost them .
that 's the point though the government should n't get involved in private matters .
what happens between a doctor and a women should n't be public knowledge or police knowledge .
the government should n't be involved in marriage either .
at the bare minimum if they are going to allow marriage then it should be provided equally .
civil rights are often at the expense of the majority to begin with .
hence why we have a bill of rights to begin with .
the majority do not always have the best interest of the minority so when the government steps in to protect them it 's a positive .
however when the government becomes regressive and institutes policies that negatively affect people simply because of philosophical or religious reasons then it should n't be allowed .
keep the government out and away of social issues like that and instead focus on things that actually need attention .
yeah i suppose raytracing could be a something they could market a pro model around .
maybe even market it around frame rate have the base be a 30fps console and the pro be a 60fps console .
i still feel like something like that would be a better marketing push for a ps6 though .
amd 's chips are also quite behind nvidia 's when it comes to rt performance even now .
it might be another couple years until we see much competitive from them .
onpoint was very negative towards me when i was rebuilding credit .
i do n't have time to explain why i do n't have time to explain .
if you want a link to the cluckingham palace discord lmk
i have anxiety about everything else i guess i should n't be surprised i have healing anxieties too haha my first 3 healings were just so smooth i freaked out when this healing did n't go perfectly .
and ya definitely no picking i 'm good about that one
if warriors ca n't close versus the mavs i ca n't wait to see them against the boston defense .
if you and your pm are not on the same page then forget about it .
you both must agree on things and follow policy .
the killing of the adamawa woman has exposed the hypocrisy of the average igbos .
i remember how my time line was littered with condemnations of the killing of deborah .
few days later non of the hypocrite condemned the killing or killers of that innocent woman by the igbo terrorist .
i would have ignored it if not for the efforts by same people to spin another story claiming it was done by other people to pitch igbos against the north .
u/ijeziepodcast is running upandan trying to defend his terrorist brothers .
have you ever wondered why even the so-called delta igbos do not want to be part of your biafra ?
even people of the former bendel state do not like identify with you .
you ruin every relationship with ego lies trickery and hypocrisy .
plenty of wild videos out of syria and currently coming out of yemen .
this thread has been flagged as not asking for an objective explanation and been removed .
explain like i 'm five is for general concepts not specific problems or things an individual experiences .
questions about your body or things you experience are never appropriate for eli5 .
please consider another subreddit carefully before messaging the mods .
if you believe this post was removed erroneously please use this form https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=link 20/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/uyoa04/eli5why_do_i_have_vitamin_pee_sometimes_but_other 0a 0aplease 20answer 20the 20following 203 20questions 0a 0a1. 20the 20concept 20i 20want 20explained 0a 0a2. 20list 20the 20search 20terms 20you 20used 20to 20look 20for 20past 20posts 20on 20eli5 0a 0a3. 20how 20is 20this 20post 20unique and we will review your submission .
note that if you do not fill out the form completely your message will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
the keyblade you get after beating land of dragons could be lea 's keyblade it fits
its a great way for the government to get their money and for less people to have guns .
i 'll sell you my stinger gt if you can find a gr for 45k
i did answer that in my initial question please do n't take this as being snippy .
i have a much more thorough answer along with the issue above .
also i get these only when i post in r/weed .
used it in new zealand went from 250 to around 50-60 .
i see now that you were just super eager to contradict me .
thats why you read it too fast replied too fast then had to back track and end with no strong argument just a simple i dont believe you . ''
if you ever want to rp this feel free to dm .
saw all the hate comments you were getting that made you delete the post .
just wanted to check in and see how you both were doing .
this whole thing reminds me of my childhood dog .
we had a westie while i was growing up he was often let outside to roam the front and back yard when we left home if we were n't going to be out for too long .
when he was about 12 or so he got under the rear wheel of my mom 's car while we were going out to dinner .
he was smaller and older and he actually went under the tire for a hot second so he was really really hurt .
i 'm sure you have much thicker skin than me but i just wanted to get off my chest that i do n't blame you for this .
these things can happen in a split second even when you 're going slow and watching where you 're going .
as long as she 's okay now that 's what really matters .
i know you 're referencing what happened in texas but really historically that 's what cops have done ?
i absolutely loved the first but the trilogy was just good overall .
i 've actually grown to dislike fantasy trilogies because of how they all have crazy intertwined plots that wrap up so cleanly in the last 3 chapters .
i get that the hints were laid so i 'm probably being unfair but eh .
no i spent three paragraphs rambling about why i do n't trust any one sources interpretation of what the statistics show .
any interpretation on a government website is especially concerning .
i 'm sure the graph shows exactly what you say it does .
i 'm just not sure what data they used to arrive at that conclusion .
anyone can and many people do twist statistics to look favorable .
i guess the people in the church shootings were n't praying hard enough .
im in cuba right now with my 3 kids and wife ... .they sleeping and im on porch enjoying my cigar and beer .
if there are any issues or rule breaking please message the moderators or the modmail https new.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nudes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm just a bot but i noticed you posted same image in r/onlyfansasstastic as well as r/onlyfansasstastic .
the mods tell me that it is difficult but not impossible to have content that meets the criteria for both subs .
since i am just a bot i asked them to look at your post .
if your post does break our rules you could end up with a ban so i wanted to give you the heads up that if this post was a mistake you can delete it now and the mods wont hold it against you .
of course it 's entirely possible that your submission does meet the criteria so everything is cool i just wanted to give you a chance to remove it if it was n't .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfansbusty message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfansbusty 2fcomments 2fuyo9ye 2fyour_new_real_life_anime_sex_doll_has_arrived 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
people keeping their goddamn mouths shut unless talking about saftey training/practices industry standards how to do the job correctly job metrics describing job tasks or describing job related topics .
basically in any labor industry this is not your church an aa meeting your home or a public space .
keep your opinions and personal shit to yourself so people do n't fuck shit up and cost the company money .
too many gossip whore pansy little social justice warrior bitches in the labor industry these days are costing companies thousands tens of thousands and millions of dollars in damages to customer and company property merchandise tools equipment fines injury lawsuits workplace shootings/stabbings/violent attacks workers comp company assets and training hours and materials to avoid these things cause people wo n't shut their pie holes and focus on their jobs .
that 's money that could be given out as raises but noooo ... . everybody 's got ta be a pos with an opinion that ca n't do their jobs right instead .
it 's just a term people use to say unmedicated did n't mean anything other than that
the whole series is amazing reminds me of the phantom tollbooth but longer with more worldbuilding .
the first book is exploring the world the second is a love story hidden by dark themes the third a culinary story hidden by dark themes the last 2 are good but i didnt like them much
i do n't care what kind of music it is .
if i 'm on f5 and a party on f1 is obnoxious then hell yes i 'm calling the fd .
you have just been upvoted by me could you please return the favor on some posts of mine ?
thank you so much looks like i 've got a few to decide from but i 'm leaning towards this .
it ca n't be over just five more days please .
it had another moment where it dropped down to 9 sol again i bought the sol and got cockblocked by holding period .
you see that random canucks fan in the crowd in calgary hold a sign that 's say hope both teams have fun tonight
beautiful whoever wakes up to that face is very lucky .
when i ride my motorcycle in 25f winter weather the wind chill is below and have to have visor open a bit for gentians you can get the same feeling
i use the g290 for ps5 and it works perfect .
also our soldiers got frostbite because we the russians were not ready for the cold
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i was able to surf the msa classic a few years ago .
just me and 5 other guys at first point .
all vegans are white and have no flow confirmed 😔
i think any reasonable person with a normal functioning brain understands this to be brainwashing .
this line about the bear driving has always come back to me .
there is something about a big american party too .
yeah true my first plan was go to community but my grade is mediocre and its super competitive there 😔 i dont have a chance ill be wait listed forever
i think it was a difference in dealer fees bc these guys did not charge any but i also paid msrp plus all the requisite fees and it made a difference ?
i do n't see any other reason on the quotes honest .
it was a 3 dollar difference biweekly but i had added 1200 in accessories .
now it 's a 8 difference after removing the speaker upgrade .
although i 'm still wondering why we pay for the lock lugs if they come from factory ?
i 'm sorry you did n't get a bow .
to be honest that was pretty fun walking into my appointment and asking ‘is that one mine d ' .
and everyone that comes to your profile can see the nasty comments you 're leaving in this thread .
if golarion disappeared is n't that super bad news ?
does this sub not call people who drive bro-dozers elitists who impose their lifestyle on other people ?
needs to be changed to owning either of these things .
i 'm same hight and weight as you are .
so should i go for size s or m ?
same crap that 's at my target went to today brand new stocking .
let 's not go that far pj stock could barely count by twos and tie his shoes
you could still email there hr departments read about companies internship opportunities .
oh man did n't realize how beat up the back was .
even if it were as easy as you make it to transport firearms to hawaii there still needs to be a known record of you having that firearm .
my dad actually lives in hawaii and is a gun guy '' although one of the liberal ones conservatives think does n't exist .
he actually had to give up a few guns before moving there including a mosin-nagant i was a little sad about because it was a fun gun to shoot .
thank you for sharing your cultural background and way of historically approaching such matters .
this sheds a different light on the issue for sure .
i can not profess to understand or that state that the way i may or may not handle similar issues is better or worse than your approach .
i sincerely apologize if i came across from a heirachial ideological perspective .
i guess to simplify the matter at hand and answer '' your question from my own personal point of view look at it like this if it feels icky then it probably is .
trust your heart and believe in kindness and compassion .
you are loved and respected for who you are .
thank you for your dialogue and i wish you many a happy days to come .
bro at level 93 i had maybe like 10 grand on me lmao ... you 're doing a lot better than i was in those days
you can add a check constraint on a text column something like
add constraint sex_check check sex any array 'made ' 'female '
people want more tournaments yet do n't bother thinking about how hard it is to schedule tournaments when leagues are on going .
not to mention because fans want it it does n't mean the players do .
for all we know they might not be interested in traveling for events nonstop .
also having more events does n't mean it will be a good thing .
edit although covid is n't at its peak anymore it is still something event organizers have to take in to consideration .
the way events are at the moment seem fine .
you want to make it to an international event ?
you ca n't go the with the modern aspect of tournaments like in european football for example because there are n't many teams simply enough to make tournaments function properly .
they will either have to make all the regions send two proper teams even the smaller ones or go on with what they have .
ofc he is maybe even the best of all time .
xiaohu is the best player to ever touch this game .
het probleem is natuurlijk dat die speler minder er dan niet gaat komen .
als wij als grotere clubs die kunstgrasclubs willen overtuigen gaan argumenten als ‘het moet gewoon ' niet werken .
zonder de medewerking van alle clubs kunnen we geen kunstgrasverbod doorvoeren hè dan moet je dus een compromis gaan sluiten .
een andere oplossing zou zijn om het tv-geld eerlijker te verdelen maar dat stuit ook weer op weerstand bij grotere clubs begrijpelijk ook zolang de bedragen zo lachwekkend laag zijn .
like i 'm so sorry these starving beings are annoying you by trying to eat trash .
what was it like someone controlling your toy without communicating with them ?
haha i rarely very rarely use reddit to toxic for me xd and most of the time rude people so i prefer to do my own research and then if all else fails i try reddit
actually doing stuff like this would be a symptom of this illness .
ca n't drive a stick but that 's just me being me
those were the times where we 'd have fun with really simplistic games 😌
i totally forgot about the stupid twin flame '' thing she used to say all the time .
then she got into astrology and tarot cards because it gave her the perfect reason to be a shitty dysfunctional person .
i 'm not dysfunctional i 'm just a sagittarius !
i 'm very interested in medical gameplay cargo hauling and bounty hunting or rescue missions .
1 railen ca n't immediately melt because i upgraded to it from an mpuv referral reward will have to contact support
4 talon ca n't melt ccu 'd gladius referral reward will need to contact support
i also have these ships through the referral program but only see them in-game not on website so i can not ccu them
i currently have 221 prospects outstanding and 34 referrals .
meaning that i fully expect to hit the next reward tier soon-ish which consists of a cutlass black hornet avenger and aurora ln .
the piece i would love some advice on is this i recently found out that the railen does not have pilot controlled weapons .
i know stupid lol so i 'm looking for a new cargo ship and i would also love the apollo but i also do n't really know what version .
seeing that i 'll get a lot of ships through the referral program i could melt all ships i currently have to put those towards these 2 ships .
i heard that the corsair would be a good all-round ship as well
thanks for taking the time to even read this lol .
reward counters are n't shared in proving grounds you can farm all conquest characters at once you do n't need to choose .
relic 3 in proving ground when they easily could made it r5
you can get every character without money it just takes time
this game has quite a nice crystal income for f2p players makes hoarding easy
new tiers in assault battle to get more relic materials
changing the gac system from gp based to skill rating now you do n't need to keep your gp low letting you upgrade bad factions because you like them and also helping your guild more in tb
removal of squad arena crystal payouts due to shard chats it was impossible to stay 1 because the placements were planned
change the requirement to sim gw i needed to finish it before the changes
keep being the pessimistic whining crybaby you all are .
obviously you will say now none of these positive things are enough or you search for other excuses trying to ignore the positive things .
or you will try to make each positive thing into a negative one .
this game is trash everyone hates you blah blah blah we know .
just quit playing then or why are you playing if this game has nothing positive ?
knock on the door and tell them to stop shaking the trailer ig
and the green bin is usually 1m away for normal rubbish .
i posses the ability to hack into the mainframe and bring back your powers stronger than ever before
is mc ko jab bhi message karo 3-4 hr baad reply deta tha .
scomo failed them so now they need to make voldemort seem more approachable
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason
if you feel that it has been removed in error please message us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/ksi subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20/u/tf2good message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/ksi/comments/v0um9r/ha_ha_deji_bad_im_funni 3fcontext 3d10 29 so that we may review it .
tbf are 30th-week viable fetuses not expected to recover ?
to clarify the argument brain waves with regular patterns typical of adult human brains '' is different than no brain activity . ''
by the end of week 5 and into week 6 usually around forty to forty-three days the first electrical brain activity begin to occur in fetuses .
it 's just not regular patterns '' by the measurements .
the hell kind of standards do you have where cameron monaghan is ugly ?
no the african child did it as a magic trick just like this guy .
do you make jokes about stabbings whenever you see a video with a withe person because the uk has a knife crime problem ?
yeah actually yes the same way everyone make jokes about school shooting is us .
you need to have serious mental problems to be offended by a joke or do you think everyone who makes fun of gun violence in the us is racist ?
you have to be brain dead to think someone is racist because of a joke .
if you have a problem with a joke the problem is you and you who need to change .
if you will stop fapping allah taala will give barakah in the things you have remembered for exams and you will pass with flying colours .
make a firm intention of appearing in exams with whatever you are able to study or memorize without touching yourself .
it will seem hard for the first week but you will be able to rewire your brain and will be able to memorise like a normal person after the first week lower your gaze and dont eat too much sweet things and junk food .
not only you will be closing doors of barakah in your efforts but you are destroying your future sexual life as well .
imagine standing in front of your wife with a flaccid penis your job/career wont help in helping you perform in bed .
i really doubt stain knew about his family btw he just did n't like him because he did n't get the real meaning to be an hero ...
but how else would this proud citizen of the fattest country in the world hunt and feed his starving family ?
your entire life revolves around being on reddit and shit talking ancaps wherever you go .
you should just be able to set it up and leave it running .
you definitely do n't need to shut it down when you go out to work .
there 's a penalty system but it 's mostly very small penalties for example the amount you lose for missing an attestation assuming the rest of the network did n't miss at the same time is the same as the amount you gain for making an attestation .
if you can keep your node running correctly 99 of the time you should be making nearly as much as you would if it was running 100 of the time .
the big penalties are if you make contradictory votes which generally should n't happen by accident the only place you need to be careful is if you migrate your validators to a different computer or piece of software .
the software you 're using should have clearly defined steps to do this so you should just need to follow them .
it 's also possible that there will be some kind of gruesome software bug that ends up penalizing you but that 's something that applies to big staking pools as well as individual stakers .
shield bashing is the strongest build since it it solves the ac and fragility issue and uses the static damage bonuses study target sneak attack best .
now let 's see how badly vb 's zenkai screws over the current meta
as long as chiz votes in a certain way and is n't just a rubber stamp in the senate then he could have his uses .
the bills he votes on and the committees he is part of will probably have more impact anyway .
cups no cup requirement team power higher than 3k is recommended though mostly to keep up with wars
war optional but must use all flags if you opt in
the wild hunters is a fun and chill alliance no pressure on your roster/cups requirement .
being active is important since this game is a long journey but expect us to help you out everytime you need there will always be someone in the chat to talk .
players looking for a place to grow or players that have been playing for a while but need a different home are most welcomed .
we are friendly and supportive so expect a heartwarming welcome once you join in .
chat is in english although we have players from around the globe including usa portugal serbia croatia mexico germany australia and more !
feel free to join the alliance and check things out or contact me here
and i have no idea where you got that idea from
i 'm a big a fan as it gets of both those 2 and i 'm sure it would be great .
but though this whole period of okada domination punk away from the business aew founding and possibilities with njpw punk 's return etc i do n't really recall much can you imagine cm punk vs okada '' at all ?
that 's like the dream match bandied around the dominant best in the worlds of the past decade .
personally i still put tanahashi/cena as my number one dream match .
i still hate that the spoilers when open are bright asf in dark mode i can never see what 's written on them and ca n't find a solution
was hyped up to be similar to new vegas .
now look at what mods are available for that game and explain to me why it seems so limited .
if unreal is as capable why do we not see any games made on unreal with the same kind of mods ?
if it 's not the engine then what else could it be ?
i had n't had the chance to play that and began to look into it .
it seems that obsidian unfortunately never released any official mod tools for the game .
this means that aspiring modders have a massive barrier to entry as they would need to manually download the engine version used to make the game or build a custom version from modified source code and find the aes key up to 725 bytes used to encrypt the packed game files to cook modded .pak files that can load from the mods '' folder .
this lack of developer support in modding means that simply cracking into the files to add custom content means that anything that is n't a simple .ini edit or shader injection requires a huge community effort just to get modding to a baseline level of functionality .
that barrier to modding likely means everyone would just go back to what already works .
one game i regularly play that gets frequent mods is a hat in time which runs on ue3 .
it has a very active community that makes many level mods and some of the more ambitious mod makers are currently in active development on huge expansion-sized mods and the developers just started a program to hire modders and give to the resources to create official post-launch dlcs using the tools everyone is using to mod the game the first of which being a fully functional online pvp mode for a game that only had online features as a basic social aspect with minimal network syncronization .
i unfortunately can not find much information on more recent unreal engine games that have developer-provided mod support .
everything else is based in community efforts during the last two years to break into the files and make tools for other community members to unofficially mod unreal games and it seems that it 's mostly common with more recent games that have active communities discussing them mostly fighting games where they just make cosmetic and audio mods though there 's been a few gameplay overhaul mods by some particularly ambitious modders that want a game to feature characters from other games .
it 's a shame how rare official mod support is .
ya plus i get the feeling replicating some of those mechanics in unreal would n't exactly be easy .
like their whole npc ai system that they have going on .
not saying it 'd be easy nothing in game development ever is but unreal now has a system called behavior trees '' which is designed to streamline the creation complex video game ai .
i commonly see it brought up in discussions by developers looking to make stealth detection systems with notice seeking and give up '' behavior behavior phases when the ai detects player movement and it is often used to have combat ai make decisions that adjusts based on different contexts .
the official kit allows you to pretty much change anything in the game within the capability of the engine .
however it 's also things like the script extender which further enhances that capability .
i was n't aware that community-created tools were necessary for a lot of bethesda mods i 'm unfortunately very much out of the loop on the topic .
researching it i see that bethesda even gives early access to certain modders that make community tools so that they can make sure that mods that rely on those tools can be ported over to new games/versions more readily .
i can easily see why the creation engine is perceived as being very flexible with how bethesda makes an active effort to support the community the way it does .
pause when it 's butt is toward the camera there 's nothing around the base of the tail .
i know this sounds ridiculous but it 's probably some way of saving their asses if they get sued .
it 's like when medication boxes mention every side effect .
never really was a fan of patterz and adrive but this video showed me i am not a purple cliff fan lol good video though
i 've got 200 hours in beat saber bitch try me
you are my dream girl 🥵🥵 babes you have so perfect tits 🥵🥵
mmm tasting that mouth ... ... . feeling your luscious nipples stiff against my chest your nails raking my back your hips bucking under me your tight fleshy pussy working me urging my rigid cock to give it up in you
parking your bike in the therefore designated area is something the government should actually be paying us for if you ask me .
especially with al the braindead urban designers and their love for non-functioning bicycle stand varieties .
if a functioning bycicle stand does n't look nice in the public space you designed you fucked up .
should have started your design with bicycle stand an build the rest around it .
i feel this just had to buy a new pack last night !
recalibration just makes your next 10 games give/take way more mmr that 's it
this is done to help enforce rule 3 crediting work and increase visibility of the source .
if it is your own art simply state it as such .
if you do n't reply to this message your post will be removed under rule 3 and we 'll ignore you even if you complain in modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/beastars if you have any questions or concerns .
hmmmmm im sure the name village idiots would fit a team of competent and skilled soldiers ''
but if you 're in a relationship with a good person who is great to you respects your boundaries and never forces themselves on you and you constantly reject them because of your trauma is that fair on the so ?
yes i think it 's always fair to turn down unwanted sex .
this is true whether you have sexual trauma or not .
your partner is always free to leave the relationship if they ca n't handle having sex only when you want it .
their feelings about you choosing when to have sex are not your responsibility .
as my dad said there 's nothing more stupid that a worker who supports the right
and american soldiers who were sent to iraq and afghanistan are heroes not war criminals ?
start reading the high republic books it will give you a headstart once they start making more series and movies in that era
i mean i knew you like katy perry but that 's way more then i expected
i know that this video did n't break here right now .
so yeah i think it 's not a good idea by the uaf .
i often have the feeling that they 're giving away too much of their game with these countless videos of russian hardware blowing up .
it made sense at first because you really needed to get the message across that yeah ua is landing hits and yes they can win this thing .
but now the downside of letting the enemy learn your moves outweighs the morale boost imo .
thats true i did n't account for the canyons and lava
and i just upgraded to the noctua nh-d15s dual chromax so im good on cooling might need a new psu but i can pass that onto my daughter
the sub is anti anime and if they somehow managed to get control of a state and they would start executing weebs
good thing the authorities placed volumen hydrargyrum in front of the painting .
nobody is asking for all the guns to be taken away .
i do n't think you 're making the argument you think you are when you mention one off baseball bat attacks .
give me a call when 19 children die from a baseball bat wielding psycho .
do you think the police would have hesitated going after a baseball bat wielding man inside a school ?
like they waited an hour last week to go inside after a gunman .
you 're so emotional about wanting to have as many guns as you want you do n't care who or how many die for the privilege .
i have a hard time believing you are n't a troll honestly at worst you 're a troll at best you 're not looking through a wide enough lens .
how can your response to mass shootings be yeah well a guy with a baseball bat did this and there 's knife attacks .
because yep that shit happens alongside the gun violence it 's ignorant actually its fucking entirely stupid to assume the gum violence would be replaced with knife attacks instead and to the same volume .
it 's got to be one of the dumbest takes i 've ever read .
the 3rd one seems plausible 59 to 19 is unrealistic
if she was truly rich she would be living in a mansion and buying top of the line things .
everyone would know she was a millionaire because she flaunts her money even now .
these photos are n't even taken at the same section of melville drive .
the parked cars are near jawbone walk i 'm pretty sure and the static bikes are near boroughloch walk .
they can afford the fee they do n't want to match his arsenal wages and torreira wo n't take a pay cut
that i still have to have a monthly period even though i 'm past prime child bearing age and do n't want any more kids .
kids are always the excuse with yeah but you do n't think having kids is n't work ? it is but after 5 they are in school all day long and it 's usually women who insist on having them or their life is unfulfilling .
it 's a choice it 's not death or taxes .
guys never think about this till divorce when the it 's our money”really hits home .
70-80 of divorces are initiated by women with depending on the study money being the number one or two factor being listed .
i would do it all over again without question 9 years post surgery .
do n't expect it to be all easy but it will be well worth it .
to be honest it 's just practice in my opinion .
i think noone is naturally gifted '' regarding confidence to play around others not even famous musicians you see everyday .
i am self taught aswell although i played the piano for a while now and i was kind of in a similar situation .
i started playing one or two tunes in front of close family and friends and mentioned that i was just practicing helped a lot for me .
and then i moved on to more distant friends .
at some point i even took my guitar outside and played on a field where noone was .
and some day i was playing in the city with a lot of people around on a friday evening with a lot of drunk strangers so much fun tbh because they all did n't take it seriously and just ended singing along .
so i think it 's all about practice and challenging yourself to get out of comfort zone but always step by step !
be sure to stop by our discord https discord.gg/cantek9zey .
if you 're underage your post will be removed .
if you 're really young and looking for a daddy bye bye .
if you 're an of seller only and just here looking for money we 'll remove that too .
we 're building a community not a shopping mall .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bimarriedmen if you have any questions or concerns .
that sounds like she agreed to his rental date proposal because she needed some quick cash oo
i 've seen this film loads of times but i must have totally missed this part .
it was the same guy that invented the word bologna
by definition the best team is the one that wins .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/okprietenretardat if you have any questions or concerns .
the us attacked japan completely unprovoked and japan then invited germany to just cause a whole bunch of chaos until germany suffered an economic crisis and their leader went back to austria who became an independent country once more and applied to art school before they went to war again and confusingly enough called it ww1 ...
if you take lim n inf of 1 2 you will get zero since n grows slower than 2\^n
i 'll be interested to see how the gameplay loop is in diablo but i think it 's gon na overlap enough with this that the people who do n't make the switch are 1 huge fans of ghibli/ni no kuni aesthetic and score and 2 whales who are heavily invested in this and are n't gon na switch after just a week .
i agree that boric acid is a miracle cure .
i used to have yeast infections 4x a year sometimes i needed oral and topical prescriptions because over the counter would n't work anymore .
i bought lab grade boric acid online and started to make my own suppositories by buying womens probiotic capsules opening and emptying them out 1/3 1/4 and filling the rest with boric acid .
as soon as i felt an episode coming i 'd use a suppository before going to bed for 3 nights in a row .
i have n't had a single yeast infection in the last 15 years .
hello chez lidl and co y a les mêmes produits qu'à carrefour and co mais moins cher je comprends pas ta remarque ?
y a du la laitière du chaussé au moines etc ...
that 's what i did bought an oem ducktail style and it blends in seamlessly .
knowing that people wo n't take me seriously because everyone knows him .
first seen here https redd.it/u2eehy on 2022-04-13 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' v1kws9 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=v1kws9 samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
it 's a jab at european union and it 's free market on labor and goods .
tbh if sweden switches to euros over my dead body ... i 'll probably be dead when it happens in 2150 i 'd also continue to convert to krona .
the problem is it is n't a mistake because the fact that he pointed out is real the only problem of that is he pointed out a bit more harsh but it still is n't a mistake .
i still see a load of fun builds depends on what people are going for .
had a enchanter lee sin recently a ap lucian stuff like that yet at the same time the balancing has just made some builds non-viable .
because enchanters deal less damage or take bonus damage it 's not beneficial for them to build anything but enchanter .
mao 's damage done and damage taken means his e spam is n't as viable as it used to be so tank is better .
nasus double stacks means ap is basically troll build now .
i 'm actually not looking at him in the tuchel/klopp perspective .
mainz has had many shit coaches in the last few years that anyone who uses klopp or tuchel as benchmark for mainz 's talent '' factory has n't been following .
i 'm stating bo because he found mainz in relegation spots and dragged them to 8th .
he also used a system that i believe would best work with us .
thank you it 's going to be a fun trip out
definitely in my top 3 game boy games as well .
statlander will be fine just because of that ovation from friday .
apparently statlander is a long term project from what i 've read .
hayter ... well i hope tony recognizes how good she is .
it was encouraging that he put that match with storm after seeing online buzz for it .
lol ... .i guess the us would reply 'we got headaches all round on that subject .
we dare n't mention the word 'border ' right now .
frankly we 're liking the idiom 'out of sight out of mind ' right now .
that 's why i included the disclaimer it 's a bit of a limitation with the data i had .
i will look into generating new data that checks that two drivers have been in an actual race together for the same constructor rather than just the same constructor in the same season .
noah and mari hosted a game show i think .
but yeah they 've known each other for years and some of them even appeared on the podcast well after they left smosh so unless any new things came up i do n't see why not
erm i feel like this is reaaaaal close to the cp line
about 300 orbs average every month when the new calendar comes out someone makes a post with the calculated estimate .
please remember that reddit requires all identifiable information such as names usernames and subreddit titles to be blacked out in images https www.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/360043066452 .
if your submission contains any instances of these kinds of information please remove your post .
afterwards please feel free to make a new post after editing your image to black out all instances of such information .
if this message does n't apply to your post please feel free to ignore it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/antinatalism if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to get my hair bleached and i 'm really into vintage clothing not exclusively the 50s but i do dress that way .
while i never did the marilyn hair i just had a cute bob i used to get told i looked like her all .
anyone who does that gets the same comparisons i swear .
i look more like marilyn than jasmine does and we are n't exactly twins to begin with !
i think 175k is a lowball offer becuase cost seem off .
if you were bidding on a house from a stranger with no offers low balling could make sense because there will be room for negotiation and people may not be too upset becuase they just want to sell .
a low ball first offer with someone who you have a relationship could be interpreted in really bad faith and you do n't want that .
lowballing your sister is just going to make her think you are not being fair and likely complicate this process and create a lot of resentment which could stall things or stop them entirely .
she can force a sale via a lawyer and thats always an option for her .
that 's also going to be very expensive and drive up your costs very significantly so i 'd argue that a more fair distribute or more fair first offer to buy out cuz 175k is low is also in your best interest becuase you will have signficant costs if she doesnt cooperate .
i 'd get a professional involved including an appraisal becuase they are neutral 3rd parties and be very transparent about why you are offering what you are offering .
i game the pro 4 wood and it is longer than any other fairway wood i have ever played .
occasionally those things are a blessing 'unlocking ' all the doors and taking care of all the zombies for me .
sometimes they also unlock some stuff that i would prefer to be locked away like nurse bots that i do not want wondering away ... or the skeletal/kevlar hulks in the armory !
no it does n't look permanent of course visiting a dermatologist is best i think perhaps changing ur hair schedule may work that worked for me also using ayurvedic oils
as an older american woman addicted to c dramas after nif which i rewatched again in 2022 i now understand from your article the diluting '' of quality and artistic style .
each year it gets harder and harder to watch and enjoy these fluffy or cardboard type stories that are replete with the aroma of censorship .
i will never forget the butchering of royal nirvana .
we are all living in an era of political dominance treading on independent human rights i obviously live in florida .
we just have to persevere and save '' our ideas and thoughts for the next generation .
yates and pinot both falling flat at nearly the same moment was such a shocker .
i still remember this as one of the brutal gc endings in a long time rivalled only by roglic 's loss to pogacar .
edit ack never mind i see the amazon listing .
yes if you 're willing to wait seven years .
sunset is dogshit if they dont remove it then they should n't have removed 2cp because its just as bad
the shitty type that if you do n't already know it your window for correction closes really quickly .
add a little speed and or distraction to it and chaos is literally around the corner .
for me a fair age to die would be 60 as after that there wo n't be anything else to do .
one would have retired from a job and if there 's a marriage and then children those will be settled too by then .
about the better half if she 's there i would suggest her to do whatever she wants after i take the abode .
move head control your breath and do not punch holes in the air 🥊🎿🥊 good luck champ
we 're doing pretty good for a team with 6 consecutive losing seasons
just did a bit more searching and holy shit til
aw but that ruins that super cute fan art of him babysitting her !
get dimensionally stable contact lenses nothing will correct your eyesight better
the republicans will pursue a federal ban in 2025 now that roe is n't protecting abortion .
in addition the legal underpinnings of roe relate to a lot of other cases like lawrence obergefell griswold even loving .
the supreme court deciding there 's no right to privacy means gay marriage is on its deathbed and likely to be rolled back within months and that even shit like the right to buy birth control is in danger .
i moved here from jersey also never having had allergies to anything besides cats and the pollen here kicked my ass .
went to an allergist and got tested got some great suggestions on how to manage my symptoms .
i think there are options that current models do n't hold .
most religious folk think the soul resides in the body never stopping to think that what could be considered a soul might be what the body and one 's limited perceptions of the world might be held within .
it 's unlikely that an answer will come from outside and it 's unlikely you will truly find an inside '' .
they 're all seen on the same screen in the seat of awareness .
we just make assumptions about the locations of each of these phenomenon .
we make assumptions about things like the sense of self .
which melon baller scoop of brain is you '' ?
does the tree you 're looking at happen where it is where you are or some combination of both the seer and the seen ?
buddhism is very clear about indicating that it is a raft to cross the river but should be left behind when the river has been crossed .
with that in mind i would be interested in a boat building class ... you know what i mean ?
you can entertain the learning of something without blindly taking it as the absolute truth .
knowledge is n't truth until it lives in you .
the answer is brandon allen and ryan tank commander '' finley .
there is a lot more to this than who mentors a qb .
my dad spent mine on his mistress and my mom did n't find out until i was 17 and he left to start a new family .
animal rights girls and save the creek girls put out way more usually you wan na avoid social justice issues it 's bad for your long term social credit .
the whole point of the integration is to get missiles closer to moscow
what he nearly scored 2 goals i know this is a if but had he scored ...
the person who made the post is thr guy i tagged
exactly ... and a good portion of this sub have been particularly welcoming towards the conservatives ' thinly veiled misogynistic racist and fascistic agenda .
i constantly see posters here providing dubious analysis '' that favors the gop 's advancement of that agenda through the law .
even worse have been their support of barely if at all qualified justices coney-barrett kavanaugh and gorsuch .
this control of public discourse online and their abuse of our legal system has brought us to where we are today .
the gop has been showing us exactly who they are yet they still have their agenda advanced in the guise of legal objectivity in this sub and in academia .
conservatives are abusing the law to advance their 19th century antebellum fantasy .
this sub needs an overhaul so that it can stop being a tool for those that would see our system annihilated and replaced by a factory for their supremacy .
if you genuinely believe this i have no problem violating the nap to end you
the right flipped ahit about only being allowed to buy 12 assault rifles a year
it appears to be on crunchyroll otherwise you can surely find it on the high seas .
remember how r/chunghwaminkuo the kmt subreddit would cross post here on the daily ?
me and my mates were discussing this in the pub we 've all had the shitty low paid jobs in the service sector and are all now in some profession .
we all agreed we 've never worked so little and in fact the more you earn the less you actually work .
i think the scoreboard now is better than what we had before but yes it will continue to need iteration to move it closer and closer to showing actual contribution .
right now moira is going to look beastly because every single one of her ability uses will show up on the scoreboard as a number somewhere if it does anything .
compare that to ana or baptist where ana sleeps are not going to show up despite being super important nades immunizing heals and confirming kills are insanely important not to mention the boost in healing they may provide to any other healer on your team and immortality field despite still being a very very powerful ability does n't show up for bap at all and neither does damage boosted via window .
this stuff will never be perfect but the more data they can fit in the better .
idk how to do it well but i think a bonus '' window would be a start bonus would encapsulate any sort of bonuses that character can provide .
so healing prevented while naded goes for ana on this catagory as does bonus damage from nanoboost and damage mitigated by nano boost .
you could even add damage dealt to a slept target for say 1 second after they are slept to this catagory .
for bap it would include window damage bonus and immortality damage reduced .
for zen it would include damage boosted by discord .
for brig it can include the overhealth she provides during ultimate .
for other characters it can include other data for example damage to a hooked target for 1 second after hooking .
for hanzo sombra and widow it could be damage done to a 'walled ' target or just a portion for widow or whatever .
it may not be as useful to other characters particularly damage since most of their value is already shown via damage and elim numbers but with the catagory named bonus '' or something similar you can use it to put any sort of misc values you want for a character .
that would help at least though it 's also important to realize raw numbers do n't really tell a whole story anyways .
you can heal for 30k damage between you and a healer in a 10min match but it 's meaningless if you still lose cause it was all pouring into your orisa or hog while they got no kills and your dps were always low and could n't win their fights .
i doubt you can ever get 100 or even close to 100 of the story told via the scoreboard but obviously having something is way better than nothing .
who knows if the updated card system will make a return and solve some of this as well even if it 's just for fun it was a fun system i 'd like to see come back .
we might see bullish periods before that but 2024/2025 is my best guess for the next big one .
fed-tapering usually takes about 2 years before the market recovers again .
tell me that man is n't on meth or cocaine or something
the unit i 'm a part of now really only investigates sexual abuse and child deaths rather than normal abuse and neglect cases .
what i 've found is that most sex abuse cases i deal with involve cousins perping on each other or siblings sexually abusing each other .
i thought the majority of these cases would be like step-parents or a parent 's boyfriend girlfriend molesting their partner 's kids but the majority of my cases are cousins and siblings .
ca n't decide which one 's better lick lick lick my balls or a i d s
and then not being pregnant and a parent at all
when youre pregnant and deciding whether or not to abort just go back in time and dont get pregnant in the first place
while nadal looks much more dominant on serve at the moment i still do n't trust him in tiebreaks .
i saw that one heading home from work on 24 ... does that mean that most of the people who i see on my commute are sith ?
thanks well onedrive can backup docs desktop and pictures with a couple checkboxes .
i see your point on downloads but i 'm still looking to see options .
the golem is not a story but a myth .
its key defining factor is that it is a magical humanoid automaton built to be a servant .
a golem is not always 'ultimately peaceful ' there are frankenstein-like stories where its means of control is damaged or frustrated and it can harm others at the very least it can be too literal in its interpretation of orders nor does it live to 'protect its people ' but rather to serve its creator who in turn may wish to protect their people .
for the latter you may be thinking specifically of the prague golem which was a terrifyingly violent creation to fight oppressors considered a weapon so awful that when it was no longer immediately needed it was deactivated and disassembled until the dark day it might be needed again indeed to this very day the attic it 's allegedly stored in is a site both holy and foreboding to the local synagogue .
i had to go re-evaluate my literary choices after that
because they are indeed a fictional race it 's either cultural erasure of their proud tradition of cowardice and teamwork better fearful and cunning than dead as they say or it 's racist because calling them bad trait .
personally speaking i really did enjoy the character it gave which y'know the phb and dmg does say do whatever '' with it so no reason you ca n't have it different at your table .
y'know every race is and still is considering they gave yet another small race the brave trait instead of pack tactics a stereotype .
elves still have even more proficiencies and skills naturally learnt by them live longer most naturally 1up everyone else by having natural spellcasting on top of that as well as some having an additional unique buff .
dwarves still have hp buffs armour prof size changing stonecunning and poison resistance for alcohol hardiness .
orcs are still durable and hardy in a fight with mpmm they have even gained a buff to their adrenaline rush for fights and lost their skills proficiences .
sorry to overramble but it 's just a shame to see kobolds go from frightful due to a long history of dragon servitude and cunning team players to a brave/magic/crafty small dragon with a battle cry .
instead of having a guide about what to consider and talk to your dm about from volos about their relation to the world their goals outside what they would usually know the local or global perceptions of you and your people and an origin which ties you to the world and the campaign you have two paragraphs .
one about what they look like and what colours they come in and the fact they are from the underdark still and serve dragons potencially helping people against them .
just kills a bit of the basic variety to use and explore as a character if you dm had n't prepared anything in particular or you get the freedom to do something else .
changing it to have more variety is cool but inbuilt variety and challenges just feel better and more interesting .
okay i seriously need to do more research '' d christine just seems so innocent to me i mean she believes in angels ?
okay maybe not literally the celestial beings but still so this concept feels wild to me .
i 'm not saying that she ca n't do that she can do whatever she wants .
i do n't really know my view is really limited .
i come from a christian household and that just may be why the 🔥spice🔥 is too much to me d
they were most likely displaced by bantu agriculturalists who naturally have larger permanent populations
get that ai of yours to blast them in the spines with tracking devices .
then we can always watch and sell the data ...
quibble abortion 100 of the time terminates a pregnancy not a fetus .
in many cases the fetus is already dead but must still be aborted to stop the pregnancy .
i was thinking this as well while reading this .
although there were no other children involved besides the unborn baby it is similar .
i do not understand why people just do not leave or get a divorce if you want out of the relationship so badly .
funnily i think hrt made me more gay for women
oh you 're right i saw the eredivisie one and thought they 'd do the community one today
i love hel 's face i want it as a pfp
i went through your post history and you seem like a nice person .
why does it make a difference to you if people are gay or straight ?
that one had like a 0.2 percent chance of getting it .
i shall re do the calculator and see what it says .
do you mean that you 're getting hit on the ladders ?
it 's strange how this community attracts sexually conservative types as well as the optimizer '' types .
in my experience people of similar svm will have had a similar number of sexual opportunities over their life before settling down and it becomes more about your track record in whom you chose how many you chose and why you chose them .
a sexually compatible and successful couple in my mind is made up of two high-value individuals who are sharp shooters '' in love and sex .
dealers were structurally short gamma yesterday and got squeezed because there was no supply of short sellers post fmoc and the fed was overly dovish which it took real money to trade into today .
i 'd better book my girlfriend in for this compulsory baby then before the feds come after us .
you ca n't complain about made up medical fantasy when that 's the hypothetical that the post came up with .
i can print one on my printer and see how it fits the base but i also do n't have an official one to compare it to .
what the other commenter said about asking the schools is good advice !
in addition i believe homeschooled students can still take ap exams or in the case of ap art submit a portfolio so that might be something to look into !
wow i just put it up for 16 sol and it sold immediately
dasha lived through adam grunting and moaning on top of her week after week .
do n't forget to check twitter for tifaweek2022 for more birthday celebrations .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
aita for telling my parents that i wo n't come home from college because they refuse to tell my younger sister that my girlfriend is not my friend ?
i 'm staying in my college town for the summer .
but my girlfriend and i of almost 6 months are going to road-trip to where i 'm from so i can spend some time with my family and she can finally meet them .
i was just informed by my other sister that my parents who told me they were going to tell my youngest sister who is 11 that the person coming home with me is my girlfriend .
i came out about 9 months ago and they 've taken it okay but they ultimately said that they 'd be supportive of me .
we 've planned the whole trip and i 've been coordinating with my family about it and they seemed excited .
my other sister told me today though that my littlest sister does n't know yet and my parents do n't plan on telling her .
and that my parents were going to tell me soon that they 've chosen to not tell her that she 's my girlfriend and that 's she 's my friend .
i called my mom and she told me the same thing .
when i told her it was hurtful she said that it 's her skid and they have the right to parent how they want .
while that 's true i feel like this is too much .
if they want me to pretend for a whole week that my girlfriend is just my friend i 'm not coming home .
i will not make my girlfriend pretend that or lie to my sister that i practically helped raise .
it 's not fair to me my girlfriend or my sister .
am i the asshole for telling my mom this ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i had no problems with boxes actually i also was to the point of finishing the national dex .
most white gold has a slight tint which often increases with time and can be either straight grey lightly yellow brown or lightly pink and so on depending on the exactly formulation of the particular alloy .
in order to present the consistent color that people expect most if not all white gold jewelry is rhodium plated so that lusterous slightly greyed white color that people usually associate with white gold '' is actually the color of rhodium and like any plating can wear off with time leading to a blotchy appearance due to mismatch between the aging raw white gold surface and the stable color of rhodium .
palladium white gold is usually not plated since it resists discoloration over time and has a slightly warm cast to it tending towards a very faint grey brown .
in general white golds can look very different in different lighting and in photos specifically because they 're so close to white so it 's worth asking people who 've seen a particular white gold alloy in person for an opinion on the tone .
allan is the guy who plays keys and violin .
no clue why he was out for a couple years .
happens to my 6plus woke up one day with a hairline crack .
gamestop 's jpegs will have to all be 100 homebrew creations seeing as most major game developers have launched their own nft markets that cover their game characters and how sports leagues like the nba and fifa already have their nft partners .
game can be summarized by missed power play opportunities and good capitals goaltending leading to frustration penalties and mistakes .
every time a liverpool player sneezes he 's talking about how sensational it was and he 's never seen a player with such sneezability .
theyre so unfunny that even like a day after they were first made i already hated them .
perú and la rioja flag although the latter is barely visible
i mean take your time to find the job you want or you 'll find yourself in a toxic environement again .
do n't apply quickly just because your parents said so .
i do n't think its a big issue you should not decline a job just because they asked that .
he is also very high on her chest because she has chest clips on .
after my child was born i could hardly look down at them they was high up doing skin to skin and i could n't look down properly to see him .
i do n't like the duggars but you really ca n't judge someone for not looking down at their child immediately after birth
that 's usually not fun for her or you .
at 30 cm you will have a considerable length of useless penis shaft .
they are but if you maintain them properly they can last a long time .
my overnight kit is comfy for me double-wall shelter qwikback chair bar shower evening movie etc .
not getting the video was n't his fault it was hers .
honestly back when he was linked with us before he joined the worst team in manchester ...
i 'd wager if pep wants him then pep has a plan to get the most out of him .
it would probably be more consistent and you 'd have evidence of them rating to cover it there 'd be more by the paper towels and that one on the left would not be so horizontal .
if someone hit a major blood vessel it would likely be darker .
if we 're talking optimization it 's gon na be 2 options for dpr .
but a legitimate start for all sexual abusers of children
r/adorableporn does not accept submissions from low karma user accounts .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adorableporn if you have any questions or concerns .
might i ask the name of the table/desk top ?
ar58 checking in i still use her in overworld and domains .
very fun to play no reason not to use her at this point in the game personally speaking .
i buy all my merch from cotton on now ... do n't ever purchase the official swans stuff because it 's so ugly .
there are plenty of designers out there time to switch it up for sure .
you can go into your apartment and the heat automatically dies .
and if this offends you so much you really are n't suited for nursing .
it takes a while to get a contract in summer .
if you start submitting now you 'll have a june start date .
if you get the raise you can decline the offer .
as previously mentioned on your post in r/vive this is present on the vive wireless product page
recently compatibility issues have arisen when using amd am4/tr4 socket base motherboards with the vive wireless adapter .
we are working closely with our partners to resolve this issue as soon as possible .
if you have an amd am4/tr4 socket base motherboard we recommend waiting on vive wireless adapter purchase until the compatibility issue is solved .
please keep an eye on the vive website product page for further updates .
the archaic adjectives you 're looking for are thy '' and thine '' which mean your '' or sometimes yours '' in the case of thine '' .
i 'm channeling all my final exam stress into eurovision so i can be relaxed while studying 😅
if they interact at the beginning of combat do your went you go to combat triggers go off first before they can respond ?
sounds like a 10 year old making their username on clash of clans
you will never have a problem of too many game systems in a commercially shipping game .
i 'm canadian maybe that stats are different but but i 'm pretty careful about who i sleep with honestly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
but like he said he was the best he could come up with .
ted was n't thinking with his head and was acting irresponsibly and don did the only thing he really could do .
he was already reeling with guilt over what had happened with sally i doubt he cared much about power and creative jealousy
lmao guy has one good game camavinga is god was the impression of you lot this week .
nobody rates ferran as well as pedri gavi araujo etc .
no i say it like a group of legislators thought it was more important to push their naive wish list than to get some any protections for abortion rights on the books before roe got gutted .
naive would be believing that passing a bare bones law would n't produce exactly the types of restrictions that we 've seen in the last few decades .
you 're naive if you think the bare bones law would have been adequate in the long run .
are you saying that in february this bill would have passed if not for the additional components ?
if so then how come the exact same bill would n't pass now ?
next logical step now is going after the karma-whoring idiots posting low-effort memes on the coat tails of this mess .
at least there is no one between the gun and the target
all i see is a picture of put horizon ult here
i 'm glad he got to sit down and do nothing '' while johnson was speaking .
i 'm sure he was still doing something writing his next speech or whatever .
there 's two types of libertarianism in the us .
theoretical are people like rothbard hoppes friedman most writers at places like reason that are usually very conscious and axiomic with their beliefs at least while they subscribe to it —even if they 're asinine and unlikely to win public support .
there 's a few theoretical libertarians and organizations that are influential and valuable in niche public policy issues .
it 's subscribers are far less rigid more populist more prone to shift and trade ideologies when convenient and trendy and sometimes filled with the biggest hypocrites when it comes people who profess to love ‘freedom ' and ‘liberty'—samuel johnson 's quote how is it that we hear the loudest yelps for liberty among the drivers slave owners of negroes ? comes to mind except the modern equivalent are people who prefer localized petite tyrant rule .
someone like ron paul with actions in the past and views that he consistently had stands more in tue divide between the two camps .
both camps can rationalize excluding the gay couple marijuana and guns individually or cumulatively out of their ideal or preferred society system usually the consensus among most nowadays is against that especially with guns .
i do n't trust most folk libertarians to be adamantly vigilant and consistent on protecting or pretending to care much if the rights of gays or weed farmers get trampled on .
they 're usually shift on the culture war issues of the day and are far more reactionary
try benchmarking your pc and if you are getting normal performance on the benchmark just delete mc and reinstall it and see if that fixes the problem .
if it does n't try tweaking your mc settings .
did you write this poem or is this taken from vedic literature ?
i off-handed this with moonveil on my first playthrough .
someone once said to me when i told them i was struggling well hopefully you have a good support system ? ''
and when i said well no not really.. '' the most awkward silence followed .
i remember thinking the exact same thing like if you 're so concerned why are n't you offering support ?
new yorker here the duane reade around the corner from my office closed down .
a few homeless guys would come in not at the same time and just take 100 worth of goods every single day
that is problematic as my company needs no more than one of these things to poke at .
i seem to be all our out salesman bait ... .
if i cant figure out how to set an ip ... .
i guess i could put it behind a router and nat the addresses so it seems like its on my lab network .
thank you for posting because this was one of my questions that i had forgotten about lol .
my other thing is that i have a ton of things i would like to do that i ca n't because of depression/fatigue/executive dysfunction so i never do them and discount them as special interests .
but i have a whole room filled with music and craft stuff so i think those would be my special interests ?
i get jealous because my partner and best friend are both the kind of people who have things .
my partner has always been obsessed with dinosaurs etc .
sometimes when i notice i like something a lot i say this is my thing now lol .
try a slingshot with clay pellets no ricochet i got a flat band hunting slingshot and love it .
run you 20 30 and you 'll have fun .
it feels like the first game were being f2p and casual just feels fine
like srsly the game encourages me to play at my own pace which was really casual at the beginning and is quite hardcore right now and i enjoeyed it both without paying up to 1368 .
i see no reason why i should pay for it .
2 shot mangler hold this to br headshot is still awesome .
it 's also an easier 2 shot melee kill close range compared to the br except for pros .
it 's also a similar ttk compared to the pistol .
there are a ton of situations where it has an advantage
i saw this same meme on my cousin 's facebook page .
i 've tried to reduce the sugar intake i take daily and it 's difficult .
both in finding and doing i 've always been a picky eater .
i 'm a new nikon shooter and i choose z6ii over z7ii in order to buy more different lenses .
how many troops would this mobilization actually allow the russians to field ?
and even if we take the maximum number of theoretical conscripts the russians have access to how many of them are trained ?
and perhaps more critically how many of them can be equipped ?
russia is already having a huge issue with equipping and maintaining their existing forces in the field .
even if you take a professional fully trained motivated and fully equipped soldier he still has to eat .
his vehicles still need fuel tires and spare parts .
and even if you are able to get these conscripts trained equipped supplied and to the front lines with minimal issues there is a complete lack of professionalism in the russian junior officer and non-commissioned officer corps .
they need to know what to do when to do it and how to do it .
we are well past the time when you could just point an infantry division towards an objective and expect them to take it .
if the ukrainians were as incompetent and poorly equipped as the russians then the russians might have a chance .
as it stands the ukrainians simply have too much firepower for the russians to be over able to overwhelm them .
as long as the ukrainians can identify russian troop concentrations and launch missiles and artillery strikes at them the russians are n't going to be able to make a lot of headway .
all that may change if the russians are able to acquire air supremacy and eliminate ukrainian artillery .
but given the performance of the russian air forces and russian air doctrine so far i do n't think that 's likely .
i live in the philly suburb area and our age gap will be 17 months !
big brother was born late january 2021 and little brother is due early july 2022 .
this gap was intentional but i 'm starting to get nervous !
analytics and insights specialist recruiting analytics wfh-1 day per quarter in office
2 years in finance 2 years in health consulting actuary and health analytics
they post on the home page of the website when they will be re stocked so i would just keep checking there !
create a massive vacuum where the opponent ca n't breathe instead .
we require a minimum account age and karma as a spam deterrent .
messaging us to ask what they are will result in a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubbygirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
kar/swiss took zero skill to use prior to this patch lol .
i usually write these before i have heard anything from the rest of the family .
so my sister has sent me a midmorning update that he had some yogurt and half a muffin today .
she also said that his oncologist is going ahead with a new round of chemo a stronger one in terms of the relative toxicity but as the former round stopped being effective that is needed here .
you have to wait if you want to see vin diesel 's nipples
ah so you do know what facts are do you ?
really just a new release and two older released from two bands i enjoy to flesh out my collection .
the agonist however is for me a group i had n't listened to or followed up on much after i lost a lot of music on a dead ipod a long time ago and i regret it because i caught up on their music a bit recently and almost forgot just how amazing alissa white-gluz sounds as well as their new lead .
so i was extremely excited to be able to pre-order both of these since they had n't had any vinyl releases prior to this year .
edit did want to say dawn fm is an amazing listening experience .
i had it pre-ordered as soon as they were available !
i have the same data point i was surprised the points did n't take another billing cycle to post .
wikipedia has info and there are videos on youtube you can watch as well .
about a year after bradley 's disappearance a sailor with the a sailor with the u.s. navy claimed he was confronted by a woman at a brothel who told him that her name was amy bradley and she was being held against her will .
rather than report the incident he sat on the information because he was worried about facing disciplinary action for visiting the brothel.
in 2005 a witness claimed she saw bradley in a department store restroom .
the shopper reported that the woman was followed into the bathroom by three men who threatened her before leaving her in the bathroom by herself .
the woman then approached the witness and told her she was named amy and from virginia but before she could give any more information the men returned and dragged her out of the bathroom.
i 've been really trying to dive into the symbolism and background elements of the videos for inspiration with the newer ones even if my overriding reason for making them is always damn that outfit fucks '' !
instead every win has been met with gloating and rubbing our faces in it rather than any kind of magnanimity or grace .
today of all days ca n't you extend the tiniest shred of sympathy to your outgroup and take a break from the culture warring ?
from our perspective abortion is literally synonymous with infanticide .
from our perspective liberal women and their allies are bemoaning the moral equivalent of the closure of a niagara falls overlook from which they can hurl their babies to their deaths .
from our perspective it is incredibly hard to have any sympathy for people organizing clandestine trips to local cliffs for the same purpose .
just to feel any sympathy i have to remind myself that it is a culturally enshrined sacrifice that generations have been repeatedly told is their right as a woman that any man who would so much as hint that visiting that overlook is less than a joyous celebration of freedom just wants to chain women in a breeding basement that birth itself is seen as a sort of rape even if the sex nine months before was consensual .
as a motter i can hold this scenario in my mind and have sympathy for the women who are faced with this escape hatch being padlocked closed .
but then i glance over the outlook railing and see a tiny corpse floating by and my sympathy returns to being fictional .
without know the neighborhood or how far they were from home i wo n't say a parent sucks for making their kid walk .
my son was being disrespectful when he was about 12 and i pulled over and made him walk home .
we were less than half a mile from home close to his school that he walked to every day the neighborhood is extremely safe and it was daytime .
i was the 100th person at my location they also said i was the first person who had to wait for a voting machine all day too .
i refuse to play against a six stack in team scorched i take it very seriously being in a team gives an unreasonable advantage and bungie are worse than hitler for allowing it .
he heard that you got ta eat the books '' and decided to help
it 's always guys like you who say this but have never been in the real shit
democrats also ca n't protect voting rights or the basic democratic franchise .
i 'm also tired of democrats blaming everyone else for their inability to protect basic liberties .
they 've been using them for decades quit making this excuse .
can it be estimated when all 45b adas are in circulation ?
you are forgetting jc passive in a character with 20k of hp she will give you 240 of atk .
since her sub stats crit rate you do n't have to worry about overkill atk with sands like you do with anemonema or other sword with atk .
edit i do n't know if the passive gives flat or base atk .
if you are n't sure you want to go then do n't commit to it .
why should i hold that time in my calendar and turn down other invites if you 're only tentatively holding that time in your calendar unless something better comes up ?
it 's really inconvenient especially when the activity has a certain headcount eg board games escape rooms and i had to turn down inviting others who wanted to attend .
i habe a 23 year older enfj bro so this should be ez
you are leader of the job you do at a company .
you take care of your parents while spending time with them .
if you are not any of the above you are not and enfj .
it looks like you 're so far from the surface .
i started kicking to get you up to the surface .
he 's one second behind the car in front of him and this is the problem .
everyone seems to think 15 feet is enough distance no matter what but that 's not how it works .
if he had enough room he could have slowed down slower and there would n't have been an accident .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3ahouston 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3ahouston 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
see what 's new https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and newer https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=2
starting here https reddit.com/ugr81h m4f in houston to see how long op 's been at it what responses they 've had and if there are any warning signs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
from the article however it looks like it will result in an overall reduction in compensation for most of those tesla employees . ''
this is so right and so wrong at the same time
qetsiyah 's blood was still a powerful source of magic for example .
however i suspect that in the specific case of originals that is probably the case that their blood would use its potency upon their deaths as the originals were created with a spell it 's that spell which gives their blood its potency and it appears that when an original dies the spell ends .
regular vampires seem to only be alive due to the magical power of an original 's blood and so their deaths upon the death of the original seem to back up this idea that their blood loses its magical power once they die .
basically the original seems to though this is speculative function as a bound object for the immortality spell and the moment they die ends the spell thus probably removing the magic from their blood .
kind of like how if the anchor died the other side would have collapsed or when a lapis lazuli ring is destroy it can no longer provide protection against daylight .
i do n't know i 'd have to rewatch season 6 .
i was not a big fan of that season only watched it once and admittedly do n't remember it that well .
it seems to for some purposes but not others .
elena 's blood stopped working as a way to create hybrids the moment she became a vampire klaus made that very clear .
however both elena and stefan 's blood could still be used by the travellers to undo magic .
so it seems that doppelganger blood retains some of its magical properties but not all of them once the person is turned into a vampire .
as far as i know it is protected under hipaa .
if the case involves a minor hipaa does n't apply with regard to parents guardians and there 's debates over whether it should apply in cases of abortion .
if this is about abortion being legal or not that has nothing to do with hipaa
essentially if a kid comes out as lgbt you need to support that unquestionably .
that might mean a young teen who understands what that means needs support for acceptance of coming out .
but it also means if a younger child says something like i 'm a girl today while the state rep is over you better have dressed them like a girl .
theoretically speaking they may have found some native european remains which had genetic markers they previously assigned to middle east but then again how do they know you did not receive these markers from your possible middle eastern ancestors
i think i get what your saying 🤔 try to be good the best you can around other people male or female be respectful and the most you can hope is that someone learns from watching you ?
the razors definitely need to be replaced very often to keep things super clean .
jill sends new razors every month or whatever frequency you choose and all you replace are the razors and not the entire thing !
the logical gap between a right to privacy and a right to abortion access seems insurmountable
the government has no business knowing what medical procedures i get is definitely a privacy issue
we love the land of cheese and beer it 's where we have our vacation homes .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
as a weighlifter where can i shop online for t-shirts that fit my chest but also my shoulders ?
usually i have to buy larges but the shoulder seam is almost an inch too far up my shoulders .
sounds harsh but if another squad mate that communicates needs that class it 's gatta be available .
i lock my squad everytime but admit literally anyone who requests to join
sean murray was probably overwhelmed by the surprise attention the game got and did n't want to disappoint the fans .
but unlike peter molyneux he was uneasy about throwing that stuff out there and tried to and failed to leave things open .
and hello games followed up on many of their naive promises .
and tbf people went rampage just off that one e3 trailer before any promises were even made .
cdpr has always been just a mess on the management level given that they 've lost most of their senior staff after every witcher release .
elden ring had its share of it 'll redefine gaming '' people but overall the expectation was a very competent european knights flavoured soulslike and it seems people got it .
and given the semi-letdown dark souls 2 was there was a chance of failing at that .
however if we 're talking delusions there 's atlas fans fallout 76 fans even sw battlefront ii 2 fans with the caveat of it being horrible progression experience in a beautiful setting .
man even anthem managed to disappoint a lot of people somehow .
should share save file so we can copy the blueprints over !
i hear you people are so mad right now at the commanders name or snyder .
there was no love for them last night none at all
this is a big tent communist subreddit which welcomes everyone under the broad spectrum of working class politics and the struggle of the oppressed for liberation .
events are not shared with an endorsement but to promote awareness of this history .
you can also follow us on twitter https twitter.com/apeoplescal download the calendar as an android app https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.apeoplescalendar.apc hl=en_us or check out all of our events at our website https apeoplescalendar.org .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/apeoplescalendar if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm trying to figure out if they mean doggystyle or bestiality .
you 'll never guess which the bible condones and condemns though .
because prisons are asininely overcrowded so parole is 100 necessary .
i 've had siblings serve time and the first time my little sister went to prison in florida she was forced to sleep on the floor of the library because the cells were already housing 6 inmates per 2 person unit .
plus promising inmates that if they behave they can get out early is a great way to ensure they stay in line without having to force them to .
america did away with the reform '' aspect of crime and punishment long ago and opted for a revolving door system .
so what 's the harm in letting someone out a year early when they 'll just be back in a few months ?
i hate my 2015 subaru nav system just a little bit less now .
i get about 5 fruit and veg servings mostly fiber rich .
it 's very funny to me that some people view macro knowledge in an almost negative light
lol is a strategy game imagine having a strategy and not just mashing buttons as fast as possible
my baby was miserable and writhing in pain from 4-7 weeks .
she has gerd and we figured out she has a milk intolerance .
once i cut dairy she got a lot better .
my friend 's baby was the same and she was allergic to corn which is in everything .
it took her a while to figure out the allergy .
it does n't feel like it right now but it gets better .
there is a light at the end of the tunnel even though you might not see it right now .
i 'm so sorry you 're both going through this .
your post has been automatically removed as it 's missing oc from the title .
the post guidelines can be found in the sub 's sidebar .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhorny message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fhorny 2fcomments 2fumkew9 2fim_16_and_horny_af_any_takers_im_into_anything_as 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
your boyfriend does n't have the maturity level to understand that he is responsible for his own actions .
sounds like his strict parents might have stunted his emotional intelligence .
also he is a jerk that 's why your roommate hates him .
yeah i guess you could say this is geared towards the middle class .
this is the dave ramsey baby steps and tons of people have been able to follow this including myself .
troubleshoot and communicate based on facts/behaviors which you know to be true .
that email reset should have gone to x email address can you help me make sure that 's the correct address and the email did n't end up getting flagged as spam by accident ? ''
i deal with people like you mention all the time the more you can make it seem like something is n't their fault the better .
do n't respond to anything ridiculous they may say other than apologizing for their general frustrations and letting them know you 'll make their feedback heard .
every time something about wow pops up i do n't reply with some cringe careful runescape players are gon na x y z ''
i only bring it up because virtually every single ff thread you will ever find on reddit has people proactively talking shit about wow for literally no reason at all often when it does n't make sense at all .
for example in this thread/clip people are getting banned for using tools equivalent to wow 's avr https youtu.be/clrjkrdcxsi ? t=22 the blue and white circles are the addon from back in icc ... an addon that was developed and banned within a few months ... . 10 years ago .
why would we care that its getting banned in ff too ?
we all realised how ridiculously overpowered it was back then .
it reminds me of when a crazy ex girlfriend goes and finds a new guy then keeps texting the ex every few days trying to make them jealous .
we 're happy for you that you have this ff game .
hope it lasts not my thing and i promise you we are not upset that you have addons .
to me the last 10-20 years have shed light on the fragility of our real-life social connections to other human beings and how easily civil society can crumble when we 're being fed fractured versions of the truth .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/kosmiczna_flota/comments/umi57q/nie_odychał 32 32
if this is just your casino money then go with god .
if it is money you ca n't afford to lose the doctor is in .
you seem to love cars '' the way my cat loves taking a bath .
not at all i do n't care if you claim to love cars in your post .
the fact that you think cars should only be used for farming '' the fact that you believe rural places would have become more accessible by bike or foot if only we did n't have cars .
everything you 've said shows me you are ignorant as to the myriad of uses cars have you have an idealistic idea of what public transit could be and you take all these loosely weeved ideas as being basically unassailably true .
here 's a fact cars are far from the greatest contributor of climate change .
if you 're not a vegetarian yet you insist that people need to stop driving because of climate change then you do n't have a leg to stand on .
not only that but i do n't trust no one having a car and depending on the government to provide me with transport .
during the covid pandemic some people wanted to turn the unvaccinated into second class citizens how long until something like that happens and you tell me i ca n't use the public transit anymore and i do n't have a car ?
you can wire it to a fuse with constant power and much easier than running a new wire to the battery .
hey russ out there all alone flying circles with your phone can you hear me ?
if i say i 'm not feeling too hot and i put for sick leave end of story .
ya 'll got too many legit players prospects to be rebuilding .
i remember someone selling me a puppy and telling me it was a pit mix .
when people would ask i 'd say pitbull ... but it was black with white and brown sort of like a bernese mountain dog .
but it did try biting me once as a puppy and i got scared
obviously pits are n't being adopted for a reason .
lying to people who can end up getting harmed by them is so irresponsible
at the very least they should be able to chose to try and to have good information to make it less dangerous
observations controlled the truce between the ldnr and ukraine for 8 years .
during this time they managed to light up in transport ammunition provide intelligence and territory for firing points refused to record shelling and killed civilians .
some cars were also found in mariupol at the positions of azov militants .
i am very surprised that they write something about the camps i was sure that they are not in the russian-controlled territory .
we still trust the un except for the hrc and the red cross .
but they do consider the lives of their unborn .
i 'm sure there 's at least a few who you accurately describe but that 's a dangerous generalization that makes you look like a incredibly nasty human being .
you are the first person i have seen report this about auras .
most reports i have seen recommend auras for their freedom of movement e.g. recommended for choir practice .
bifolds are usually too tall for me and mess with my glasses .
at least all the one-size fits all adults styles that i have tried so far .
are you sure you know what sub you 're on ?
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've effectively given up on dating at this point .
i can normally compensate for my adhd issues in most aspects of life by just trying harder '' so to speak .
studying for 2-3 hours to retain what might take others an hour .
this just does n't work for me in a relationship setting though .
my shortcomings are still hurtful even if unintended or caused by adhd .
ive tried to explain the how 's and whys of how my brain works .
ive tried interpreting things through neurotypical friends in an attempt to be told how to react to hopefully avoid over thinking .
im at a loss on how to overcome the challenges that come with dating with adhd and i 'm tried of hurting myself and others trying to figure it out .
after my most recent break up i kinda just decided to give up .
it seems better for all involved for me to stop looking for someone willing to put up with me as a partner .
instead i 'll just focus on being a good friend/brother/son/uncle ...
i got it together for the tray challenges and have just kept it going with my own picks !
you mentioned thinking the cranker looks cool but not having a tube amp .
i just got a special cranker and it rips on my little solid state .
i think the original speaker cranker was actually designed to play nice with solid states .
no one at the bridge from the fountain of lamneth by rush off of caress of steel—“cry out desperation !
i know right reminds me of star guardian and how he looks like antinomy
the soapbox is not your words it 's literally the platform you stand on to be heard better .
the public square remains the public space that the private company operates in i.e .
hdmi does n't carry anywhere near enough current for that to be an issue
i 'm more interested where i can find the webb telescope mirror .
not illegal when bribes are paid as speaking fees and campaign donations .
i am a bot 🤖.এই আমি করতে পারে সেরা সারসংক্ষেপ .
📰original https www.nationalhogfarmer.com/news/kansas-governor-signs-fake-meat-bill sau52304 📰বাংলা https translate.google.com/translate ? sl=auto tl=bn u=https www.nationalhogfarmer.com/news/kansas-governor-signs-fake-meat-bill sau52304
did you just say mandela catalogue was made because of fnf ?
jeffrey sees things differently now his new round spectacles have a different tint .
higher ranks send other niggas out to catch the bodies and they keep their hands clean .
i love the ridiculous compound words that exist in the swedish army .
and my personal favorite officially entered in guinness book of world records
continue to read the second paragraph 's second sentence he should n't communicate his frustration ?
he should just bottle up his frustration and keep it to himself ?
he seems to understand that sex is painful for her and is not trying to pressure or guilt her .
continue to read the second paragraph second sentence i just ca n't really take the guilt anymore he does n't intentionally guilt me but sometimes it happens .
her husband does n't sound horrible he sounds like a loving and supporting husband who is frustrated with the current situation but is not pressuring her .
because your posts make it sound like you did at which point you are a party to fraud .
what should i do if the checks go through ?
the vile shit that came out alito 's mouth onto that paper will never be forgotten even if it 's ultimately not the final word .
did you buy from local nursery or grew it from seed ?
390 pulse like that new suros stasis one that you can craft .
like a lightweight shotgun with high handling quickdraw or a rapid fire fusion .
keep him out of the center of fights and have him play defensively .
also trials and comp play very differently when trying to carry .
focusing on not dying in comp is very effective when your better teammates can use the lives because the bad players life is worth as much as the better players .
remember every game you get knocked and think that was my first death . ''
in trials his life is almost worthless and using him a scapegoat or sacrifice to pick off a good player is n't the worst plan when his life wont do very much for your team .
but remember to coordinate and do n't focus too hard on his res .
your god '' satan and his kingdom has temporary authority of this world .
jesus christ said even hating someone is the same sin as murder .
... and you know that no murderer has eternal life abiding in him .
holy fuck we 're really about to get gentleman 's swept by a 3rd string goalie
that 's a healthy way of looking at it .
everyone 's different for me personally a bad loss can leave me feeling a bit dejected for the rest of the day but waking up the morning after wipes that feeling away usually
this is news to me and i 've lived in florida most of my life .
i spent a week in new york on day three i was having random nose bleeds due to the food .
within a day of being home i was back to normal .
i work my ass off and have since i was 11 when i got up every morning at 4am to feed the cows .
i would suggest you find a different demographic to malign .
am i the only one that felt this was gon na be the kinda night when they showed reaves fired up in locker room and rest of team was like ryan shhhh your being loud
vox made a 10 watt pathfinder that fits your description if you can find one cheap enough .
personally i 'd prefer the 15 watt version with the 10 '' speaker but either would serve up a nice clean tones .
another small inexpensive analog and likely very easy to find option is a transtube peavey rage .
just give it a trim so it does n't get caught in all the friction .
i like to be reminded that my lovers have finished puberty .
the guy who looked at it is a trusted friend however i have another person coming to check it out tomorrow .
so far i like it but this is going to be my second '' encounter with linear algebra .
for a first intro i recommend gilbert strangs lectures on yt and book
but now i 'm happy plus i can always wait for my next paycheck that goes to me not bills !
it 's a pretty much dogshit security if the hackers manage to bypass both email and ph no verification steps .
this is probably the 1st time i 've ever got hacked .
why even bother 2fa in the first place if its usless af .
edit shit the soundcloud it was posted to is down .
you could politely ask the stern subreddit again they will find it .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
huh shane and ohtani are not that far off in pitch count even though ohtani is struggling .
i mean i didnt catch that but the video was going really quick so that could of just been me
you have to realize that thousands of devices have gone out .
i would be pretty confident fedex is n't messing that many up percentage-wise
mew has a good scuff on the back do you still want to see it ?
try r/witchcraft if you 're looking for spells they might be more helpful .
yes it 's your nephew but it 's not your responsibility .
your mom know your feelings towards children she should n't have forced it or got angry .
i was forced into caring for my infant cousins when i was 12-17 and honestly it made me hate children because as they got older their parents did n't set rules and they got into/ruined a lot of my stuff while i was at school .
i was under the impression that god knew about gender theory back then ?
it does n't matter if she 's the birth mother .
if she gave you custody because she did n't want to take care of her children she has no right to come back as if she never left .
yhe founding fathers were pretty explicit that the purpose of the senate was to be undemocratic to protect the interests of those with lots of wealth land .
the fear was that voters might band together to redistribute wealth from the top to the voters .
if you need to get rid of that i 'll be happy to take it off your hands for you .
check bios and apply all the recommended settings particularly set all usb ports to enable and gen 1 .
it took about 4-5 months for me to notice post surgery .
i started to break out in acne and had a few spots of blood for 2 days .
compared to what i used to go through it 's nothing .
yah i have a snapback to protect the back of my neck .
i took a little jog in it and although these goggles were listed as anti fog they still fogged up a little bit .
i saw something on here about magnets that they put onto the goggles so i might look into it a bit more .
personally i dont like the face shield because i cant really look down at my mags or pouches with it on but i prefer that over a chipped tooth or taking a bb to the ear .
i started at the end of march and it 's easy fast cash .
first thing i thought was that there were an awful lot of gatekeepers responding to the kid .
like how do you know what he can or ca n't do ?
then i slowly absorbed the fact that in only two sentences he called himself an engineer and then asked how to get a job ... yeah the title was kind of an overstatement considering the question .
did you end up transferring to a private uni or a public ?
the editors made a point to show dorit 's closet .
yeah this guy is good ... lots of christians believe what they are told and the pastor gets a private jet .
not quite a plastic guitar game but rocksmith offers something similar on the guitar/bass side with the upside that it actually teaches you how to play the songs .
on pc there 's a huge custom dlc community as well .
every time it dips 10 i just reset my internal day counter to 21 nice play btc see you 21 days from now '' .
i only regret hodling ada now the market is so terrible i do n't know if selling to buy lower actually makes any sense
i installed the 32 amp charger for the unexpected cases where i need an extra 50-100kms in 1-2 hours and rather not drive to a supercharger .
as the saying goes you do n't need it until you do
i assume frimble is the new owner and he only took over the site so he can continue to get paid to work on flagging ux changes for a few more years .
puting a fork in a high-tension wire while on a scissor lift because you tried to eat the energy ! ''
that 's what insurance is for ... it covers a lot of those examples .
there 's plenty of reasons why anything you purchase might no longer fit your needs but not everything is returnable. buy that gym membership in january and then life gets busy and you do n't go in february and march ?
seems like you want it both ways you want the discount for buying a pass early but then you also want the flexibility of a day pass that you only pay for when you actually use it .
they are able to offer you a discount on a pass sold in the spring because your committing with some uncertainty about the future you both benefit most of the time .
i broke my hand a few years back on epic but i had pass insurance ... the option was get a prorated reimbursement and be done for the season or do nothing and maybe ski in the spring .
i got more than my moneys worth in the spring but pass insurance gave me the option to choose .
pass insurance is not particularly expensive compared to day tickets ... but it totally depends on how much you get out .
i have not made a box tour video yet but am planning to
i wonder what she was thinking at this exact moment ?
when 1st tower came out i really wanted to place .
i suspect many e-car enthusiasts really have no idea about the math .
out of all the apps she chose a dating platform .
y'all are both young so i 'm pretty sure that she has friends she can talk to and even if she does n't have any there are literally other platforms like instagram but she chose a dating app .
huh i ... didnt think about this would have been a much easier way to stagger her as faith build
op has flaired this post as girls only as per rule twelve only girls will be able to comment on this post .
additionally if you would like to continue discussion please join the community discord at https discord.gg/ky7ycmd
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askteengirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i kind of gave up on tinder and changed my nice friendly and informative bio to if you ca n't handle being nice at your worst then i do n't want you at your best .
pass out at a party after being a cocktease all night you 'll get exactly what you 've been asking for 😈
what about a mammoth and a t-rex are particularly european ?
if it goes well you could easily make a sequel set in a different place to explore lore from other areas of the world .
i do n't usually like horror style games but i 've put yours on my wishlist .
this is the week i introduced sprinkles on yogurt in an attempt to get her to eat something .
you are the one who said kim 's world is falling apart 🤣 do you even forget what yourself said ?
lol she already has successful life so her life is not falling apart first of all🤷🏻‍♀️ and kim does n't give a shit cuz she could get travis if she wanted .
please follow the few simple rules we have here .
do not submit the same link more than once a day .
whether you 're asking for subscribers views or likes you must return the favor and provide proof .
comment the video title duration subscriber count like number and describe a scene in the video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sub4sub if you have any questions or concerns .
it was the saturation of the rabbids that made people hate them so damn much .
there was at least one rabbids game each year from 2006 onwards with only 2015 being completely blank while 2013 was just a mobile title .
there 's also the fact that their main gimmick is just screaming and being stupid and insane sure that can be funny the first time but it gets old real quick after the 3rd time .
that one heide knight with a spear on the way to the dragon in heide .
do it mate you can just nip to the post office sort it and keep the receipt as temporary proof .
hehe i 'm guilty of this and i 'll very rarely drink much on holiday lol .
i think it 's because we have so much tax on booze it 's the thing that stands out most things are a bit cheaper alcohol is often much cheaper .
booze and petrol prices always get reported in some fashion and let 's face it 's quite nice to be able to order a bottle of wine off the premium end of the list at a nice diner
making games back then compared to today is different .
it takes way more time to make a game today compared to before ... if you want a game to look modern you need more time especially if you start from scratch where you ca n't copy-paste assets from the past games .
sure ww and t2t were rushed but the foundation was there the graphics and some mechanics were already established from sands of time .
all they had to do was add more to what already existed that can take a year or less or more does n't matter .
honestly i really like the dragon greatclaw paired it with the shield and annihilated my way through most of the game with them
malenia 's sword though ... 40 dex requirement and it sucks dick
i was initially angry that the weather boost wasnt working in windy weather when i caught it.. but when i checked i was over the moon .
you might start hallucinating after several days of little to no sleep .
not sure if this is ignorance or a parody of ignorance .
meaning it is n't an atheist point at all right ?
yet you keep saying it is a secret atheist position .
it is the position of the everyone who is n't an ignorant christian .
do n't fall in love with every guy that 's nice to you !
looks like one of those things where they use makeup on their closed lids to replicate the eyeball
i have yet to find a bow lol and how would i put poison on the arrows ?
if you would like to meet more potential partners join the discord .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hypnohookup if you have any questions or concerns .
im sure it 's heave but it 's nit concrete or they would n't have been able to move it at all .
you wear so much makeup your face is shinier then a freshly polished car .
remove oshur burn whatever hard drive it was on .
he probably did n't want to die but to get close enough to death to awaken joyboy and thus turn into joyboy .
had he drowned and been revived by the drum beats he would 've just drowned again shortly after .
and what chem style do you use on him ?
bernie sanders wants to tax the 1 and cares very much about valuable platforms like global warming .
bernie encourages making higher education tuition free to ensure all people has access to education .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/derinekler if you have any questions or concerns .
sooooo ... . why would you think it a genital wart ? ? ? ?
if you have only been having sex with the same person and your person has only been having sex with you ... . then how could either of you get genital warts ? ! ? ! !
only way to contract them is to get them from another person with skin to skin contact ... .
so two things ... . a someone is lying about their faithfulness..lol and b trim your pubs cause it 's an ingrown hair ...
it 's like everyone was there to watch this guy land and this one dude was wondering what they were all waiting for and why they were all looking up ... and then suddenly it hit him .
making the description even more obscure than it already is .
now if you open the description which is a tiny button more '' easily missed the remainder of the content is only accessible through a scroll deincentivising it .
double down when it lost peg but looked like it was going to repeg ... sadly it did n't .
i 'm pretty much down on all investments but losing money on a stablecoin just hurts .
i have no idea how it will ever recover but i do n't want to take a 90 loss either ... ..
why tf would they put a world title match on a dark match let alone thirteen of them ?
as someone with relatively large breasts i felt that 'dammit ' in my soul
lol i do n't think most players 'realistically ' care about any requirements i 'm sure players would much rather be able to use whatever they want and not have to get reqs for things .
that was my point and that 's what makes the 1attk for a dragon weapon nonsense .
if you choose to be a sub 60attk pure you should not be rewarded for it by the game randomly making different types of weapons equippable .
i want to be able to fish rock tail without getting the fishing level because i 'realistically ' done care about the requirements for it ... but tough tits .
get the reqs and stfu the game should n't coddle some knob who does n't care to train attack .
if they wanted a 1attk warhammer they should 've made a new warhammer .
not let a dragon weapon be equippable with 1attk .
the sound you hear doesn`t change if the bike is warm or could
i just started it once it was cold and the sound was extreme for 10 seconds
well this came from a catholic subreddit and it 's not that they do n't help the poor and the needy it will be abhorrent to deny that as how many hospitals and orphanages are run by churches but it seems that they are ignorant when it comes to sexuality.it does n't leave much room to discussion .
i 've been looking for a sticker album for my daughter forever .
thank you for this i thought i was going crazy .
is luxon from one of the most far right families in new zealand ?
we have to pay more to put trades on international markets too .
like if i want to put a position on tracking the us index it 's gon na cost me more .
no point in adding little and often with fees like that .
i was concerned for the poster above adding 20 here and there to top up their own positions .
at the linked page there is a button among many !
thing about a capo is that is should match the curve of the neck .
if it does n't match the curve some of the strings may buzz .
if it 's too tight it may pull things sharp .
ca n't tell if it is the fan or the compressor .
because capitalism is sustained by ensuring crisis in some way shape or form to sustain itself .
poverty can be solved we could take care of every human being on the planet .
politics is the expression of social dominance orientation of the inheritance and enabling classes .
it is war without overt violence but coerces others through the threat of violence in all areas of human activity .
if the problems of poverty gets solved then social dominators have no reason to maintain their artificial position in society .
they would rather have the masses hate fear or adore them to feed their malfunctioning egos .
i agree it 's really interesting early trends i think we are starting to see lots of links to gut microbiome i believe there was a study which found links to dementia and it will become a sub speciality in time .
i do take probiotics if nothing else it does help digestion i think only one strain actually has had studies behind it plus a few medical cases were fecal transplant have treated .
but agree very early no where near enough specific evidence i do look forward to when we can identify the exact bacterium behind these interesting medical studies rather than the cluster bomb method i think most studies are using of loads .
🎵all the other kids with the pumped up kicks you better run better run🎵
the game itself has sucked shit for a good amount of time now .
this ltm is a refreshing reason to actually boot the game up again .
i 've only had it for 2 days .. but so far so good !
it 's not at all what i thought i would end up with when i started car shopping but i could n't pass it up !
i 'm really interested in that cooler backpack now tbh but how would you keep the bottom section cold ?
just an ice pack in the mesh thing at the top of it ?
like how long would you say it keeps stuff cold/frozen ?
it really does look awesome to me and i found it for pretty cheap on amazon
i 've never had any direct confrontations with workers at my local grocery store and have even joked with cashiers about it before .
there 's been times where they asked if i wanted a bag for the like 4 things i was getting and we both just mentioned my backpack and laughed a bit but it still feels weird at times .
i 've never taken it off my back until i get out where i usually pack it up at a bench or table next to the store but it still feels like i 'm being judged because as a shoplifter or something because i am generally pretty paranoid about others ' opinions .
my brother works there so i 'm generally on good terms with the workers but i obviously do n't have connections with the majority of other shoppers
i do n't bike because i do n't feel safe doing it in my area but i do appreciate the tips .
would probably be a long time before i were to get a backpack like that 80l one because i 'm still trying to work up the courage to wear a normal sized one like that cooler pack .
my string backpack is pretty much flat until i pack it and i 've actually folded it and put it in my pocket a few times or worn it underneath my jacket to fully hide it in stores i was n't comfortable in lol
fortunately most of the time my coworkers just joke with me about walking everywhere or do n't mention it around me but they have really annoyed me in the past with stupid judgements .
like one day i got called too proud '' to accept a ride home when i really just hate cars .
i 've saved so much money by not driving and am pretty sure i 'm the only person in my workplace with any real savings .
been called a psycho for walking home after dark but in the winter the sun sets before even 5pm a lot of the time .
stuff like that is hard to amicably respond to a lot of the time
i used to watch them daily but now i tend to avoid them at all costs
i 'm afraid i do n't know how to help you with the visa part .
look into housing prices they 've skyrocketed in some areas calculate if your income will be enough to live comfortably in the area .
if politics matter to you look into the state and city that you 're moving to .
i do n't think it 's ever to late to do something in life .
well there 's no reason to panic if you have n't seen live bedbug activity .
i would inspect your bed thoroughly flip mattress check seams underneath same with boxspring .
also check around any crevices on your bed frame .
proving you have them is the first thing you need to do
i found out a new grad i did my co-op with at the same company got hired for more than me despite having 2 years already clocked in .
then after small company-wide raises we ended up making the same .
i kicked up a stink and they ended up raising me again to barely 6 more than the new grad .
if your man posts this and acts like it 's a funny joke post a small dick meme and tag him .
match that let me humiliate you in public and make you look like the bad guy if you did n't laugh energy .
yet you are sure you gave it to him .
sounds like you were aware that you had herpes before maybe officially getting tested and just neglected to tell him knowing that you have not officially '' got a diagnosis .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
i knew about sonichu way before i knew about chris himself with a baseline knowledge of chris himself .
then my friend told me about the genos series and then i just fell down the rabbithole .
i saw something about 2 months ago maybe an hour after it got dark .
you can message me if you dont want to give info out .
i was thiniking it was a cluster of internally lit balloons now im curious to hear your story !
they only see that they could get btc at 5k they do n't see that 9/10 exchanges would probably go bankrupt mass adoption would be impossible forever from that point onwards institutional investors will take a step away from the cryptospace ... nothing guarantees that we could ever see prices we see today if something like that would happen .
no offensive to the official but if u point out who is the detective
and who is a free fighter '' ill point out the fanart as detective
christ ... . all of these nonsense talking points have been disproven again and again and again and anyone making a serious argument in this case would know that .
xd yes i really love thundering away the soaked enemies .
of listings 100 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22faby_tr 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 2 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22faby_tr 22 20or 20title 3a 22faby_tr 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
es gab auch erst marco origins und dann rage of empires .
there is nothing to study in computer just learn the syntax and hope your brain works in the exam
meanwhile me in a cutter puts 4 pips to systems you scanned tout last ship commander ''
while i agree they should have chairs at least they wo n't have weak backs and abdominals from sitting for 8 hours .
pink def looks sexy af on you prob looks even better on the ground next to you !
italia è tra i membri che hanno fondato nato ?
it looks like your post is missing the correct title format .
ex 21 r4r location let 's go out for drinks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sfbaypersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not was more than enough time to find out that the masthead is overtuned and to discover some other bugs .
it 's only then useless if you are unable to make the necessary changes/bug fixes in that 5 day window and there is the issue .
i ca n't believe im really doing it lol it seemed so impossible when i first started .
given that they 're driving on the right hand side of the road it 's not a leap to come to that conclusion
bbbut my hero lil joey says otherwise.. does this mean he 's uniformed..
i hope this does n't mean i have to get that portrait of his face i tattooed on my whole back removed.. toe 's sycophants
reminds me of my dog she 's very short but can catch rats almost as big as her .
this situation is very nuanced so it 's hard to pass judgment .
i personally feel that everyone would benefit from some sort of therapy if able to so i do n't think your wife should just dismiss the idea .
in saying that reading between the lines of her comments of you moving on and not letting her talk to you properly it sounds like you 're not emotionally there for her and are just in fix it mode .
maybe letting both your guards down and grieving together will enable you both to get into a good place to start grief counselling .
lastly i just want to pass on my condolences you both suffered a tremendous loss and i commend you both for even being out of bed and speaking to one another .
until last week it was only azure ad but now it 's google too .
it 's kind of a big deal it took years .
also wwdc is only a few weeks away so we might find out about other idps being added then .
lol you are right i too hold my dick every time i am high .
i 've been trying to sign up for the site but i ca n't get an activation link .
rape is n't about sex it 's about power .
someone obsessed with power and control over others is going to see politics as an ideal vocation .
well first canada is not communist and the people who say that are fuckin ' morons .
but no when people say they are moving to the states the general response is good luck with that . ''
and if they are going to be like screw this place !
that 's it i 'm moving to the states ! ''
we really do n't have to say or think anything about their political affiliation .
they could just be sick of the weather for all we know .
we generally do n't like complainers so we just keep our distance and just be glad that soon they wo n't be our problem anymore .
soo is this river crossing becoming the new kherson airport '' shelling ?
i always thought this kind of thinking that float rphs suck and are not real '' pharmacists is absolutely ignorant .
think about what a float rph has to do .
they not only have to do all the same tasks as an rph working at a permanent store but they have to work in different stores every day with different coworkers every day with different customers every day and usually if you are filling in at a store it means they are understaffed for a reason thus usually have a mess to clean up so you usually are going into a very difficult situation .
it is much harder to show up in a store you have never been at and you are not familiar with anything .
you do n't get to know the recurring clientele which can really help to know .
you do n't have that camaraderie that those working together for long periods of time do .
you have no clue where anything is so every task you try to complete you are lost .
and on top of all of that you have what you are mentioning in your post ... customers and coworkers already pre-judging you as a lazy non-real '' pharmacist without even knowing you or how you work .
i was always impressed with floaters and extremely thankful for them as it is a tough job .
i also started as a floater for the first 6 months until i became a pharmacy manager for one of the stores i filled in at frequently .
all you can do is do your best and be a solid pharmacist .
if you do your job they should start asking for you when they need shifts covered .
ignore the ignorance and immaturity of those who do not appreciate you nor the difficulty floating entails .
you 'll need that extra energy to work through that lunch break you will never get .
if it was me it would have been man overboard
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/habits !
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/habits subject=request for post review account karma to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/habits if you have any questions or concerns .
go ahead and laugh it up nephews we deserve it for the utter disgrace that was game 7 .
trust me even this beats that fucking story about sarver and the goats .
it 's a big car and difficult to park .
firstly i hope we get much more conclusive than ‘may ' when talking about making people jobless .
secondly it found for omicron that 2 dosed people and unvaccinated shared the same viral load however boosted did show some reduction .
should we also fire all people who are only 2 dosed as they pose equal risk in terms of viral load ?
muffins made with a little weed from the weed closet .
just use furlcalling finger remedy again and it will turn off and you can summon spirits again .
lmao i googled it and just like the dell g5 and newer alienware computers they have a nonstandard proprietary motherboard and power supply .
if you look at the right hand side the front io is direct from the motherboard meaning this motherboard wo n't fit in any other case .
https i.pcmag.com/imagery/reviews/05jwtie5hx7bemegddxzwsg-6.fit_lim.size_720x.jpg literally designed to be thrown away when another component breaks .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
it sucks but all i can say is dont give up and be persistent .
top and bot strings are the same and there are octaves .
you need to memorize them by focusing initially on natural notes first .
i recently managed to tame the white arabian because it got stuck in the lake after running from wolves .
so you can still tame them if you manage to climb on
type in the set number on the bottom of the card into ebay and check sold listings
your post has been removed since it does not follow the proper tagging guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
removed your karma score is below 10 please reach this before posting again .
you get karma by commenting on subreddits and people upvoting it .
this action is to prevent spam on the subreddit .
please note that award karma does not count towards our karma requirement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
some people expressing some sympathy for how his life has been destroyed because of this etc ... completely evaporated for me reading that .
if you ca n't accept proper culpability then no sympathy for me .
out of all of our allies bulgaria is the most competent by far .
i 'll keep monitoring and see how it goes .
but all in all he looks happy for now .
v8 rwd family hauler and i can go fishing ?
what 's the one thing you 've bought that 's brought you the most joy ?
i think most of us here have been banned at least once for stating absolutely true facts that the public refused to accept until months later ... reddit wo n't un-ban though .
masks are not used to keep medical professionals healthy they are used to protect the patients and they do n't use cloth masks .
i know you have a vaccine fetish so you do you
but do n't force others to comply with your fetish
so companies can mandate an experimental vaccine or treatment with no previous tests ?
good eye that 's probably why i had issues .
i 'll try again tonight thanks for the tip !
if you have n't already please take a minute to read our rules https reddit.com/r/adhd/about/rules we will remove your post if it breaks one and also check out our list of official megathreads here https www.reddit.com/r/adhd/comments/nu534w/official_list_of_radhd_megathreads_please_check .
if your post fits into one of them it is likely to be removed if you think this might happen you can delete your post here and resubmit it there instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adhd if you have any questions or concerns .
imho sure that you have your reasons but i personally find it simpler to make a cube and then delete faces to get a room started .
giving birth has nothing to do with trans '' mentally ill men giving birth .
i 'm answering your irrelevant question with an equally irrelevant question to make a point .
for a company that claims to be 100 authentication etc plastered all over their website and app you 'd think they would have multiple layers of failsafes in place to account for human error .
this is bullshit that anyone would have to deal with this nonsense .
their website should say 90 because it 's definitely not 100 .
unionizing is when employees band together to demand better treatment and pay .
working against those efforts does n't win you friends in the workplace especially a workplace where your team reportedly gets special treatment from the execs and is insulated from the struggles of your coworkers .
you 're also statistically more likely to be victimized by someone you know so you better not talk to anyone ever because that 's just putting yourself at risk .
you guys are both right to a point at the end it 's about the experience of a player and how to utilize his given equipment .
cards make it easier to succeed yet having no clue about how to properly conceive and react to a situation will only make it worse .
so it boils down to experience and the knowledge you accumulated to utilize it up to that point .
while obscure trivia is n't worth asking about just asking about experience does n't cut it .
you should be asking questions to determine how much a candidate actually knows and that means trying to stump them .
however this is best done with more open-ended questions that avoid trivia ie design your own routing protocol instead of what are the differences between ospf and is-is .
jack morris was going to be a free agent at the end of the year yeah that 's oh so different than correa who is all but certain to opt out at the end of the year .
but go ahead keep dreaming of this magical fairy tale time where the twins will ever have a better team with better pitching on paper than the yankees and dodgers if only the front office would follow your dream of never trying to win now and instead always looking for a theoretical future that has never and will never match reality .
remember when blood used to play video games with us ?
the abyss is going to regret the day it ever existed .
if it happens with other controllers likely a bug that could see a reinstall
god i hope its public vandalism and not like serial rape cause that is rad as fuck .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetloversheaven if you have any questions or concerns .
sunday i had 5 bogeys 1 double and 1 birdie .
would n't say insane but your pops is being a bit over dramatic .
i mean other than forgetting your lunch it sounds like you 're not living on minecraft or spending every waking second on it or throwing tantrums when you 're not allowed to play .
why would i choose the bible over any other holy book tho ?
it just boggles my mind how many people expect their sos to be as comfortable around their parents as they are .
he needs to understand that needs to be reduced real quick .
a guy spending time with his parents every weekend is n't going to be fully engaged in his own family life with a small child .
do you have any time when you 're not working that you 're not watching the baby ?
hmm good yes vey good. the man talked to himself .
those same players come across an expedition and grab every remnant with good positives without even considering the overwhelm 100 of physical defense mod or others then get one shot and get salty .
like ya you have one defensive layer armor you used a remnant to turn it off and you died .
hehe stimmt das ist wirklich nur ein optisches detail .
the site has a video on how to use the pattern .
what i do is print out the pattern tape it together and lay a roll of pattern paper over it and trace the size i use .
i also consider the advantages to outweigh the dis for me personally but many people do n't feel that way
and you 're right being autistic is what makes you you .
we 'll never know because it 's not possible to change between nd and nt but it would make you a completely different person .
all posters please remember that this subreddit requires peer-reviewed cited sources please see rule 1 and 3 .
all posts that do not have citations will be removed by automod .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asksocialscience if you have any questions or concerns .
your attorney needs to be asking for a copy of the trust and an accounting statement on behalf of the children who are the actual beneficiaries .
time for your attorney to get the trust and figure out what your children are entitled to .
diarrhea or very loose stools feeling sleepy after dinner less apetite preference of sweet sugarly food .
damp can develop into the more yin substantial phlegm visible in overweight or cancers
it 's on the other side of the world for some people .
libertarianism is n't restricted to one area of the world nor should it be off-topic or unreasonable to discuss the movement or things contra dangerous to the movement on a global level unless the purpose of the sub is usgoldandblack
people were able to migrate their tokens over in different amounts if desired .
if you had 10,000,000 billion for example you could migrate 5,000,000 billion in one transaction then 1,000,000 billion in another transaction and so on until it was completely migrated over .
yeah the campus is lovely there 's always some sort of construction work going on tho
oh right trains have some cards like flying pegasus railroad stampede and urgent schedule that can help bring out ancient gear monsters .
i need the icy snow but i 've just gotten in so i 'm going to check my list real quick
nope but at least i 'm in currently in the process of progressing enough so that some day i might be genuinely happy with myself
franklin had to become a killer to survive in the game .
2003/2004 time lo maa tv lo ‘faction faction ' or ‘faction action ' peru sariga gurthuledhu ani oka program vochedi .
but they do n't love you and you do n't love them so why deal with them ?
nta they do n't care about you you do n't have to care about them either
now i want victorian london street-urchin '' siri for a more working-class vibe .
so you are saying wiggins is a winner and bridges is a loser 🤔
now if only people would follow sub rules we might actually progress as a society .
the megathread about the twab exists for a reason .
fuck'em that 's why i'am doing all the research on my own so that i have my homework ready for a doctor 's visit
when i first started reading it i thought oh cool he is worried you might get burned while cooking .
he loves your cooking and you clearly know what you 're doing so no idea why he is insisting you wear it while cooking .
read your update and are you sure it 's not a fetish but he just wo n't admit it ?
i 've never heard of an apron being a basic tool for cooking .
my wife and i both cook and neither one of us wear aprons .
what is this missionary contraband icloud and dropbox business ?
brazilian elder bought a gameboy with pokemon and a bunch of other games took it home with him understandably since its super pricey in brazil
elder from colombia bought a neo geo pocket and sonic
i bought final fantasy vii and viii for playstation enjoyed holding them in my hands and then shipped them home for when i got back .
tapes of truman g madsen and john bytheway being copied all around the mission
the best buy and frys electronic ads that used to come in the mail .
at one appartment the old owner got bi weekly catalogs of palm pilot apps and accessories ... all these made great bathroom reading material
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rarepuppers if you have any questions or concerns .
however in apex 's case playing 12 hours a day with a 3 stack to get to the upper ranks is n't just a matter of skill and determination anymore .
my issue with this is at that point are we really getting an accurate representation of people who are truly the best at the game ?
we are just getting the best people with the most resources .
in your chess example people can work their whole lives gradually improving at chess and working toward grand master with whatever time thay have available .
the door is fully open to them even if they do n't have 12 hours a day to dedicate toward it .
and it is possible to do much of that work alone self study internet resources etc .
but in the end this may just be an unfortunate outcome .
there 's no realistic way to keep everyone happy .
it just seems that ranked has rubberbanded from one extreme to another .
i am still holding out hope that there can be minor tweaks to improve the overall experience .
if it 's not been cold stored it 's a risk .
safer to overexpose at 25-50 iso and be sure .
meinwerk pays off sooner aachen pays off more over time .
you can shoot the hanger doors open on the bigger ships or there are also two smaller more accessible doors above it which also require ballistic lockpicking
i dont think the meta is awfull but ive been really struggling stillt to find any decks that arent trash tier and i actully enjoy playing for the classes i still need the golden portaits for dh warlock priest mage shaman hunter
imagine a movie where the 4 lead actors have that many oscars ?
this particular outfit was originally based on the arctic mystic code before i heavily modified it .
after the pickup time if i do n't see them at least working on it i walk out and unassign the order .
i do n't let it piss me off anymore .
also if i walk in and see 2 or more dashers waiting for their orders i unassign and move on .
if you are planning to do a mdd with the 80k csp and still have a sapphire now is the time to pc that sapphire to a freedom you only have a couple days left to get that done .
since monday is a holiday better to start the process on monday and not on sunday since you want to avoid weekend and holiday for 2nd app .
i hear what you saying but it 's telling that you said to walk into an all white church in rhode island .
why not the all white church across the street ?
is it because there would be too many similarities between the two that would invalidate your point ?
now my boyfriend made a nickname out of it ...
i did but then she started eating it i let her tear some things up because she did n't eat any of the pieces .
now at 11 months she ended up in the er with a 1400 bill .
i 'm so glad i got pet insurance for her and now having to retrain her on what she can and ca n't take .
maybe not but ive been to a waffle house at 3 am
i could n't imagine having a child with a narc in your life .
i made it three months after my daughter was born before i cut mine out of my life
no one is responsible for random people on the internet jesus fuck
ahh yes ... is this the cousin of the just asking questions '' defense ?
imagine thinking you can direct an entire mob of people towards one person and then going i 'm not responsible '' 😂
how many times am i gon na see this same lie ?
not only that but the 60 senators were not all pro-choice .
abortion was also at a gnarly 30 polarity rating and passing a law would 've done nothing when republicans or scotus overturned it .
codifying roe requires a constitutional amendment which means 2/3rds of congress and 3/4ths of the states to ratify .
and no they do n't circumvent the filibuster the fact that the aca still stands is proof of that .
i 'd say both or yes just to troll right back
hilda does n't need much to be a beast tbh .
i think the most important thing is to get her hit 20 as she would miss a lot without it .
in my last playthrough she was such a speed demon fastest unit in my game by far .
you should have a basic grasp of latin if you are perusing this subreddit .
anyway the shows themselves are their own proof is what i 'm trying to say .
i 'll grab some in a bit but i 'm working now .
i saw some critical comments but thats good to help to improve .
the project is in alpha stage and will go in beta in the next weeks .
a stellar community funding has just aplied thats the reason why the video has been developed
nfts will be launched with official partner deals with clubs for demo we have some dummy nfts in the testnet at the moment .
we will have like more a replica of the real world and its perhaps for a crypto enthusiast a bit boring but we need to reach the normal football fan not that much familar with crypto and sophisticated 3d worlds ...
it will be a challange to get an acceptance in the mainstream so the project is different from sophisticated developments as the most crypto experts following .
i can copy here some points we submitted to stellar community fund recently iam very happy about ideas and critics
between 2016 and 2019 the company was active in the sale and marketing of physical football fan merchandise .
this has generated a number of great partnerships and the company is well connected in the football world .
since 2020 the focus has been on the development of to the development of megafanworld
we are currently in alpha stage with the blockchain elements running on stellar testnet .
megafanworld includes a web-based custodial stellar wallet aiming to make crypto micropayments and nfts accessible to all users without crypto experience .
a non-custodial option is also available for users who prefer to manage their own private keys .
megafanworld users can proudly exhibit their nfts in their digital 3d fanroom .
the fanroom reads out the blockchain and displays the nfts in the user 's wallet .
clubs can engage with their fans through stellar blockchain based voting and surveys using a voting token .
users are rewarded with voting tokens nft trophies or other incentives for meaningful participation in megafanworld 's social media portal or as game rewards .
where do you want to be in 6 months ?
starting in summer 2022 fans of a traditional german football club already under contract with the company will be invited to act as community beta testers and provide their feedback to help further improve the platform .
after the beta testing period and development period we are planning to go live with a public version on stellar mainnet in the autumn of 2022 .
we aim to have around 5 football clubs signed on as partners and at least 50.000 active users by the end of 2022
megafanworld has partnered with fds soft for the development of the megafanworld metaverse .
fds soft is highly experienced with webapps and blockchain development .
further development of the metaverse with additional stellar blockchain elements for example nft breeding voting token and other utility tokens fractionalised ownership e.g .
development of the interact-to-earn concept utilising a stellar-based utility token .
development of stellar-based nft technology including breeding of meme nfts trading platform improvements to the 3d fanroom and games
football clubs have a huge following up to 500 million world-wide
club 's main income from ticket sales tv rights sponsors and merchandise sale
few opportunities in social media or esports for organized competition between football fans
some nft offers by football clubs but mainly aimed at crypto enthusiasts and speculators but the core target group of a club regular fans who are not familiar with crypto are not included
megafanworld virtual 3d world as online focal point for football fans and clubs
digital collectibles nfts clubs can monetise their brand and players online fan room to show and collect digital assets .
fanwallet custodial web-based stellar wallet making nfts and crypto accessible to a broad userbase without prior crypto knowledge .
for use as micropayment and voting solution for clubs and fans .
the web-based custodial stellar wallet of the megafanworld enables easy access – without knowledge of the crypto market – comparable to buying in an online shop .
the fan can set up an individual fan room deposit virtual furniture and nft-based virtual objects in his room .
in the social media section of megafanworld fans can chat or communicate with each other like on facebook .
every user has a personal football newsfeed that is fed and configured from various sources to match their favorite club .
the fan can easily share and comment on interesting news with others .
in megafanworld there are attractive nft-based 3d fun games to choose from .
players move around a virtual city with their avatar and receive points for certain
fun 3d game free kick vs. other single players delivers ultra-fast multi-player free kick action .
within the megafanworld is a virtual shop for selected fan articles from the partner clubs .
clubs can set up digital exhibition rooms halls of fame or shops – to present the assets .
fanwallet and tokens can also be used for voting/surveys/prize raffles
majority of batsmen are clueless against rashid not just buttler
r/onlyfans_promo is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like it depends on you and how happy you are
i just wish half a mil would get you more than a fixer upper .
holy shit i think i 've seen this grave !
at få mindsket andet trafik vil alt andet lige gøre det muligt for offentlig transport at glide nemmere .
selvfølgelig skal vi stadig sætte flere busser ind men hvis vi får fjernet andet trafik så kan busser køre mere regelmæssigt .
thanks why do doctors say there is no risk at all from receiving blowjobs ?
cdc mentions on its website about the same thing ?
if the case is not properly grounded it will re-emit some of the caught radiation .
if the microwave fucks with wifi it may simply be that the socket lost the ground connection .
there 's cheap devices that you can plug in that check this .
interesting the guy is a republican but the only partisan affiliation mentioned in the article is another lady who is a democrat .
lazy i have n't looked into any detail i think they 're both fucked up so obviously 50/50 '' or
i used to say 100 jd at fault but in the face of overwhelming evidence of ah being an abuser i still ca n't admit jd is innocent so i have to say 50/50 '' .
they could start an investigation for basically assuming you were gay because they had a pretty wide latitude on what counted as observing homosexual behavior '' .
basically you make a joke with a buddy and smack him in the ass now you 're able to be investigated and thrown out .
half the military would be kicked out for that .
not to mention the fact that it was n't up to local commanders to kick people out under the policy .
the policy was groundbreaking and directly led to gays openly serving .
people like you bash incrementalism not realizing that things simply can't be changed in one fell swoop because the public wo n't accept huge changes all at once .
ok this was not my experience when i ordered and is v suspect .
one thrust and i was done thankfully the girl didnt make it weird .
i cleaned myself and went for a second round right away .
this time 13 minutes i literally looked at the clock over the night stand before start our second round .
or follow me haha that would be even better 3
i 'm just passing along an idea i had that i think would be good in the game .
idea 1 a stasis fragment that extends the stasis slow duration specifically but sacrifices the amount of stacks applied to highlight the slow aspect of kits that can apply it .
this would highlight different unique builds that interact with slowing specifically which we do n't really have all that much right now .
also introduce this along with fragments focused on enemies being slowed .
idea two is in a similar vain where it reduces slow stacks on abilities that slow but it ups the damage in those abilities such as if you throw a duck field grenade and it doeeesss 10 damage a second but applies 20 slow stacks in pvp then reduce the amount of slow stacks down to 10 but up the damage 1 for 1 where it does 20 damage a second equally so it would act like how other continuous grenades work with damage while keeping some of the slow .
shang chi had a bmw as one of the main characters
either slacking professionalism or mercs are way better to solve the issue .
sometimes the link does n't work so for manual entry the code is vzaff5kn
we 'll both get £20 when you join and pay in £20 .
you went from objective criticism of bamba to bullshit arguments about him not being cool the second it was pointed out that you did n't know what the hell you were talking about .
johnny leaning in closer to see what drugs the guy was on is perfection
the thing is that all these apps start out low and lossing money to quickly gain a large user base then they increase prices to what they actually should be .
hello u/robertochocula your post was removed because you have not been verified on this subreddit .
all users are required to be verified before posting !
verification requires a photo/gif of the model holding a piece of paper with their reddit name our subreddit name and the date .
please submit the link directly to the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwcosplay .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwcosplay if you have any questions or concerns .
a skill gem also deals almost no damage without links .
do n't fight a 6l monster if you dont have defenses for that dmg type
mental health minister sarah guillemard rolled out the broad strokes of a five-year roadmap to address gaps in mental health treatment and care .
the five year plan is to have the ndp take government and actually start funding physical and mental healthcare .
what happens if i am both a crazy cat lady that is depressed and has a counter top full of house plants ? ? ?
there was a big navy ship cruising through the great lakes the other day .
the main actress usually does n't have a strong chinese accent see at the start of this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=oqgfxuzzi5g so it 's hard to say .
i will say that my partner who was born in china thought that she did a great job so it might be that you are n't used to the accents .
she was intentionally acting as someone who does n't speak good english and i thought it was a pretty close approximation but it 's all opinion really so your mileage may vary
i think a lot of prejudices come before their justifications .
show up first and then people go looking for reasons why they can keep them .
christianity like lots of traditions is big enough to have all sorts of justifications which is why christians wind up on both sides of debates like the gay rights movements and black lives matter today and the abolition of slavery centuries ago and ...
how do we know that what are inside earth ?
do we somehow dig through the deepest layer of earth ?
yaya i hope you keep finding more friends and enjoying the app !
i ca n't wait for her to write a book on how crazy this trial is .
i hate it because the last 40 is the hardest part and it 's so long yet i also love it
the cost basis for them would be about 45 per share about 40 for the option they paid plus the 5 that will be needed to exercise it .
he started by punching up and then people realized all he was doing was punching down from a higher soapbox
i know i had an issue on my ps5 that was causing crackling with my soundbar and switching the audio format to linear pcm fixed my issue .
i would check your audio configuration on your tv and any other source of sound going to your soundbar .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
we aussies took one massive tragedy to say enough is enough .
twelve days after the port arthur massacre the australian prime minister john howard announced a sweeping package of gun reforms in a country where firearms had long been considered an essential prop in the national mythology of life in the bush .
at that stage the gun lobby was the ruling lobby in australia says philip alpers associate professor at the university of sydney .
what happened at port arthur is that they were outpaced outflanked and outwitted by a man who had the power to move in 12 remarkable days.
gunman martin bryant is taken from an ambulance into royal hobart hospital after an 18-hour standoff with police after the shootings .
tim fischer was leader of the national party and howard 's deputy prime minister in the coalition government charged with persuading sceptical country voters to support or at least accept reforms .
the usa is not prepared to act on their tragedies.
it 's either got or getting the aquatics very soon it 's coming with nemesis
oh no you had a hard life so you can get away with lying and putting a man in prison because of it .
also the whole thing is sickening but still ... .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you so much i 'll try out both ways !
and to comment on the quick and dirty way like my teacher said if it sounds good roll with it 🤣🤣
not sure his process but these chords on terribly difficult although the changes happen a bit fast .
are you using a capo on the first fret ?
from memory the chords are e g b7 e am b e a
if you 're playing without a capo you 're going to have a bad time .
when someone can use hindu muslim politics why ca n't i use it
i am close to my endgame that 's for sure !
waiting for my wage in a few says and will probably pull the trigger on orochi if not i can always return it to amazon as their prices are almost the same as secondary market .
i will kill a large yet unspecified amount of people if it could make me cis .
i do n't care which gender i just hate being this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
why megabus does n't allow liquor in your under-bus luggage ?
is special operation '' russian for crimes against humanity ?
i personally prefer the term pavlik morozov 2.0 '' as it really captures the fact that the russian state media is yet again lying to their own people .
aight im done with his putin clouded mind and your sensitive mind see ya
i know i am just giving an example of how shitty his tastes are .
regarding marvel he loved eternals so much he watched it two times he thinks the loki series has no plot holes and loki is consistent to the character he used to be in previous movies and in falcon and winter soldier john walker did the wrong thing killing a terrorist and is an evil guy .
so its no use debating about this stuff with a guy so retarded .
do n't need bill nye the lying to tell me that my eyes are deceiving me when he clearly is
in about the mid 80s my dad interviewed at some car manufacturer .
part of the process was to strip down and reassemble a car door .
a few years ago i was pulled up on my time to do work .
manager said i 'm concerned about how you 're getting those times .
i tried posting this as well and got down voted as well .
here recently vice media spoke about the russians in ukrainians coming across the mexican u.s. border .
it 's crickets when people do n't connect the dots on these stories .
chelsea have to recruit to rebuild some sort of team if they want to compete next season .
they probably need 2 cbs and a rb as back up to james .
they will most likely assess their wide forwards and striker and perhaps look to bring in a player in this position .
they may also look for a central midfielder depending what they decide to do with gallagher although his usually operates higher up the pitch .
i think chelsea have a lot of good youth if they were to commit to this they would still have a strong team future but it might mean an initial drop off it will be interesting to see if they go down this route but i suspect they wo n't initially .
i accidently clicked on hz once when i wanted to play rush
i would say the 'pink cloud ' arrived about three weeks in lasted a fortnight and while it 's great while it last i have to agree with a previous poster that it sets unrealistic expectations of sobriety
background check will not keep guns of the hands of criminals .
you know that the take 's gon na be shit as soon as they spell truscum wrong .
there are two other factors here that the battery ca n't manage and one causes significant damage especially to lion batteries
my wife leaves her mac a 3 year old mba on a charger most of its life and has less than 200 cycles and now 71 total charge which is really bad .
time spent over 50c overall temp is really bad like leaving your phone or pc in direct sunlight or crashed on in a backpack and drawing from the battery at the same time so it is also generating heat .
the batteries get really hot in spots way hotter than 50c and it damages the battery chemistry in a way i do not have the knowledge to understand but i know this occurs .
it only takes a couple times to really hurt a battery .
back in the 90s/2000s the nimh batteries were all about fully draining and cycle count .
i have replaced a hundred or so batteries on powerbooks ibooks and similar for wear where 100 cycles is about their limit before refusing to hold 5 minutes of power .
the lion/lipos keep getting higher and higher cycle counts thanks to better and better chemistry manufacture but they are still as sensitive to temperature as they ever have been .
so assuming your little chemical sheet-cake wrapped in foil tape was manufactured correctly since they are little sheet/roll cakes there seems to be some variation in quality from battery to battery so this can not be overlooked there is a good chance at some point in it 's life it got really hot and was injured in this incident beyond excessive top-up charging 80-100 charging .
and somewhere in those 4 factors is the cause of your issue .
and/or ... just a thought ship and load snow and ice from the northern states .
we have more than enough and end up not having places to put it it ends up creating more of a detriment and hurts space management .
depending on how you do it it may be a win-win .
i remember googling her when i first saw mean girls in 2004 and thinking she was too old to be playing a teen at 27/28 even though she looked great and then many years later her birth year changed to 1978 ...
people do n't shoot up schools for fun they do it because they feel the need to destroy something pure to return the hatred that 's been thrust upon them by being born .
you can deny it if you want but the problem is n't only guns .
in the bright engrams or the rotating weekly shop .
looks like he 's singling a courting song and she 's actively listening .
never underestimate them or the idiocy of the australian people or the insidiousness of the murdoch machine to get von kipler in power .
we saw last election with shorten that it does n't take much to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory .
the prospect of that fascist wannabe as pm is utterly terrifying .
thank for your submission on r/thethiccness for all degrees of thiccness .
r/chubbygirlsgw a body positive sub for chubby girls and those that love them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thethiccness if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's crazy for once the hunters are the ones not complaining about the changes .
anyway i feel like titans got it worse with how many nerfs they were given .
the new aspect is cool sure but everything that already existed is dogshit now i ca n't possibly put into words my disappointment when roaring flames x3 peregrines felt like it did about as much damage as a shotgun shot
kellogg has always had a tendency to be springtail heaven because of what is in it .
let the soil dry out and boil those shells if you want them in the pot .
i say this because the shells are pits of little goodies that can hide bad things .
i do n't want to see you get the springtails under control only to realize they were keeping something else at bay .
so many cams from this performance i probably wo n't post them all
staring at that delicious pink asshole whilst your wet pussy swallows my cock ... ..about 3mins😉😍
i have no problems with but many players underrating the sca vs .
i lile the game now and dont need wipe .
i hope no trader or flea event comes back .
it seems these trackers are attached to their shells with fiberglass and resin .
luckily such proper attachment methods are designed not to harm the sea turtle damage its shell or increase the turtle 's chances of being tangled .
but not that girl using the chalkboard eraser as a napkin 😭
idk if this is true but apparently a cop ran in and killed him
my toxic stardew trait is not giving a single solitary shit about passing out in the mines .
you lose 1,000 gold and a bit of energy the next day .
worth it if i can buy a little extra time to get more resourcea
i also wonder if i will get permaban due to my comment .
also.. way to go to bring up the mood on the subreddit by having a way over the top threat by permaban .
humour and fear has allways gone hand in hand.. p
i do n't even care what it does i just want my mail coat on my warlock again .
you know what needs to be done and for what it 's worth never waste your time chasing attraction that is n't reciprocated
it 's not about developing feelings its about feeling them .
if she does n't then that 's fair but it means you are not for each other .
simple tell her you accept she doesnt love you you have to deal with your feelings so you are cutting contact for forseable future and cut contact .
do n't succumb to idiocy of 'staying friends ' that 's not an option for now first you need to un-love your brain
been waiting til i 've painted more of my pile of shame down before printing this same model for my be'lakor too !
awesome job man hope mine comes out this good too
thank you very much that helps me a lot you 've put my mind at ease by giving me some more options 😊
not enough mud go down between 7 to 10 blocks and fill it completely with mud
but that hasnt been used since the tragic year of '92
what if someone suprises you with a rogue finger up the bum ?
kid me was legit upset when she gurren lagaan ! kissed kamina .
the compelling evidence is n't that illegal votes were cast .
the problem with the movie is that it calls back to an overreaching claim about how trump may have won in 2020 .
the correct takeaway is to increase scrutiny on these illegal practices to prevent them from happening in 2022 and beyond as well as start investigating the nonprofits involved in 2020 .
he started with a player less on his tribe .
he then proceeded to dominate the team challenges to an extent never seen before .
he completed a challenge alone while carrying maryanne that no other tribe could complete when working together .
people on this sub have always preferred the nerdier less popular with casual fans '' style of player to the point of delusion .
this cast could not have made it more clear that jonathan was a target because of his physical dominance .
challenge beasts have been prime targets in survivor since early seasons with many teams literally throwing challenges just so they could vote guys like jonathan off .
team challenge dominance does n't just save yourself from immunity .
it allowed jonathan to bring taku to the merge with a majority .
he then ensured they 'd stay together with his taku strong '' alliance .
this lets him have his initial alliance be the jury majority if he makes it to the end .
challenge beasts can control the game while gaining jury credit .
if a guy like omar or russell want to control the game they have to backstab and potentially risk a bitter jury .
that 's why since literally the very first challenge people realized that dominating in them puts a huge target on your back .
the only way you 'd refuse to understand it is if you really really hated jonathan which fair .
he 's often shown the stubbornness and crankiness a guy like him is stereotyped to .
dreya and hai look to have given omar a hard time ponderosa for just playing the game .
he seemed really shaken up about it and most of this sub 's reaction to that is survivor 's an emotional game it 's understandable drea and hai are reacting angrily and irrationally '' .
yet when jonathan gets upset this sub views him as stupid brutish and scary .
this is why for this season alone this sub wo n't admit the very basic obvious fundamental survivor fact that excelling in challenges gets you targeted .
you girls better not bulli my poor ari otherwise you 're in for an ass whooping done the american way !
bc we do want to look at these beautiful plump round tits
these look tasty and i enjoy seeing recipes that use drumsticks since they 're typically much cheaper
officers donut and donothing the court sentences you to 12 years of teaching middle school . ''
it used to exist but now it 's discontinued .
you will need a third party tool for the job .
thanks for your suggestion but i believe you 've misunderstood .
i believe we should have a dedicated trunk release button on the screen next to glove box release regardless of whether the car is in park or not .
maybe grey it out if the car is in motion and enable once the car comes to a stop .
makes it easier than putting the car in park unlocking the doors then seeing the option to release the trunk .
for someone who makes frequent stops delivering things it would be nice to turn 3 actions into one or two .
the other try here is to move the king so it double-defends that spot allowing the knight to move and mate like you say
entering lockers in a game that is already done by 3 gens is toxic now .
the subject of the post provided is about jenn carter getting raped .
so my original reply was in regards to what was posted .
try to do it when near ovulation or ovulation or consult a doctor maybe there is some fertility issues on either of you .
i know what this is an espresso machine no no no a snow cone maker a hot water heater ?
one setting that has a similar problem to that dragon ball situation you used as an example is the original saint seiya .
almost all of the visually impressive stuff happens within like the first volume or two .
from then on many attacks are described as having ludicrous levels of power weapons said to be able to smash stars '' a technique that at the very least can eradicate enormous celestial bodies '' or something of the sort another technique said to be equal to the big bang that gave birth to the universe '' and other examples .
from the very beginning there is basically no unintended consequences for missed attacks and there are only two instances in the whole story where an attack produces an explosion or shockwave .
so it often ends up looking like the attacks are at normal human levels of power since in 99 of cases all they do is launch the target a few meters back .
missed attacks wo n't even scratch floors/walls like they stopped existing the moment they went past the target .
speed also having a problem in that it starts impressive almost everyone since the very first chapter is mach 1 or greater and soon you get characters that we are told ad nauseam that they are lightspeed and we are told exactly how fast that is so it 's not a case of the author using labels he does not comprehend but all that amounts to is to scenes of characters who dodge a bunch of attacks or interrupt someone during a brief vulnerability period .
so if one removed/changed the dialogue there 's no reason to think the absolute weakest and the most powerful characters of the setting are all that far apart .
i think the dialogue mentioning ludicrous power and speed add to the setting since saint seiya revolves around greek gods and mythical warriors at their service in present day and thus those real science concepts it sprinkles in makes it more grandiose and mythological '' but yeah just wanted to let you know it 's an example of ca n't or perhaps it 's more accurate to say wo n't '' show power '' .
if it 's any consolation at least it does n't endlessly scale upwards due to a group of characters in it that show up like 1/4th of the way through the manga becoming very popular with the fans causing the franchise to always revolve around their power level and since they are pretty much at the peak of their power since their introduction that 's where the franchise stays except when it comes to final boss '' fights .
you better be caught up or you are n't in the party ''
that line is the worst take imo the idea that people have to keep up have to like them have to be 'in the party ' .
it 's not the point of the mcu the point of the mcu is to make great films in a shared universe we can all enjoy .
i 'm pretty good looking but insecure about the fact that i ca n't get a close shave .
i play ac to help distract me from food 😂 i 'm dieting it 's super hard but playing animal crossing gives me something to focus on .
i 've actually lost weight so it 's working !
fuck you shoresy__bot your sweety stalked mmolzen10830 's girlfriend in boots n hearts and asked her if she wanted to taste it .
i find plugfones to be the better earplug but isotunes being bluetooth to be more convenient .
i also very much dislike audio-only satnavving though but lots of people seem to get along with it fine and it definitely saves buying a load of brackets .
also one way round that that i 've completely forgotten is a tank bag many/most have a rainproof pocket on the top for your phone and putting it there will keep it away from the vibrations presumably and also mean you can just bung a usb charger in there if you 're worried about battery life .
i 'm not defending exclusives in a perfect world every game would be available on pc but they exist for a reason .
even so consoles would still healthily exist in this world .
or at least at the start then they 'd have to eventually adapt .
but even if pc gaming dominated the space there would still be a place for consoles .
past pedigree with 8/9 cuts at colonial with 6t25s and 3t10s coming in as the final round sg leader at the pga championship .
i touch this guy and he goes for a personal worst 8 over in the opening round 7 over at time of posting but i 'm assuming he 'll bogey 18
noting him down for first round fad material from now on .
sucked it up in 1r at the championship too in a 3-ball against 2 club amateurs lol ... god damn it .
i mean trying to mind game an extremely safe loop like the post says is not a smart move to begin with
you need to apologise it does n't matter if they do n't accept it that is their decision to make and you never know they might surprise you you fucked up its time to face the consequences burying your head is n't going to make this go away your alternative is to just cut all ties and never return to school but that would be an even worse thing to do so stop being an idiot and do the right thing and trying to find an out is n't the right thing .
fairs it does n't even work for me that low of dosage
i assume you 're referring to the martyrdom of the apostles and i invite you to check out where those stories came from and whether or not they are reliable when considering the source .
it 's hard to choose but i 'd say the people were my favorite aspect .
even though there 's a language barrier most people were super friendly and welcoming .
depends i guess on the car or the dealer .
see an audi dealership near me has everything on deck though .
i had that look in many conversations when characters did n't say what i thought they would/should .
the hunting party when tom friendly says this is our island and the only reason you 're living on it is because we let you . ''
or in there 's no place like home '' when jack and locke are talking at the orchid jack references locke getting all their people killed . ''
locke only brings up jack pulling the trigger on the gun to his head .
but he does n't say they were killed by the boat of assassins jack summoned to the island .
who were not there to rescue oceanic 815 . ''
i also wish when jack said there 's no such thing as miracles locke had finally told him that he had been paralyzed .
but his line watch what i 'm about to do '' is certainly quite good .
those thin blue line people only support the police until the police oppose them .
then they 're willing to beat them to death with a fire extinguisher .
mujhe bhi aisi job chahiye jahan i if i fuck up laddakh jaane ka mauka mile
yes because doncic makes them stand at the 3pt line
update i got my json file organized and it says i have 1515 app opens 1515 swipe likes 1515 swipe passes 1515 super likes 1515 matches 1515 messages sent 1515 messages received ... hah what is happening to me plz help me understand
do you have to do one major dose before you start microdosing ?
well everything is correct on those pokemon and the date is when i received them on wfc and transferred to bank but if you do n't want to trade best of luck
my dad died pretty young so for me i am more afraid of a heart attack than excess skin .
raj is just a walking punchline and howard his bully .
therapy is for dealing with things that has happened to you not for things that has n't happened for you .
for example a person would seek therapy after losing millions of dollars .
a person does n't need to go to therapy just because they never became a millionaire .
i clocked in 90 hours before finishing the story .
you 're asking honest questions and giving an honest response .
i do n't want to discredit their movement but if i did i think i 'd be careful to avoid presuming it 's in the interest of their movement for anyone at all to die and i do n't think that was an intended consequence of any of their protests .
it seemed rather racist to include white people on one side of your comparison when you excluded them on the other side .
i came here for cute hamster memes not haha animal abuse is funny '' the poor thing looks terrified
calorie with a big c '' is a kilocalorie which is 1000 calories with a small c ''
well the verse that you cite here is a reference to the jailer/the law that imprisoned humans until they found faith this does not refer to the old testament or the prophets .
also i am not an expert on this topic but i always thought this supersessionist movement/topic '' was still on debate .
hello your post was removed because your account is less than 60 days old or you do not have the required 500 comment karma to make post submissions .
mad magazine and those stickers that made fun of the products ...
i ca n't remember one of them for the life of me but they were funny too .
if you want something you can reheat anytime of the week make lasagna make sure to include frozen peas and carrots in tomato sauce .
you could get some cheap chicken thighs and sear them on a pan take them off and deglaze the pan with some white vinegar or if you 're not muslim wine is common .
make yourself a nice thick gravy some rice on the side and a baked potato or two .
last thing i have on my mind is burgers .
they 're actually easier than most make it out to be .
you can get a pack of regular burger buns a pack of ground chuck tomatoes i prefer beef steak lettuce i like iceberg and onions red onions always work .
my mixed sauce is one part ketchup one-and-a-half-parts mayonnaise one half-part barbeque sauce a dash of worcestershire sauce black pepper cayenne and a sprinkle of salt .
literally the reason i only climb in a large commercial gym with pillowy soft grades and small batch artisan craft kombucha on tap .
ok but actually i know a few people that are n't like that so your entire point is invalid .
the worst part about it is the audio i 've tried and i have n't found a way to fix it but everything sounds like it 's directly on you
personally i drink them rarely simply because they 're expensive compares to other beverages 🤷🏼‍♀️ i can get a 12 case of my fav store brand soda water for 3.59 tax whereas the store brand n/a beer i get 12 for 7.99 tax so it 's simple math for me there .
the taste is n't worth it for me most of the time .
but if i 'm at a family event or a party i 'll splurge to fit it '' .
so straight girls who like getting their pussy licked uhm what ?
it 's about who you like doing it to you not so much about the sexual act itself .
do they charge the normal checked bag fee for gate checking strollers/car seats ?
that 's a good deal for the ambi with a good trigger thanks
my friend got unbanned from just contacting a mod .
my friend is unbanned now do n't know if the mod was nice or he had a good appeal tho
then i remembered we are halted and even if true i would n't be able to do shit with it .
it 's no different than going to a traditional sports event .
it 's a fun time being around so many people who feel the same way you do about a game and nothing simulates being in a crowd of people going nuts when someone does something sick it 's unmatched .
plus there 's usually tons of pro players just walking around if you wan na chat them up within reason of course .
here to teach you some fun facts about the english royal family !
did you know that during the coronavirus pandemic due to a reduction in their income from rental properties in the crown estate you the taxpayer bailed out the queen ?
https archive.ph/fymo4 did she ever thank you for your help ?
so much for standing on your own two feet under capitalism amirite ?
to summon me again or find out more about me just say reggie-bot '' and i 'll be there !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greenandpleasant if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd love to find a study that proves this will burn more fat than cico .
i prefer to work out first thing in the morning so i work out fasted out of convenience .
wish i could say it 's more optimal but i see no evidence that it is .
i thought they would 've done some kind of multiversal chase scene with at least a minute or two in more universes just showing they exist like accidentally falling into the the zombieverse and barely escape some zombiefied avengers or even crazier would be a crossover in an existing franchise and then falling into a universe where there 's an army of ultron than maybe running into one the monkey verse and they bump into the apevengers something along those lines
say you 've never been to an actual third world country without saying you 've never been to an actual third world country .
the us has a shitload of problems but its nowhere near a third world country
you 're white they 'll love you forreal lol .
just do you and do not turn down food if they offer it .
i 'm short of this material for gears upgrade .
unreal how half of an entire country can be stupid af
that haas in 2021 was having a serious design issue what was already been there in 2020 we know this because grosjean once told about it with overheating it 's rear suspension what cause that the car has become unpredictable and unbalanced at every corner .
in 2022 haas moved on with a whole new car and therefore this design flaw should n't been there and yet mick makes a mess so far .
i get it why seb is saying this but nepotism is exactly one of the main reasons why mick is n't being thrown under the bus by the media and why people stay overrating him .
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
rule 1 do not post or link to anything depicting minors/loli/shota .
rule 3 crop the image to the part for which you want the sauce .
rule 4 check recent posts https www.reddit.com/r/saucesharingcommunity/new for reposts to see if the image for which you want the sauce is already posted by others .
rule 5 limit the posts do not make more than 2 posts within 4hours time .
rule 6 use saucenao https saucenao.com for full/complete images before asking on the subreddit .
rule 7 post direct image links ending with .jpg .png .gif .
check for reposts in most frequently asked sauces mfas https imgur.com/a/b0wqttr .
read more about how our subreddit works on our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/saucesharingcommunity/wiki/index
search image in google https www.google.com/searchbyimage ? image_url=https i.redd.it/8mzm1arhbs291.jpg yandex https yandex.com/images/search ? rpt=imageview url=https i.redd.it/8mzm1arhbs291.jpg saucenao http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/8mzm1arhbs291.jpg
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/saucesharingcommunity if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're the hottest mom i 've ever seen 🥵 and i want you bad 🤤😈
many bulldog breeds have to be born with a cesarean section nowadays since their deformed heads cause huge issues when born naturally .
my name is tuna if u have any questions hit me up !
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/traps to approve your account .
do not delete this post or you will not be replied to .
if your post did not follow the rules you will not be replied to .
due to huge volume of submissions it may take upto a day to respond .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/traps if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm starting to think linux users are a whole safer and smarter than us windows users xd
i 'm just trying to make or tails of this whole thing i 'm a little disappointed in the company and more than a little worried about people who are downloading this software .
are there actually anti-cheats that do n't use rootkits ?
i 'd love to see other people 's recipes .
i 've been using and modifying salads out of cookie and kate 's cookbook lately .
right now doing a red cabbage and mango slaw with kale and edamame added to make it more salad-y
well that 's what they get for being on the bad side .
they should even be grateful that someone forces them to rebel since they clearly are n't brave enough to do by themselves
yep still rocking the original xiaomi mi robot vaccum just like the one in your pic .
lacks a few features like rooms and no go zones but hey still hard to replace it until it breaks battery replacement only .
i 'm clearly having a little fun with a highly emotional defensive individual on a post that i did n't even make lol
i swear what kind of s do some of yall do the series x is in every way better than the s whether it be maintaining steadier framerates or giving that conspicuous resolution bump ...
even the next gen updates on the s seem to have shortcomings as compared to the x and believe me there are several reasons the x is better..believe me i own an s but let 's not put the facts aside
you can have a hot water bottle without threat of third degree burns .
you look amazing in all 3 but that look you 're giving in the 2nd one is too hot
no i mean we are ran through the rcmp system daily .
the following dated june 13 2016 is from the rcmp 's manon fortin manon.fortin rcmp-grc.gc.ca in response to dennis young 's access to information request for cpic statistics
p lease note that in canada after a firearms licence is approved continuous eligibility screening is conducted over the term of the licence .
accordingly all current holders of firearms licences are recorded in the canadian firearms information system cfis .
cfis automatically checks with the canadian police information centre cpic every day to determine whether a licence holder has been the subject of an incident report in cpic.
in a comment you said you are retired so i 'm guessing you 're not trying to make the most money possible over a long period like would be the goal of a 20 year old .
but without the actual goal it 's hard to say .
i do n't know this area in knox county ... what mod is this ?
the b a n a n a s he was saving up for a vacation to florida
do n't you know you can count me out !
the thing about trans identifying male '' is it 's a term literally coined by anti-trans actors .
so even if transphobe '' means nothing to you if you 're not trying to be hateful using a term coined with the specific intent of erasing trans people and being hateful towards them undermines that claim
fuck these meds i 'm 19 on the same thing for almost 3 months and i still loose same amount of hair as before and literally no reductionm
everyone will have different interpretation on what an asshole critique '' is .
for some any criticism is tantamount to a personal attack while for others that line is much farther .
internet can be especially vitriolic even on a good day i definitely would n't suggest that anyone fully take to heart what random people say about their creative endeavors .
to properly work with criticism you need at least some critical thinking skills .
that being said the 'not rewarding '' the bad criticisms ' is n't the best defense and while it might have worked in the earlier volumes the show is way past that point .
rwby is n't made by a small team and posted on the internet for free anymore .
there 's blue-ray releases merchandise spin-offs video games so on and so forth .
at this point rwby is at a level where it 's problems are n't as excusable .
especially when the people working on it clearly are n't keen on solving them .
jaune takes too much screen-time away from team rwby ?
introduce another important character you need to develop and take even more screen-time away from the supposed main characters !
people complain that team rwby are n't doing enough stuff ?
have most of them sit out the volumes finale and have weiss ' kid brother do most of the work !
pointedly get rid of any potential development that could have made her interesting or at least threatening again !
just walk in be interested in what they do and ask the right questions .
the person who downvoted you we can have opinions here and i respect that so i upvoted to make it even
nah they were a slimy cunt and vaush should 've hung up on them
lol selling at a bad time us player wise with 1 more hof than me and u got 250k more mt .
mine sold at 8pm central and went for 940k with 46 hofs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
get to go at my own pace and can start stop whenever i feel like it .
the solitude being alone in a forest is very enjoyable also but make sure someone knows roughly where you 're going in case of an accident .
i do also enjoy riding with buddy 's but the vast majority are solo
in my experience this also gets you the best quality image
🤨 i thought his parents were from today 's croatia ?
wonder when einstein will be a german-american theoretical physicist .
because i have feeling loads of things/people that come from somewhere else and end up in us are getting called origin american .
and as others have pointed out the photo is not real .
if uttering words could curse someone so easy i would find a way to become rich off it lol .
i 've seen this under multiple posts already and it definitely makes me not want to watch it .
i believe you can still reanimate blight steel but you 'd need an instant speed way to bring him back when he hits the yard cuz i believe his shuffle ability is a triggered ability that you can respond to because you can exile the elsrazi titans before they get shuffled i could be wrong on this so if i am feel free to correct me
edit works on the eldrazi titans not blightsteel as his is a replacement effect instead of a triggered ability
its the first thing you see when you search how many days off when the queen dies '' but on deeper research it seems to be incorrect .
i love to be tied up and spanked makes me excited
i have never watched any nxt before so from a strictly aew point of view kyle o reilly is way more applying to me than cole..
i think it also does n't help that cole wrestles literally every week so the shtick got stale fast
if you are ever in or near chicago lem me know
i was assuming that she was super young ... ...
i 'm so glad i have most of them .
i mean low risk as in if you get sick and ca n't work any longer .
i have a method for making them heal faster do n't let them scab !
you do this by dressing them soon after yeeting .
the vaseline acts as a scab so they heal faster .
i played and completed super metroid when it first came out and i was still a kid .
and i like what i 've played of metroid dread so far .
they also create a bit of frustration as my reaction speed is not what it used to be .
i find holding two buttons aiming with the joystick and pressing a third button feels awkward .
and i forget the buttons and use bash instead of beam and vice versa .
i 'm interested in rookie mode though from what i 've read the emmi still ohko .
if emmi depleted a fixed percentage of your health say 50-75 it would still create dread for me .
there are little robots floating around emmi sections that drop a lot of health .
it could have created another sense of dread do i stop to kill these robots or push on ? ''
i know my son would have enjoyed having an 'extra try ' without having to redo whole sections .
your journey with acne and acne-prone skin can often feel like an uphill battle .
we 've rounded up some of our most valuable tips
❗ linog pasidaan lindol babala earthquake warning for mindanao philippines linog reported near san vicente ?
it would fech images from wallhaven.cc via their api and display them in a row and then the user would click on one and it would be downloaded and have another program applied to it .
i ca n't figure out how to fetch the image preview in the app itself .
i have a prototype in electronjs but there i just use the img src and call it a day .
is there a sensible way to do this in rust or should i just stick with electron ?
hey i wanted to try and brew with lutra for a while now but i ca n't get a hold of any of it in my area .
i 'm going out for a vacation in london in a couple of weeks and thought i could bring a couple of packs back home .
anyone has a recommendation for a place in central london where i can buy it ?
i ca n't stop looking at all these goddesses and gooning my girldick
all i can think is how much i want to be pinned down and used like a toy by someone who is clearly better
i need to be some girl 's toy existing for her pleasure alone
houses these days are built with a dryer located away from the outside wall .
because of this you will need a dryer vent connecting your dryer to the outside .
this is where lint is released to the outside .
because of its continuous exposure to lint and other objects it will need regular dryer vent cleaning in order to work properly and avoid any emergencies from happening .
the common causes of clogged dryer vents are lint build-up objects getting stuck in your dryer 's lint trap dirty lint trap or the vent flap not opening .
dryers are usually located far from the outside wall resulting in a longer vent .
because your dryer is far away the vent will be longer and there will be more curves to fit your home 's design .
these curves create nooks and crannies where lint gets stuck or where animals like birds tend to hide .
manufacturers designed the dryer with a lint trap to avoid any lint build-up in your vents .
however if your lint trap is dirty the lint will blow to your vents causing build-up .
the main purpose of your lint trap is to trap the lint separated from the clothes and keep them from being blown away to your vent .
if your lint trap is dirty or full of dirt your lint trap wo n't be able to do its job .
your lint trap does n't only capture lint but is also effective in trapping other objects like coins .
if left unclean it can also lead to clogging .
your vent flap not opening can also lead to clogging .
a vent flap is the one that keeps any objects or animals from entering the vent from the outside .
it opens when it needs to let air in and debris out .
however if it is malfunctioning it might remain closed resulting in lint buildup inside the vent .
all these causes of clogging in your dryer vent can be avoided if you do routine checkups and dryer vent cleaning .
but if your dryer vent is clogged it is best to do a dryer vent cleaning soon as possible .
does my dryer vent cleaning cause the lint to fall outside ?
seeing some lint flying outside around your vent is normal .
it just means it is doing its work blowing away the lint coming from your dryer .
when your lint trap captures the lint when it separates from the clothes it will blow the lint to the vent carrying it outside .
but it can also mean you need dryer vent cleaning .
if unsure it is best to check the vent yourself .
use a leaf blower to help with your dryer vent cleaning
dryer vent cleaning is a must but it may be hard and tricky to do yourself .
if you do n't want to hire cleaners why not start a dryer vent cleaning with a leaf blower to help you out ?
you can use this multipurpose and powerful tool not only to do lawn care and maintenance and also for dryer vent cleaning .
the first thing you need is to gain access to your dryer vent .
prepare your screwdriver you might need it but it depends on the design of your dryer vent .
remove the dryer vent hose connecting your dryer and your air vent .
remove the cover in your dryer vent located outside .
it is very important to remove this cover because it might get damaged because of the air pressure produced by your leaf blower .
you can use a brush or a vacuum to remove all the lint stuck on the cover .
once you are done cleaning the vent cover let us go back inside .
place the nozzle inside the clothes dryer 's air vent .
before turning it on you need to seal the vent around your leaf blower .
you can use duct tape or a towel to do this .
this is to make sure the air pressure is all inside the vent and not leaking around the nozzle .
you can use any type but backpack leaf blowers https schroderusa.com/pages/backpack-leaf-blower are easier to carry and convenient to carry around .
wear the right protective apparel and equipment when you use this machine .
remember it produces loud noises so be sure to wear your protective equipment .
when you are sure your leaf blower and dryer vent are sealed give it a short blast to test .
repeat this a few times to check if there are no air pressure leaks .
if everything is good let your leaf blower run for 30 seconds to clean dryer vent .
go back outside and check if it is effective .
if it is there will be lint all over the place .
when you are done cleaning outside and inside it is time to reassemble everything .
remove the leaf blower and reattach the clothes dryer to the vent .
then attach the cover back to the exterior vent .
important reminder using leaf blowers to clean your dryer vent is not always applicable to all vents .
it is not effective when your vent has a lot of curves or has a concertina-style pipe because the lint might get stuck to the curves .
but if your dryer vent is short and straight you can safely use a leaf blower for dryer vent cleaning .
in addition lint is a flammable material hence clogged dryer vents are considered a fire hazard .
that is why i highly suggest cleaning your dryer vent at least twice a year .
you can clean your dryer vents during fall or spring .
do n't do this during winter when everything is freezing .
it is important to remember that using leaf blowers https schroderusa.com/pages/backpack-leaf-blower does n't guarantee a 100 cleaned dryer vent .
that is why it is important to check the design and structure of your dryer vent first .
if your dryer vent is just a few feet long and straight without any ridges curves or twists you can use leaf blowers .
knowing when you need help is very important especially in this case .
with our team of experts we can answer your questions regarding all models .
visit schröder usa or contact us today for more on dryer vent cleaning and leaf blowers !
version 1.5.78.11833 i 'm playing hollow knight in a keyboard i know a sin and i ca n't down attack while moving to the left i ca n't even up attack but i can while moving to the right i even tested it whit the default options and i still could n't
edit in further testing i have no idea i tried another keyboard a really good one i had rainbow colours and all an i still do n't get why this happens it weirdly does n't happen whit the letters x and 2
i need a recommendation for a good hose end sprayer for liquid fertilizer .
i use jack 's water soluble fertilizer but it has become a chore as i 've expanded my garden .
i 've looked on amazon but have found a lot of products that seem to be pretty cheap and poor quality .
being unable to find these online i 'm looking for full color high-resolution scans of landstalker related game manuals particularly the japanese versions but also anything else from around the world for comparison 's sake .
jeg studerer nordiske sprog i finland og forsøger at lære dansk .
er der nogle discord-servere der jeg kan diskutere på dansk ?
jeg snakker naturligvis også flydende finsk engelsk svensk islandsk og så videre .
i 'm reading that other people have tapered off of effexor safely .
i 'm reaching out to know what kind of withdrawal side effects i can expect deciding to taper off on my own .
i use an app cerebral for my psych meds and it 's just such a chaotic and impersonal situation that i do n't really trust my psychiatrist to know me well enough to care about my needs or to recognize how much worse off i 've been since i began .
basically it has me in a state of constant anxiety and urgency .
every thing every thought feels like the end of my life .
i did n't take it last night and although i feel like shit physically i feel so much more ease mental clarity and connection between mind and soul which honestly it has felt like the meds were building a little prison for my soul and just taking over my brain and body .
however i 've only been taking it for two weeks .
does anyone know if i keep going this will subside ?
or is it more likely that this is simply the wrong medication for me ?
any personal experiences or advice from outside the depths of side effects hell that can help ?
i have a coax cable going from my ground floor up past one floor to the attic and i want to use that cable as a guide to drop an ethernet cable from the attic to the ground floor is this possible ?
i 'm in a standard-sized house in the uk and want to keep the existing coax cable in the wall and working
nansen alpha just released their report on investing in cryptocurrencies !
the report covers how nansen can be used to surface the signal along with other useful indicators to be used while conducting due dilligence .
nansen labels the top performing wallets along with funds institutions as smart money .
this allows our users to be aware of what the best are doing and surface alpha .
the crypto market is complex but transactions that happen on-chain are readily available for everyone to see .
nansen supercharges on-chain data by adding wallet labels that allow users to move in lockstep with some of the smartest investors in the market .
my idiot neighbors had their fence blow down over the winter .
i figured they would fix it before they filled their pool .
i 'd like to dress up a child sized mannequin and throw it in overnight .
i do n't know how to go about attaining such a thing .
so i started this cleaning job two weeks ago and i had n't heard from them this week so i called the boss and she said she 's been trying to call and text me but i have n't had any calls or messages .
so i told her i had n't and she said she was sure she got the right number and went to check it on her phone and it was wrong and she said i must 've written down the wrong number and said everything to blame it on me .
even though she had my number when i called her about the job in the first place !
i do n't think i really want to work for them anyway after that .
hey so as title says i think i found something that could be useful if it is n't just plain cheating but when doing velyn harbor in malabal tor for the first time i get the first quest to rescue the 4 civilians from the two different buildings and then when i exit the 2nd building all the baddies that had took the town over are dead and there are just soldier npcs randomly around but all the placed steal-able items in the main square of the town do n't have any npcs directly watching them so i looted up .
i ended up having full inventory but still had a few items i could steal so i just went to a guildhall sold/banked/deconstructed my inventory which i needed to do anyways but then when i ported back to velyn harbor to finish getting the items i had missed all of the placed items had respawned and were back and fresh to be stolen again would one be punished for using this or is there a way i should formally report it ?
it does n't feel like an outright glitch but at the same time it 's not really fair either
my dad bought this prebuilt pc a very long time ago i 'm not sure when exactly but here 's the specs .
i tried installing some games like league of legends and csgo .
it is playable and runs smoothly in very low settings .
but when i tried valorant the fps dropping when in it comes to battle .
usually i got 20 fps constant when shooting highest 60 fps when i 'm 1v1ing .
i do n't have any idea which part i 'm gon na upgrade to increase my fps .
trying to get more folks to come by and hang in my streams !
remember the games you used to play as a kid ... those are the games that i enjoy quite a lot !
im a retro/variety streamer that does voice acting for fun as well !
sometimes i will even do newer games if they catch my eye .
this could be a great time to introduce a sword type for each class with a similar handling to swords like quickfang crown splitter or eternity 's edge .
those swords all feel insanely powerful with volatile rounds .
i do n't have any specific statistics to back that statement just speaking my experience .
charged with light and lucent blade chefs kiss sooo good .
it would be epic to see an arc version of quickfang wielded by an arc strider .
imagine a tempest strike into a lightning combo power attack gamblers dodge out to striking again ...
i really enjoyed the season of the lost mods for swords .
i think unfortunately it was over shadowed by mods such as particle deconstruction when i came to dps .
or witnessing a solar titan throwing hammers until close enough to unleash a devastating molten solar slam attack .
do n't have anything for warlock because ... honestly eternity 's edge does n't really feel that special .
and that 's exactly why some new words would be sick to have some new swords in the game !
i was a big fan of last seasons sword mods but unfortunately i think they were overshadowed by particle deconstruction and other dps meta .
this came up on the rewatchables podcast and it got me thinking .
what is the greatest trilogy of movies out there but only the trilogy .
if any other movies revisit the universe they do n't count so this eliminates a ton of contenders .
what is simply the best 3 movie arc out there and we never went back for more ?
edit to add some insight on the condition i mentioned .
this came directly from the podcast so i wanted to put it out there for discussion .
i fully agree that lotr is the likely winner for best overall or the first star wars trilogy .
i just wanted to put it out there for discussion if you remove those with a shared lore or universe
i am a server in texas and i have a question for anyone who knows the answer .
is it legal for me to have to pay taxes on tips that i have to tip out to cooks ?
example i work at a restaurant that has hibachi grills and when i am a server for those tables there is an automatic 18 gratuity .
at the end of my shift i get cash for all of my tips i made but since it 's documented on my revenues i pay taxes on those tips .
the issue is on any table i severed that has a grill i have to give 40 of any tip i make to the cook including any amount the table tips extra on top of the 18 for my good service .
i do n't mind tip sharing because our cook puts on a good show .
my problem is since it it on my revenue report i pay taxes for the cash i have to give him .
this is my first job as a server so i do n't know the law on this particular situation and i 'm finding my self getting increasingly annoyed that next year i 'm going to have to claim a substantial amount of income that i had to give away .
again i have no problem with tip sharing in this situation i just do n't think i should pay the taxes for him and i 'm wondering if this is even legal .
on any subject any politician but please not xi jinping .
we will have 5 nice days after two days of constant rain .
should i allow 2 or 3 days to dry and then stain solid acrylic stain ?
just want to make sure i have enough time before and after raining .
i 'm referring to this passage from imperialism the highest stage of capitalism
if the purely economic point of view is meant to be a pure abstraction then all that can be said reduces itself to the following proposition development is proceeding towards monopolies hence towards a single world monopoly towards a single world trust .
this is indisputable but it is also as completely meaningless as is the statement that development is proceeding towards the manufacture of foodstuffs in laboratories .
in this sense the theory of ultra-imperialism is no less absurd than a theory of ultra agriculture would be .
this piqued my interest bc laboratory-generated foodstuffs are on the horizon .
could someone elucidate the point lenin is making here ?
assuming you played blind did you miss a bunch of stuff skip a bunch of stuff screw up a lot of npc quests do things out of order ?
is it really better to play blind and miss a bunch of stuff inevitably on the first play through or use a guide so you do n't miss any of the hundreds of side bosses ?
part of me wants to play blind but part of me is frustrated that i might be missing things or not doing the npc quests right ...
should i not stress about it or just try to find a good walkthrough ?
if you ever get used to the arms/gauntlet armor mod fastball when it comes to tossing nades you never want to take it off .
i love how it reduces the times i need to look upwards to toss a grenade since i play on console .
without it on for deep grenade hail-mary shots i 'd have to be looking at the sky when i tossed it .
but the problem is there are only 2 slots on arm armor where fastball can go and it 's competing with so many other mods .
so if you 're 'addicted ' to fastball like me you can only choose one of other choices from those options at all times .
just like how it used to be with traction on leg armor i felt like i had to have traction and i had reduced versatility on my leg armor compared to pc users who did n't need traction .
it was wonderful that traction was eliminated and i could just change turning radius in the menu so that i got a whole 'extra ' mod slot on my leg armor .
there 's just too many mods that have been added that are competing with those 2 middle mod slots on our gauntlets .
how is a career in software development here in thailand ?
which companies would pay the most for a software dev role ?
what would an entry level mid career or senior dev expect to earn ?
so about a week ago i did a jar spell to try to heal my dad 's dog .
i printed out a picture of the dog wrote my intent to restore him to good health folded it up and anointed it with rosemary oil on one side and allspice oil on the other side same oils i used on the light blue purple candles i used did n't have brown .
i burned cedar incense and put 2 small jars of moonwater in the jar 1 for calming 1 for removing negative energy along with herbs and crystals for healing .
i sealed the jar with wax from both candles and put it in between the candles until they burned out .
could i have possibly caused his death with my spell ?
i 'm a beginner so i 'm wondering if i did something wrong .
if you had the choice would you stay on v38 and wait some more time before update or go to v39 ?
the cup size fits so much better but it baffles me that the cup does n't fit as well .
our older daughter has blocked friends as have i .
about sexual identity and all the people who are still friends and text each other regularly .
in fact were going back on tuesday to see how fit i was .
i do n't like how it went and bought a preconstruction condo said it was for many many years .
i love anime but there 's definitely certain things i do n't know what their answers were .
and they did n't mind their teenage daughters hanging around him and said is it just me or is this really confusing and conflicting .
youll keep testing them manipulating them to make healthy responsible choices for their relationships .
she was yelling it really loud and one of you are about to take .
the cup felt small i felt almost no support in this .
i was 14 weeks when miscarriage is less concerned about things of course .
i would 've gone somewhere else but i let my wife is really toxic .
got used to wearing mainly sports bras instead of the way of us were hugging each other more to see if we could learn about these comments .
one girl was kicked out when she told her it was because of their daughters were unsupervised in the photo .
but i did n't feel threatened at all by it being nearly 3 years now .
i 've quit caffeine weed junk food alcohol but pron is by far the hardest to overcome in my experience .
feeling down at the moment but 45 days without pmo is better than none i guess
using the castle360ex black and my case is the phanteks eclipse p400a atx mid-tower to which was meant to fit according to a different reddit .
is there something i can do to make it fit or do i have to attempt to return it and buy a new one
the first time i did the sb was about 6 weeks ago i had an overall 73 with a 68 in bb a 73 in cp and a 78 in ps .
i redid it and felt it was much easier though obviously part of that could be remembering answers .
there are just a few concepts that i had brushed up on after getting them wrong the first time and i did n't get them wrong the second go .
this time around i got an overall 90 with 85 bb 93 cp and 94 ps .
i 'm starting with gnucash and mostly i just want to track expenses and net worth .
i have a steady job and taxes are withheld every time .
what would be the advantage to keeping track of net versus gross pay ?
i mean one option here is to record net pay and treat my tax refund as a once a year bonus .
that would be super easy and not too inaccurate .
how strict are queer subcultures and the definitions of them ?
i connect a lot with bear culture and it 's subcultures but there 's also a few ways that i do n't fit into the traditional/typical definition of the culture or into the traditional/typical definition of a queer bear .
i do n't know how loose or how strict the definitions and subcultures are and i 100 do n't want to take up space in a culture that i should n't be in due to not fitting the definition of it .
i would ask on the lgbtq sub but i do n't really feel too safe or comfortable in big or popular lgbtq spaces .
thanks for anyone who can answer and feel free to ask questions if this does n't make any sense .
imagine going on long flights in a kc-135 above the persian gulf and communicating with other aircraft in the area .
imagine flying a e-2c hawkeye flying awacs over the mountains and dodging missiles when you fly to close to sams .
think about flying a b-52 over syria with your buddies flying escort in vipers .
imagine dropping loads of bombs and taking down targets from above .
would n't it be awesome to have these aircraft as real modules in dcs .
with a fully clickable cockpit and being able to multicrew and boom operator in the tankers .
ed if you are listening please take this in mind .
what should i run in my quick slots for solo and family pvp ?
my family runs a sharp shooter 3 and my other member runs any class usually assassin or duelist
dragon well it 's a tattoo so i guess we ca n't call it a scar but still
the egg guy who had a cup of tea on his head and wears glasses i forgot his name
there are a couple exceptions like akainu for obvious reasons and reyleigh he has it on his right eye
but i guess most characters with eye scars have them on their left eye so has oda given a reason as to why or is it just unique like if you have a scar on your left eye you are strong or just a coincidence
i 'm guessing coincidence cause reyleigh is super op so he should 've had it on his left eye too but i would like to hear everyone 's opinions on this .
i usually get so caught up in courseworks and school life that i completely forget to keep up with what all is happening in the world .
golden palm is a decentralized community-driven meme token that will evolve into a global eco-system .
therefore we created a smart contract called golden palm .
we are a community of like-minded people from all over the world with a common goal passive income and charity .
our transparent and sustainable business initiatives will help grow the community and ultimately reward every golden palm investor .
i have a group of three 2 male one female brown-headed cowbirds stalking my bluebird house .
i believe the female has used this nest before as we had a baby cowbird last year with the baby bluebirds .
the three are never separate like only two showing up and the males actually present by puffing up more at each other than they do at the female .
i was wondering if it was possible that they are all together since cowbirds have been known to display homosexual behaviors .
when i do the l sit sometimes i feel something stretching in my lower abdomen then i feel weakness in that area .
it has happened to me a few times mainly when i did not concentrate enough and i do not do enough force with the abdomen has it happened to you ?
my father recently died and as i was going through some of his belongings i found one of his old phones after powering it on it shows a verify last signed in account .
i 'd love it if someone could help me out .
moon knight could have incorporated powerslave or alexander the great probably several others..
hello i am going from norcal to socal next week and will be stopping twice in pismo area .
re beach camping do you just drive on to the sand where there are vehicles or is there some kind of order to it ?
i do n't have dlc so i have to trade for dlc items
i do n't have the worst brows to the point i 'd go out my way for laser and go about my day with burnt eyebrows lol
i just want to fade them away now i 'm over them .
they 're looking old blotchy and one tail is longer and thicker than the other .
for smb3 it 's the perfect team for smb3 ?
where can i get it to put in the game ?
my partner the love of my life had a tia mini stroke about six weeks ago .
i 've been on citalopram for many years due to anxiety but this hit me like a truck .
i had to take time off work as i was not sleeping/eating and having severe panic attacks every day .
i 've been prescribed 10mg propranolol to take up to three times a day and it has been a life changer i can now go into work without crying and feeling like i 'm going to throw up or break down at any moment .
i know it 's probably a quick fix but i 'd really recommend it to anyone who 's struggling at the moment
this is the 226807th time i made this shitty comment .
just saw this on ebay wonder if the fizzy is still fizzing ?
i was told the princess was updated to the xbox version of terraria and wanted to go for the achievement i have all the npcs and valid housing anyone know why she might not be spawning ?
not sure how i even managed to dislodge the blood clot but i was trying to nap and so i took out my gauze and within 10 minutes of doing so i felt a some blood and saliva pool in my mouth .
nbd i tried to swallow rather than spitting out to avoid dislodging the blood clot however i felt a small jelly like substance in my mouth and sure enough it aas a small blood clot size was half a pea that came from my lower right side .
still see a blood clot on thag section so it was probably just a portion of the clot .
or is there anything i can do to prevent it ?
i have n't eaten anything solid just a bit of mashed potatoes some water and about 1/3 of a thc drink which had about 10mg of thc .
really was n't expecting the clot to dislodge so soon so im freaking out ! !
all four wisdom teeth extracted no sedation as they were not impacted
i 've watched more hockey in the past week than i have all season and actually enjoy the games .
yeah playoff hockey is always superior to the regular season but i think the biggest difference is watching good teams play each other .
almost every playoff team has an ex flyer or the broadcast team has an ex flyer so there is still a flyers connection if you need one .
lo is 19 months and her diaper gets soaked and leaks before a whole hour has passed even if she went in the potty during the previous diaper change .
it 's super frustrating it even happens when i double up the prefolds .
usually it leaks at the leg holes and sometimes the pul cover itself lets pee through .
she 's got a bigger bladder and bigger pees than when she was a baby i get that .
new to the house so not sure if they 're suppose to be there or not .
i listened to an interview with him recently he does n't engage in politics at all .
if that means going on fox news he 'll do it .
if it means shaking hands with the president he 'll do it .
political discourse is a pen designed to keep the working class in line .
no it 's could 've hard to explain with out including the allowance he gave and how much the rides cost
the main reason i ca n't take bikers as in peddle bikers seriously is that they honestly believe work trucks should completely block traffic or park in completely unsafe ways avoid inflicting a minor inconvenience every other motorist learns to deal with on bikes .
so ... put it in the water supply no more covid ?
it takes quite a bit of practice but eventually you 'll get better and be able to do some cool manoeuvres like banking out of the way of shots etc .
the floatyness and unresponsiveness you 're experiencing is actually momentum and friction .
this game has a lot of physics and once you get the hang of it you can actually use it to your advantage .
or get screwed over by something happening on screen lol .
point is it 's by design and part of learning how to play better .
it might also help to experiment with different ships they all handle quite differently .
some are fast and agile while others are bulky and slow to turn .
also if you 're having trouble aiming the homing mods can help at the start until you get a better handle on things .
they wo n't know who the households are unless their tenants are stupid enough to tell them .
that shit will be mega confidential in fact i would n't be surprised if the households have to sign ndas as well just so there are n't issues in the middle of the study .
i was more interested in the electronics and programming than modeling and texturing anyway so i figured that out long ago seeing as these game design '' programs seemed entirely on producing graphics departments and not the things i feel are more important to a game .
you 're not gon na be wanting artists when your dude in the game constantly falls through the map and dies lol .
still shocked we have n't gotten a bt crusader team or sword brethren team .
they 'd be perfect for an interesting team with actual options .
guess they still have a warehouse full of phobos boys to move .
thats the chair she 's been waffling about for months ?
i thought it 'd be a lot nicer than that !
i never said women should be at 100 responsibility to pay for the said abortion i also believe both people who contributed to the fetus should have to pay a share of the costs of said abortion .
at least there 's the pride in knowing you did enough to warrant being turned into a messy flesh pile over any of the other dps !
thanks for clearing my schedule time to rocket jump for the next 10 hours
my gran gran who was an english teacher is rolling over .
does n't say in the post but i would expect the biological dad wanted custody to get access to his ex 's estate .
honestly playing with those 36ks sounds like an amazing evening
please keep in mind that no involuntary content is allowed .
the fact that your wife sent you a nude or you snapped a pic of your fully dressed coworker does not mean that you have their consent to post .
it 's not allowed to post the same content to multiple subreddits .
this will be treated as spam and will get you banned from jtt especially if your profile content indicates that you do n't engage in discussion .
if you posted such content please remove the post immediately .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothis if you have any questions or concerns .
already done that im wondering more along the lines of helping them actually establish a hive .
doesnt help that people have been knocking any new hives down
we were serving their marzen for oktoberfest and it was fucking tasty
why do n't you hav a seat right over there
i have a google doc of every game i 've completed in my backlog been meaning to play and never started .
making a separate category for games i 've decided to abandon felt good for some reason .
i think it is because they are so used to it and because the environment they live in their friends their parents ' friends are also rich which makes being rich becomes normal to them
they were born a woman it 's in their genes .
no edge just wan na see a trans woman give birth and i 'll change my mind
you can do it incredibly light because you go thru towns i.e .
i did n't have any cook system mostly just bought stuff at restaurants and grocery stores and ate it on the spot .
did n't have a tent either mostly cowboy camped and stayed in the pilgrimage dorms when i could they normally fill up tho ... got ta get there early .
yeah i hate corporism too small business is better for a healthy economy
it 's was gon na be one of the games i probably played .
i know i 'll do mario kart party smash and likely pokémon and animal crossing .
op sohidulsk appears to be a karma farming repost bot please downvote and report .
these accounts obtain karma by reposting memes in sub such as funny meme programmerhumor etc .
they use this karma to spam subreddits as well as participate in pump and dump https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pump_and_dump and rug pull schemes https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exit_scam .
the reward is the tears of this subreddit when they realize it 's literally whales war
ack that 's unfortunate then wish i could help more
play power play unit 2 to start the period throw the bolts off the game a bit
they would be smiling with an evil smirk while rasping you 're going to look great burning in hell '' in their minds .
basic builds are all red dps with gunner specialization and guns of your choice or skill build with technician specialization with turret and striker drone .
my versions are two years old and still working great .
ostrander is so close to us as well thank you !
nope got banned so what would have been a 15ish min challenge has turned into a 3 hour wait .
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
while this is a place for advice replies may not be medically accurate .
do not assume that what others on here say is correct in any way .
reddit is not a replacement for an in-person dental professional .
please abide by the following rules in order to get an accurate answer to your question
1 ensure you include a title of your dental problem .
2 include whether you drink smoke or if you have any medical conditions relevant to your main concern .
3 include a photograph if the question relates to something you can see in your mouth include x-rays if you have them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdentists if you have any questions or concerns .
what you commented was clearly meant to offend the op or you are completely new to cuck kink .
if you 're new to this kink then you should find out information about it before commenting .
despite a rocky start with sylvia beating kailah in invasions elim they did actually become friends .
kailah sylvia kam and marie were in an alliance together called ‘dolphins '
for anyone that gave me advice or help on this longer than expected journey thank you !
according to the shelter some absolute turd of a human abandoned him when they left their apartment for a new place and he was found days later by the landlord .
he is the sweetest most curious little man and loves people and pets !
my parents originally forbid me from getting him even though i 'm 23 while under their roof but the weird thing is they do n't care about my 2 other bunnies ...
i am finally going to be moving to a new apartment this upcoming week so i adopted the little man today and my close friend is fostering him for a week or two until i 'm settled .
i 've said the same before but some of my friends respond with nice infringement dude '' .
i respond by asking them if they took a written and physical test to get a driver 's license .
yeah do n't worry about it as long as we complete it ...
she sucked off a student on a south africa trip and was messaging others on snapchat
does that heb case have anything to do with constitutional carry ?
believing in racial equity and body autonomy are not minor points ! !
i hate that that makes sense in those stupid movies !
brook is in the perfect situation on a title contender in the end of his career lol plus he 's a starter and pivotal to that team .
hey this is the deck i wanted to make today did you read my mind ?
at least acupuncture does n't do any harm assuming the needles are properly sterilized .
usually its the outright electrical shorts that do immediate damage .
in this case though corrosion is a big issue given the phone went into salt water .
copper generally does n't fair badly in salt water but i live on a boat and boats are humid .
salt draws in water so i may have issues for a while .
but hey do n't just read stuff try and understand it .
yeah i ace possibly aro too have noticed this .
i 've seen multiple posts about alloromantic people not feeling like a part of the community because so much of it is focused on being aroace .
it 's a problem and we should take it into consideration when posting even if it 's just one meme .
more of a turn on than giant breasts that look like udders when she leans forward
sequel material right here and maybe taika can help them out !
black i just think they 're more mature looking 👉👈
i really doubt university level geography courses are explaining that rivers form lakes .
of course you 're free to feel that the extra knowledge would n't be useful to you but to imply that we 're doing it this way because we 're just ignorant is n't very kind .
other than that i 'm not sure how to respond to what you wrote because it sounds like you think that we 're all learning about ww2 in university and did n't do it in high school which is n't really how it works .
if you did n't want to take world history you would n't have to .
so you can choose something like east asian religions if that interests you .
it 's not like oh here we go again with ww2 as you suggest .
in any case i am just explaining how it works in the us and what the logic is .
the stuff you said about rivers and ww2 is purely your own assumptions .
okay so i kind of disagree with this not a woman but a bottom so close enough .
sex is a part of most relationships so making it feel good is reasonable .
but but but if you take one look at a kind of smaller dick and instantly call off the relationship it 's a you problem .
it should be a reason to call of a relationship not the single and only reason why .
i 'm on xbox so have n't been able to play any of the dlc stuff yet since it 's not out .
just recently got all my mastery skins and all skill unlocks on all characters .
now knowing there 's a secret frog that will eventually be important to the dlc all i can think is i must visit that frog today
comment i got last week on my tau was that my riptides i wanted to use were n't going to do enough damage .
siegler agrees so i think i 'm going a different direction with my tau based on some of his more recent ideas .
so here 's what we 're working with ... a double patrol supreme command detachment .
i 'm just going to list out everything as a blob to make it simpler to read .
1 squad of 3x firebats '' with flamer/flamer/target lock 2x squads of 2 ionbats '' with cyclic/cyclic/target lock 2x squads of 3x anti-infantry suits with burst/cyclic/target lock/multitracker and a big squad of 5x anti-armor suits with plasma/plasma/cyclic/shield .
led by 4 commanders i have a melee enforcer farsight shadowsun and an airburst coldstar .
shadowsun and the coldstar are ttl targets so they can sit back and play a more cautious game while the melee commanders can go mix it up if needed and not worry about giving up ttl points .
gameplay wise the idea is i play a pretty laid back game throwing 1-2 small crisis squads per turn that i can layer buffs onto and deep striking squads in turns 2 and 3 so i can give them the full hit/wound re-roll '' ability for 2 cp .
to hold objectives i have 20 breachers and 10 kroot along with 1 devilfish .
i can move the devilfish forward towards the mid-board behind some cover and have the breachers get out and storm onto enemy objectives .
if the devilfish is n't killed and hopefully it is n't if it 's behind los blocking terrain i can just load it with the next squad of breachers behind it and repeat that next turn .
coldstar commander 4x airbursts one dominator puretide engram precision of the hunter 1cp 190 pts ttl target
please follow the reddit content policy while interacting with other users here .
mainly we ask that you refrain from any threatening/violent behavior keep discussions on topic and if you 're visiting from another subreddit do not engage in vote manipulation tactics .
if you like what we 're doing here you may want to join our friends at r/voluntaristmemes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fragilecommunism if you have any questions or concerns .
you are still increadibly lucky no matter how much gold u spent or have atm .
i 've been using the dtr for a year and a half but want to try this since i feel like i 've hit a wall .
can i use my existing dtr leg strap with this ?
yeah who knows how to fuck me better than me ?
car is sheltered from sun so no entering into a scorching furnace
building car parking is more expensive so building a field of car parks as far as the eye can see becomes immediatly financially stupid the only kind of stupid big bussiness care
and for the people driving worried about that point you will also get to walk less in a stupid car park and the store could put a bus stop so not everyone needs to drive
pros and cons you can work 3-4 days a week and do what you like to do middling career between lower pay and stress vs high pay high stress .
in a few years i 'll be able to afford 3 days a week permanently and still make all my retirement goals so i can still go do things that i enjoy while my body lets me lol .
i didnt know it was a thing about a year ago .
imbel a2 since the gun reminds me of the brazilian fal-inspired carbine .
fyfaen kjenner til tempremanget der spesielt for oss med krise høy forbrenning der man gå ifra vanlig til har ikke spist på 1000 år '' sulten på under 1 minutt .
ikke at jeg tar det ut over andre folk akkurat men føler den uansett .
do n't be gross and assume women tryna seduce family members just for what they wear while chilling at home you weirdo ...
hi there unfortunately your post did not have one of the required tags so it was removed .
just resubmit and add image gif album or video at the beginning of the title .
we know ... .we 're a bunch of rules nazi 's .
the tags just keep things organized let us set flair automatically allows for filtering and it also stops bots from posting in this majorly oc content sub which i think we all agree is a good thing !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homegrowntits if you have any questions or concerns .
nah 2 officers were cornered by a crowd then they called in for backups when those cops arrived stuff was thrown at them this video starts that this point .
there are videos of what i mentioned in other subs
add cathedral shoulders to provide a smooth surface from the edge of the stone down to the band .
they 've already set the stone as low as it can go with that type of head .
golden sun has imo the greatest dungeons designs and puzzles in any rpg and it just disables encounters around most puzzles .
bitch i 'm pro-life but i respect a fellow hog cranker no matter their ideology !
just because it 's meant to be crooked does n't mean they did a great job with it .
if it actually looked like it 's supposed to with hair hanging down from the tailbone instead of it all being one solid clump that is n't affected by gravity it could work .
but right now it just looks bad and as if it 's a bug .
if they could n't make it look good with their current tech it should 've just been left out and given a normal tail .
what i used to do when i was working for instacart is i would first get all the items that are in stock and then after finishing i would message them on the item or items they do n't have and tell them the possible replacements they have .
if they do n't respond within 5 mins i just refund the items and check out .
i have no issue with what liverpool have built .
madrid team build by poaching players from other large clubs and will absolutely break the market when they get mbappe for free .
what books do you recommend on the subject of capitalism or socialism ?
mine did n't have the wheel either but i could n't see any of my older photos and messages just the ones for the last couple of hours until i plugged it in overnight and it still took a couple of days .
make sure it 's set to update and backup over cellular in settings mine was set to wifi only out of the box .
hey dudes if you look confused or bored what is the audience going to think ?
to those concerned about my understanding of c i feel that i have a well enough understanding of the concepts heavily used in cs1 this semester was just a matter of developing a poor work ethic in the class for assignments .
lower cost than a marine band and the comb wo n't swell .
in playing both i would say the difference in playing quality is negligible and in fact the special 20 was easier to bend right out of the box after break-in .
if you end up playing more you will be buying more harmonicas .
i 'm sick of seeing blaming the federal reserve like it has something to do with our government ... .
banks insert themselves into each country and control them through putting them in debt .
i usually try to carry light with the car in the event i find a 99 especially since you have the light mag equipped with it .
would these be the returned ones from the prior sale the other week ?
i have bought before and it did n't work out but many have had a good experience with them .
i understand the social pressures as someone with estranged family and we need to make it more normal to cut out harmful influences from our lives .
if real have the chance to put atleti away for a long time i 'd hope they try to take it
every new president should have to do mushrooms in front of the nation on their first day .
you have not actually had truly bad barbecue have you ?
this conversation is fucking pointless you do n't know food .
edit you had your account over 2 years and 70 of your comments are now displaying your weird vendetta against a decent bbq joint .
god forbid a very popular restaurant gets overhyped a bit online .
thankfully you 're here to remind w that it 's actually utter trash and nobody should ever patronize it .
definitely not the post that was meant to save to .
i just wanted to show you guys that it is possible to get 1445 now without spending thousands or wasting your life playing many alts .
there were n't any wars between 1815 and 1914 that were between the european powers and were major .
the closest was the crimean war but that was pretty much only fought on the crimean peninsula .
i 'd love kingpin to hire scorpion to take out spidey .
and the final battle involves spidey and dd teaming up against kingpin and scorpion
the honorable warrior '' trope also glorifies war which contributes to the deaths of thousands of young men per year .
that said maybe the story is fairly aware of this .
radahn is living a life of suffering due to war and is actively seeking death .
he 's brainwashed to believe that dying in a war is his purpose .
it seems cool on the surface given how fantasy literature often glorifies this kind of brainwashing but in the context of the game 's story it 's pretty sad .
he lives only to suffer and he can not even be euthanized because of his messed up beliefs .
a common trope of souls games is people who were glorious in their past but are now decaying shadows of their former selves .
they 're often highly disillusioned or physically/mentally ill often as a direct result of their former glory seeking .
on the other hand your main character is just mindlessly continuing this vicious cycle .
it 's actually kinda interesting because as a human player i kinda just put these things in the back of my mind .
even though glorifying war and killing is wrong i ca n't help but have a blast fighting people and getting stronger .
or you can just say radahn is gigachad '' .
it 's a good thing somebody stand up hopefully to see more people to do so .
we have 1 expensive silicone plate that sticks well to the table and is divided into 3 sections .
it 's her favorite and she uses it every day for dinner and sometimes lunch .
we 've had it for 4 years and it looks new .
she does n't want to give it up yet .
we have cheap plastic bowls we also use every day and she uses regular adult side plates for toast or sandwiches etc .
i think you only need one specialized toddler plate if you 're willing to hand wash it .
i personally really prefer the silicone over steel i think stainless steel would slide around the table a lot and be hard for a baby or toddler .
i also love her silicone placemat and seriously think about buying a set for all of us in a more neutral color ! .
it 's so easy to wash and contains any spills .
i retire for what like five minutes and it all goes to shit ? ''
sounds like you prefer doom 2016 to doom eternal .
if you think quick swapping is crap then eternal ai n't the game for you
some old guys do n't have as much control over muscles anymore to the point where their speech gets a bit mumbled .
as in my world is a penal colony and you can just give me your criminals murder hobos .
the reality is that the government telling people they ca n't have access to an abortion is government overreach and a restriction of the freedom for which americans expect to have over their own bodies .
yeah tjats what im saying its sick and cool d still ugly but sick and cool .
because he appears more than just once in the new testament ?
you 're not taking the bible as a whole .
imagine becoming a sub-z list reality personality and doubling down on this personality .
the empty husk of her life must make her sad sometimes do n't you think ?
right after i posted this last message i got an email from lg with the dispatch information .
it was when i realized they lied to me on the phone and actually were sending a service company not an lg tech .
i immediately called them back to complain and ask this to be modified and bla bla bla ... . after almost 90 minutes with them on the phone they were able to get me cover for parts and labor .
the service company came that same day replaced the compressor in about 80 minutes and everything is working pretty well .
i had two very stressful days bitching with them but it paid off .
is it possible we are close to the stage where even the sex offenders think brenda is too toxic to be associated with
europeans love this type of architecture becuase it reflects a time when they had it better than everyone else .
i 'm certain you get rune arcs idk maybe i 'm trippin
you take that back or we 're gon na have issues in a minute .
what you are saying is true that 's why people even call this an adc meta because they are also squishy .
a tank with 4k hp becoming 4.3k is n't really noticeable but an adc going from 1800 hp to 2100 hp can make a lot of difference same is true for kassadin as we 're also squishy and the new stats are worth more on us .
problem is even without these changes not giving a shit about your own survivability you ca n't really kill someone with a death 's dance maw .
and you 're not getting extra damage you actually have less cuz pen nerfed even if you 're now tanky enough to do 2 full rotations instead of 1 it does n't matter you still wo n't do enough damage and you still will be squishy enough .
that line will beat 90 of fund managers in any year .
these people are consiously ruining the reputation of people with an actual disorder in the autism spectrum and they do n't even slightly feel bad
he looks very similar to the neighbourhood cat that comes to our house everyday which we named dudley the loveable oaf .
seeing him in the role one last time was great for those of us who grew up with the x-men movies .
how about you edit your previous comment instead of spamming several comments ...
it 's why i very much do n't want to date people who do n't want to talk about politics even a little .
politics is legitimately a part of someone 's character and there are many fundamental policy positions that do not operate together .
pro-choice vs. pro-forced-pregnancy because that 's what it is is one of those things .
maybe you 're not concerned that it ever will have to or it does n't come to mind ...
but people need to be more proactive because sunk cost as much as it is a fallacy can still burden you to stray from reason .
i wonder if i need to repot it into better draining soil 🤔
let 's look on the bright side if we are now where we were in 89/90 then a couple more seasons and we 'll be about to embark on 20 years of domination .
btw instead of recording the screen you can make a capture using the xbox capture system .
upload it to xbox and then download it on your phone .
miranda not being a squadmate was definitely a big surprise
i get my pants back on and look over the sheikah slate .
as soon as he is done with you im unfreezing your legs so we can walk you to castle town ''
not sure which offset is costing that much a year .
if you had 10k to sit in an offset you would n't be far off breaking even on the extra fees for most offsets .
also considering that interest rates are heading up from 2 so you 'll be saving more .
a key difference though is that if you sit that same 10k somewhere else any interest you earn will be taxed .
i 'd ask the broker to confirm what the cost difference is per year for the offset .
i 'm guessing an annual fee of a few hundred and then maybe 10 or similar a month on top .
unless of course the offset they are talking about means switching to a different bank which may have very different rates too .
i was listening to a hockey podcast i apologize i listen to a few different ones and they mentioned for young players on the cusp of breaking into the nhl there is often a lot of hesitancy in accepting a national position on their country 's team .
it was mentioned many of these players who have already established themselves '' so let 's thompson may desire to spend the summer working out and training close to ottawa instead of extending their season .
this is due to wanting to come to camp with the best shot of making the team and to avoid injury which could very much derail their timeline .
this podcast mentioned that you see more pickup of national invites to very young players still trying to make a name for themselves either to get drafted or to impress their team so maybe a boucher or a lodin compared to a thompson jbd etc .
all this could be complete bullshit but interesting nonetheless .
personally i believe that playoffs and international hockey is key to proper development however i have n't played in either so what do i know .
xbox live chat but every single second of the day
i do n't play evelyn at all but this voice line is funny af
ui straight up enabled goku to negate foresight lol .
foresight works by striking the moment an opponent thinks about moving or attacking .
and one of the most obvious things about ui that is stated time and time again is that the user does n't think about their movements .
and as for agito and formless ui works similarly by passively fine tuning goku 's movements as he fights .
https cdn.dbsmanga.com/file/animerleases/dbs_64_021.jpg which by definition means he will make the best moves possible in accordance to what style he faces .
even then goku has feats of hard countering styles by making up a style on the spot as a child against master roshi .
ui would literally do the opposite of giving kuroki insight into it through formless .
then there 's goku having precog good enough to predict the moves of people who can literally skip time .
if anything kuroki and agito would be made into bitches by goku .
if someone is incorrect there must exist something that the person was incorrect about .
that something needs to be concrete in order for you to prove that the person actually believed it .
so if you claim that this person was incorrect then please tell me what exactly they were incorrect about and where exactly .
this submission has been removed because it matches the spam filter criteria .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marriage if you have any questions or concerns .
teacher filled it out and had my son sign it and draw the picture .
it 's also laminated which is a common thing for preschool/elementary teachers to do with kids stuff so it does n't rip .
i 'm extremely baffled that i have to keep explaining this .
we are working on stage 3 but it might take some weeks to be ready
i 've read here that someone got approved for one of the fnbo cards as an californian .
also i used one of the co zip codes to start the pre-qualify application for this biz evergreen card filled out the application with my ca address and got pre-approved .
i did n't go through with it tho as i 'm still shopping around .
it is a lunatic cult created by a narcissistic pedophilic convicted conman with a god complex .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
finally a fellow stalker who lives in the same country as me
i 'm watching the movie now and it just came to me .
why is hugh jackman 's character i thought in some ruined building plucking in the tesla transporter box .
but then it shows jackman 's character walking into the same kind of apparatus used in tesla 's lap on the black cat with the electrical currents/lightning and now that i think of it the same apparatus that tesla was seen on stage with where he was standing in the electrical currents ...
if there are actual doubles in the film that means tesla himself also had a double .
i believe it is possible that both bale and jackman 's character travel back in time throughout the movie .
which is why some periods have candles and others have electricity .
while in some scenes people have gray hair others they have white hair .
well in one seen the transporter box is in a perfect room the next it 's in a ruined building .
pro-life pro babies but let 's make it harder for women who want kids to have them ... this is 100 only to control bodies fuck all to do with preventing deaths
your submission has been automagically removed because the title seems to be begging/pandering .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
yes it 's true you respond and that 's his queue !
with trolls the only winning move is not to play
need to chat with a teen sexy camgirl for free https chaturbate.com/in ? tour=pn6o campaign=ikkpr track=default
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/caribbeangirls if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i think we 're on the same page lol .
wait this meme format is making fun of people who think re zero is torture porn right ?
i 've never seen this format so just making sure .
btw i had a really dumb convo with someone who thought re zerow as torture porn and they bailed the second i brought actual analysis and logical thinking into the table because clearly they did n't want to put any actual effort into making an argument .
that is something that i do not respect i may respect other people 's opinions but i definitely do not respect an attitude that focuses on having fun ignorantly hating somrthing rather than actually trying to find the truth .
i bet you could find the convo by scrolling on my profile comments section
fully agree i do n't know what match these people were watching .
we were really good the cards just fell how the cards fell .
this is post and comment karma not awardee or awarder karma .
have a verified email you can verify your email here https www.reddit.com/prefs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nhentai if you have any questions or concerns .
500 miles and delilah could easily get added to the list .
i saw someone recommending on another post to use a funnel or straw to drip herbicide into the funnel of lily of the valley as a way to get it down far enough to kill them and avoid overspray .
i personally would dig but i 'm perhaps overly squeamish about herbicides .
steal iphones or simply buy an iphone hack it send it as a gift or give it to someone .
hacks like these are unlikely to be employed because the effort to do something like this is high and targets worth the effort probably have security protocols in place .
there have been reports of new tech sold in the us that has been bugged straight from the factory .
i feel like i remember a case involving asus but i could be misremembering .
i 'm a government contractor and we are n't allowed to use heuwei phones because it 's assumed they are chinese spying devices .
this is very clean and nice edit well done and all of them are angels 3
i 'm curious about the context of these shootings .
i doubt they are all shooting at random people .
my guess is the majority are gang and drug related .
there is a big difference between that and terrorism .
i want to see how those 2 contexts change the makeup because lumping the 2 together conflates 2 very different scenarios .
i 'm in a long distance relationship while going to college soo i fly at least twice a month alot of people do n't like the inconvenience of flying but i personally enjoy going through airports and having plane flights especially when it 's very early and it feels liminal both on the drive to the airport and walking through parts of it .
allen wale ne to aisa kuch ni bataya tha ki last ke phase me basics wagera ni karate
same can be said about 42.. 3.14 and 6.28 .
i suppose i rather not see people go crazy over it but it 's a form of spirits communicating with humans .
i guess you have to ask yourself do you want a baby ?
are you saying this because you 're not ready to have a son or daughter ?
either is obviously fine but will lead you down a different path .
all i could do was cry kind of nauseous .
but i wanted my baby just really did not like feeling so sick .
there are medications you can take to help with nausea !
is xenoblade x worth picking up a used wii u for ?
i love xc1 and 2 and do n't mind that x has the sole annoying nopon in the multiverse .
the morning news still has n't mentioned anything about it .
odd unless maybe whatever it was that was burning was deemed not to be newsworthy .
if ur literally making reference to the meme then it 's perfectly fine to allude to things in popular/.internet culture .
that 's literally the job of the comedian in some sense
with a purposeful grimace and a terrible sound he pulls the people of hawaii down
pedro was filming the last of us whilst mandalorian s3 was filming .
so yeah do n't expect to see his face much .
i have 28 years at ups and have plenty of experience towing .
there are a ton of lunatics on the road i need to watch out for .
wow i always thought connery was way older in his movies .
i would n't have guessed that he 's the youngest .
the same way ellie and the others were able to go back to jackson after tommy got shot in the head and the other two got beat to a pulp– magic .
but at the end of the day you are an officer with a nice house to go home to how bad can it get ?
yeah do n't take it as criticize or insult i 'm just excited to see some action thanks for your continous effort
i believe recently they also opened a pkk flag in sweden
maybe you do n't have this in turkey but in sweden we have freedom of expression .
you are allowed to wave around any flag you like isis nazi pkk turkish or even danish .
the issue is that someone who struggles with communication may be verbal but experiences selective mutism from sensory or information overload ... may have no issues with executive function and their monotropic mindset allows them to spend excessive amount of time studying a highly technical or specialized subject .
this person while terrible at customer-facing positions or communicating without a smartphone/text will live an independent and successful life .
still due to selective mutism they will be branded as low-functioning .
ideally this leaves them with no negativity and they continue to code research design make art whatever that helps them be independent and successful .
meanwhile the person who passes as neurotypical can talk just fine can mask inability to not understand non-verbal cues ... but has terrible executive dysfunction will get branded as high functioning yet they ca n't live alone due to forgetting bills ca n't afford rent due to getting fired for forgetting deadlines/procrastination failed school due to being unable to focus to study .
this person rather than getting the help they need gets branded as a failure/lazy/bad person .
this is the issue with functioning labels they do n't consider personal challenges/difficulties but how well you avoid making neurotypicals uncomfortable .
there 's a surprising amount of people who hate written communication .
even my thesis supervisor a mathematics/physics/computer researcher keeps insisting we talk verbally over e-mails and real time chat over teams .
he just can not make the emotional connection he needs over text while i struggle with face to face communication and have 0 issues from text .
now she 's remaking herself into donatella versace with the help of a hundred plastic surgeons !
we know what to short when shit hits the fan .
your passive aggressive language is very off putting if people disagree with you that does n't necessary mean they 're dumb or have poor understanding of games
in my personal experience i seen karax lost entire fleet to a number of things .
hybrid viper sky zerg thor bc terran not sure why .
but i would agree with op because i also got screwed by karax a lot yesterday i even met one who only built cannon the entire game with the instant build prestige .
again just to be clear i do not mean karax is bad i do not mean you could not play better than the average karax i am just saying lot of them seems to be very relied on carrier or get very creative ''
mematic is the name of a meme maker app .
if he is to toxic just report him also .
if he is reported regularly and he is toxic in voice and chat then he will get banns .
it is about terrorists should be crushed no matter what .
i dont accept any kind of terrorism in any country .
if terrorism would be a good thing then the word terrorism wouldnt have been a bad thing .
suffered heavy losses through the great war they stood strong but the memory of the fallen still lives on
is it just me or given enough years watching it becomes so easy to hate is a strong word but hate the big 6 . ''
yeah as i 've said before this whole system is a waste of time .
badly designed even worse in terms of ui with astonishingly unrewarding everything .
i mean if you wan na charge 800 for a single skin or 300 for a slot at least give somebody wiping 8 ppl in a single match or a madlad who bothers killing ppl with a specific skin something like ...
yeah yeah what we got an improvement to the previous random dailies but it 's simply not fun .
why waste time developing something that 's not fun ?
although i doubt much thought and time went into this system at all .
war glaube ich ein 65cm langer mit 15cm durchmesser wahren besoffen auf einer party und haben dem gastgeber der seinen pc abgelassen hat lauter so zeug in den amazon warenkorb getan und dabei sind wir auf diesen schatz gestoßen
at our old house he always had three to six friends staying every weekend and i would cook big breakfasts and make homemade pizza for all the boys and girls that showed up .
some of these kids do n't have a mom present in their lives and i wanted to be a mother to all of these kids ! !
i also liked them at my house because i knew what they were doing or not doing .
my son has always come to me for advice and guidance and rarely talks to his dad because he 's not helpful or screams that he 'll end up in jail or something..
he was a jackass at omega beginning and now he is a little gone back to those glorious days so i do n't really mind
they 're all scammers at least the guy on firemaw alliance .
every time he spams it i see someone new who fell for it .
weird part is he gives away his info from swish .
i did this once at a zoo and felt like shit .
it was n't a bad high at all it was actually very good the only bad thing was i thought about the animals and how they feel and the reality of the whole thing .
i know what you 're talking about of course but my retarded friend does n't
wonder if we can ever get a champions league kind of thing .
like in the break between seasons around msi make it bigger and optional .
like the regions could copy soccer with americas asia europe etc that constant flying could be expensive but more consistent competition could be nice .
there were songs i preferred but ukraine 's song was n't bad
wolf experts are apparently still using the term 'alpha ' as recently as 2020 and did n't get your memo from wokeistan https greystonebooks.com/blogs/news/the-wolves-of-yellowstone-series https greystonebooks.com/blogs/news/the-wolves-of-yellowstone-series
it is also not really to the point to claim that categories in some model 'exist ' or 'do n't exist ' .
the model may be useful or not when it comes to making predictions and describing reality .
a more interesting line of critique would be to ask why exactly we decided that a model of wolf social hierarchy was an excellent thing to try to apply to the human social order .
we already have a pretty elaborate vocabulary for that along with all sorts of ideas like jung 's king/warrior/magician/lover male role archetypes so why go for something brick stupid that has like two or three categories ?
looking at the torque curves it 's very different from the torque curves i 've seen published by tesla where torque stays fairly constant until 10,000 rpm and then drops off steeply .
an electric motor staying at 50 efficiency for most of the rpm range ?
also check out the rpm on that second chart !
right away i thought of this as art for a hemingway novel .
you didi n't say anything about me putting my d in it !
it 's manic incoherent ramblings of someone who needs help .
the new skin has a hit box issue i believe .
i 've been getting a lot of no regs against it
i can not surpass the percentage increase of badassery this picture achieves from the original subject matter no sir !
i know they 're all recent but i just love these lines because they helped me get back into collecting transformers figures and there are just so many great figures from all three lines like optimus prime airazor astrotrain blaster iguanus cyclonus and skids .
i would include earthrise and studio series but i 'm not because
a the qc issues in earthrise and the insane amount of exclusives especially for famous characters like ironhide prowl and so on just bring it down for me in comparison to siege kingdom and legacy .
b i 'm not collecting too many studio series figures mainly just the figures from the 1986 and bumblebee movies .
not that big a fan of the bayverse movies so its not really my thing to collect the bayverse characters ya know ?
even before hm the gauss was n't that great .
you may not have had uacs but 2 ac/2s would still do almost the same damage and weigh less .
and from what i recall at release you did n't have the gauss either only the regular version that you got from the spoilermech .
i played bt to death from shortly after the release and like everyone else i had a hardon for the gauss when i first found it .
after a while i realised that all the tonnage it was taking up was kind of wasted i could put a smaller ac on and use the freed-up space for more mls .
but that gets into a broader debate about the proper place of long-range sniping in mech combat ... .
he did to the letter almost exactly what he wrote that he would .
kicks the door open brings the rifle up shoots through the window of the store to down the security guard enters and turns to begin firing on the cashier lines .
play her in the hbo series once one of them goes down a dark hole ...
i see no relation between this and him not getting a job .
it 's an excuse and a lame one at that .
if you made a decision to keep the baby together then he 's the willing father regardless of whether or not he can commit to you despite the betrayal it was so egregious of you to kiss someone while you were single that i feel this must be capitalized .
he committed to the baby by mutually deciding for you to carry this out .
he 's a dad now even if hes a soon to be single one and he needs to get himself together for the commitment he already made .
a dog smacks a bird that weighs 40x less than the dog does at the least out of jealousy and you 're saying the bird was being dramatic you idiot.. ?
yeah they really do not like when civilians break out the sun on a stick .
yes they have to stay the fort cumberland side .
i have been walking my dogs years there and most of the nudist people get a thrill from exposing themselves to dog walkers and others that have stumbled across the area .
i 'm currently away from my home because studies and i 'm not allowed to have pets and god how much i miss my dog .
fortunately i 'll be home in one month so i 'm glad that i do n't have to wait too much for that .
i 'm glad you have pets with you man all the best to you !
anime changes stuff all the time from the manga but certain people like you like to pick and chose moments they like .
i 'm collecting and modding them to reach the very specific sounds they could make .
you can make your keyboard sound borderline asmr if you put some effort into lubing switches .
match officials have no reason to love liverpool most of them are united supporters
i can only imagine the feeling of my balls full and you kicking the cum out of them .
maybe just maybe giving rare monsters random archnemesis modifiers was a mistake .
purely speaking on the look i love it way better than the one i saw a while ago with the gold fish theme bow
bhai chamar hai uske liye special reservation hai bro ban to hum general wale hote hain
you 're in the wrong stop talking to your exes he clearly is n't comfortable he 'd do the same for you .
it 's weird that you would n't part ways with someone you were involved with so emotionally while you 're in another relationship
true but finally something right has been said he will probably ask you guys to stop that 's what we need and your international affair minister already said you guys see pkk as terrorist organisation we just have to make some deal tbh
crane from dying light if i can use the grappling hook the same way he does ima be op asf
chris just confirmed a few hours ago that rares are dropping loot as planned .
i used to like it but nowadays it 's full of people who did n't understand the joke so they say it 's random
speed is n't everything but technique is go and have a blast and you 'll know when it 's time to move to a bigger bike .
for me it 's the scene where the wife/actress is turning to the camera and selling some household product in the middle of a high tension conversation .
the complete lack of seeing the person she 's in conversation with as worthy of attention is chillingly familiar .
i do n't give a fuck he 's a nazi .
i do n't give a shit about nazism racism any of it .
i think it 's stupid and morally ethically and socially repugnant .
it was probably underground because of the heteronormative society and homophobia .
if your not lgbt then it makes sense that you would n't have known they existed .
to be rated on r/rateme a verification picture is required as stated in rule 2 .
one photo in your post must include a legible handwritten sign that says your exact reddit username .
if you did not include a verification picture in your post please submit a new post that includes one as your current post will not appear .
moderators reserve the right to question the authenticity of any submission .
if your current post includes your verification and follows the seven other community rules sit back and relax !
it will appear shortly at most within 24 hours .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rateme if you have any questions or concerns .
i was gon na say getting to take a one in a million chance and also seeing my dad .
your post has been automatically removed and put in a queue for human review .
this is a safety measure to prevent spammers from running rampant .
your post will not be approved if it is readily answered by our wiki or in clear violation of our rules .
before contacting the moderators to request approval please check over the r/fitness wiki https thefitness.wiki to see if your question can be answered by our existing resources .
click here to search past threads on r/fitness https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on
in addition please make sure to read over the rules http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules and make sure your question is not breaking any of them .
if you have done all of this and still did n't find an answer to your question you may contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness amp subject=please+reapprove amp message=/r/fitness/comments/uq2ujp/questions_regarding_body_fat_and_body_fat_lose for review of your post .
keep in mind however that if your thread breaks the posting rules it will not be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
every place i know of is offering a bonus .
which means that any place you go you 're going to work your tail off and be asked to do extra shifts and so forth .
looks like an old build anything happen recently before this happened ?
mid-game mid something or just randomly trying to turn it on and this ?
oops u/snappyintruder looks like you have n't read our rules .
please make sure your post follows our rules and try posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fuckdoll if you have any questions or concerns .
they stole this clip from reddit put it on tiktok and put it then back on reddit
why should you get positive rp if you ca n't even finish in the top half 10/20 of teams ?
really hard to disagree since the tweet implies nothing but people should have a right to choose '' alongside the trite observation that some people are gross which no one can honestly disagree with .
meanwhile people literally dropping the term eugenics '' in this thread
germany 's song was sooo great it 's makes no sense that they got so little points
van der poel is really not over not winning yesterday
sasasi 's shading and coloring is always excellent but i love how he depicts the abyssal sea and the cameos from other digimon like marineangemon and submarimon .
yeah i included maddison as a leicester cover and got vardy instead of kane .
my other options were vardy and a liverpool midfielder like mane or jota or vardy and a second man city midfielder like mahrez .
here i am wondering why the fuck this shit is still in the game
krigen i jugoslavien som ägde rum under hela 90-talet var en svårare situation än både det nuvarande kriget i ukraina och kubakrisen .
där försvarsalliansen nato förde ett illegalt krig och begick krigsbrott .
woah i 'm more hyped for her kai ni b version than yamato 3
every single un map about votings on basic human rights everywhere green except the us and israel
yta hope this helps her open her eyes and divorces you
could 've sworn only gowthers voice actor had this skin do you have a source for the magazines ?
do n't gay men hang a hanky out their back pocket as part of the code ?
it 's just that i was n't really able to tell him what i feel about him .
tbf the graphics arent exactly as good as new gen games
y'all are welcome to go to your local police station and do a ride along .
i think you will see us in a different light .
i was just giving my opinion on your opinion which i did n't think was so unpopular so i thought my view on it was probably more likely to be unpopular .
but at the end of the day it 's a story .
if it was reality i would have snatched bill weasley at the first given chance and moved to some secluded island where i could have practiced transfiguration on seashells all day long when i was n't busy snogging bill .
the grade can not be taken off your transcript .
all you can do at this point is learn from your mistakes and make sure it does n't happen again .
she just needed to say it one last time ... like wrapping the season with a bow
she might just be ready to drop her last nap .
if i were the one recording i would have been telling them to knock that shit off .
do n't pretend like you 're clairvoyant there 's no way to tell if someone paid for theirs or got in a really trash pub lobby etcetera .
those badges have more to do with luck than skill even a broken clock is right twice a day .
i 'm not saying it 's easy either but i 'm not impressed by these badges because they 're able to be bought .
why would people be eager to buy overpriced stock that elon manipulates through tweets ?
not sure it has been posted but gen. hertling has posted his newest thoughts
before anyone talks shit check his history both for this conflict and his career .
edit before i get anymore comments why would people talk shit '' ... because they have in the past when i have posted his stuff so i was trying to head off pointless comments .
obviously now i have over corrected ao hoping this edit fixes that now ...
when you play h3 at 9:45 but have the cowboy action championship at 10
hang out with the majority of my family my friends and have fun
i wo n't argue that but i will say i found fragile to be a pretty welcome change from kojima 's other women in previous games .
quiet was cringe and the epitome of him creating women in the worst way .
i was worried when the scantily clad scene popped up but big but i really liked that take .
i get that it 's still a scantily clad woman and if you subscribe the the line of thought that what higgs did is a type of sexual assault i 'd buy that then her carrying those scars makes her feel more like a character who just ca n't get over her assault and makes her fall in with the other caricatures you described .
but given the world and the time all aspect i thought it was a pretty well executed scene and made me really admire her character in the present '' time of the game .
now that i 've rambled ... what were your thoughts on fragile ?
the heavily accented nothing wrong with it in and of itself but really jarring girlfriend who also was portrayed like a daughter .
when we first saw her i thought she was someone 's little daughter .
but they 're on the outskirts not responsible for cities .
they honestly could do a shida and statlander vs the baddies feud .
let 's not forget they were each other 's first on screen friends and allies in aew .
braiding sweetgrass indigenous wisdom scientific knowledge and the teachings of plants https www.goodreads.com/book/show/17465709-braiding-sweetgrass
as a botanist robin wall kimmerer has been trained to ask questions of nature with the tools of science .
as a member of the citizen potawatomi nation she embraces the notion that plants and animals are our oldest teachers .
in braiding sweetgrass kimmerer brings these lenses of knowledge together to show that the awakening of a wider ecological consciousness requires the acknowledgment and celebration of our reciprocal relationship with the rest of the living world .
for only when we can hear the languages of other beings are we capable of understanding the generosity of the earth and learning to give our own gifts in return .
58404 books suggested i do n't feel so good.. https debugger.medium.com/goodreads-is-retiring-its-current-api-and-book-loving-developers-arent-happy-11ed764dd95 source https github.com/rodohanna/reddit-goodreads-bot
i 'm going to have to pass on that but thank you very much☺️ and the shirt was a gift and everything else was amazon
i 've honestly not liked a lot of halsey 's actress this whole show .
she 's playing her the complete opposite of what the character is ... ... basically like the rest of the show .
last year my apartment building was hit by lightning and the two upstairs units caught fire .
our apartment was below them and filled with smoke .
i arrived home from work as this all was happening and freaked out because my cat was inside .
i immediately told the nearest firefighter who heroically went in and saved my cat .
when she came out and handed the cat over to me i was very emotional and caught in the moment and did n't realize a local news station was filming it .
they ran the clip that night with the text on the screen man reunited with cat after apartment fire . ''
super scary experience but a pretty cool turnout and my kitty is fine
dude i 'd love the download for these textures .
first time i found a rune bear i screamed so loud killed a undead guy and he turned in to the bear and well ... ... i died
reminds me of my t. lilith run to the beast as my last mark for the character and got telipillsed into the boss room .
on the bright side the clicker was in the boss rush room so i still got marks that run .
it 's genital mutilation that serves no purpose other than removing sexual function and enjoyment .
male circumcision as done by doctors we 're not talking religious shit that should definitely be banned on the other hand is removing a mostly vestigial organ with practically no side effects or risk .
people will hyperbolize about it all day long but the facts do n't lie .
there are even men who had it done later it life because their foreskin ripped .
personally i 'm glad i was circumcised as a baby .
i do n't hate the character but she does get a lot of people killed .
when my husband and i first began working from home i 'm a teacher and he is a gis analyst at the beginning of the pandemic we jumped at the chance to take control of our food choices and we both lost a significant amount of weight .
fast forward to us returning and we 've both put about 10 pounds back on because of that office/faculty room food culture .
we 've definitely learned about how deliberate we need to be about our choices but damn it 's hard !
people who use the 'i was raised here ' to shit on other people are the worst but also there 's a reason people move here if you left for a little while you might figure that out and stop shitting on people for making that choice .
it 's a rumor and it 's not likely to come to pass any time soon .
do n't waste your time with any of the speculation .
potentially stupid question but when a pitcher comes back from tommy john surgery and has to sit out 12-18 months is it typical that they would regress to being a mediocre/replacement level pitcher ?
like is there any reason to expect glasnow is still the same pitcher he was 2 years ago ?
it feels like so much time off the mound would reset '' some of their talent .
do not post your skype name in a public .
we recommend against comments like pm 'd you '' or check your inbox '' or sent you a message '' as they are never useful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwskype if you have any questions or concerns .
people who have n't ended up in a dangerous unit yet .
lmao i always detected an underlying evil while i lived there
this is n't true just learn a safe opener and master it .
also master zvz walls so that you can reliably macro .
just go hard on the missions and the catholic history so make the bell the only symbol
that 's 3 fuckin 5-3 's this series that 's insane in the playoffs
when the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace .
the last is a lot more variable though hoffman helps keep accessories stocked karlee 's 50 use speed is always useful arguably moreso if solo mom would be pretty useful with her two team buffs if she was n't bugged rn .
3 is probably between karlee and hoffman just because their boosts are always useful
you 're supposed to use a special tool to install those on small block chevys .
they just press in and they 're known for coming out .
me personally i 'd just replace the whole oil pump they 're cheap enough 100 and if they fail your engine becomes a boat anchor .
if you replace the pump you can buy a new one with a flanged pickup tube that actually bolts to the pump and the initial issue can no longer happen or you can tack weld the press in style tube to the pump body itself for peace of mind .
if cost is a primary concern yo could just press the old tube back in and tack it in place but you 're taking a gamble because you do n't know if the current pump makes adequate oil pressure and if it does n't then motor comes out once again .
or maybe they meant the bottom portion of the dipstick tube ?
if it is in fact the pickup tube i 'd strongly suggest you do n't drive the car .
i think i had they same issue with an xt20 .
the tags remind me of the scene in king of the hill when bobby is holding a wooden board for hank to hammer and he 's like ok .
if you want me to hold it tight say t. if you want me to hold it real tight say rt .
that 'll be our system '' and hank says t '' and the board flips up and hit him in the head .
you forget per language perhaps they could 've done something like the soulcalibur games that let you customize prerecorded voice tones .
even last summer was pretty dead for me probably cause restrictions started to be lifting summer 2 years ago was fine .
we 're still in a good position in this game but uhhh when are they gon na cool off from 3 cause that needs to happen if we 're gon na have a chance
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly nobody cares much about people they do n't know .
one of the most liberating things is realising this .
this man manages to send out in the deepest part of the park with one of the most uncomfortable looking swings i 've seen all year
the man is like if you grafted a great white shark 's jaw muscles into the core of a gigantic human that loves baseball
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise .
use tools such as http www.bscheck.eu and https tokensniffer.com to help you determine if this project is legitimate but do not solely rely on these tools .
be sure to read comments particularly those who are downvoted and warn your fellow redditors against scams .
feel free to join in on our newly made telegram at https t.me/cryptomoonshots to discover and submit projects as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptomoonshots if you have any questions or concerns .
the house is clean and food is ready i do n't know about the bed though
elon does know that daniel plainview was n't the good guy right ?
if he stayed fit he 's got that goldson last man back '' role down to a tee .
i wonder if faze are nervous about nuke or just going mad
solar energy especially cost-inefficient rooftop solar that operators ca n't control at all can only make europe 's grid even more reliant upon rapidly-adjustable natural gas power to deal with the intermittency because electricity generation must always match the demand at all times or the grid fails catastrophically .
this is the reason that wood energy is actually the main renewable '' energy in europe it meets renewables '' quotas without being intermittent .
they could completely eliminate fossil fuels and wood for electricity without making homes more expensive or the grid more unstable by just building more nuclear plants .
the ipcc itself said there is no scenario where we can limit warming to 1.5°c without a significant expansion of nuclear power so it 's literally climate science denial to think it can be done with just renewables .
but climate-science-denying germany is unfortunately the leader of the eu .
i do n't think i 've ever seen someone with negative comment karma before
i have french/english versions of baudelaire and rimbaud poetry .
it 's apt that you commented on this post considering camus ' view on the absurdity of our struggle in this messed up world .
i was n't as much disappointed as just annoyed at the times when people yell mr. satan !
a lot of people use metal cast red from dupli color .
you mention at the end that his estate is paying for the funeral .
you know that 's coming out of her money as his wife .
if you and your uncle want something different you need to plan it separately and pay for it .
ah you forgot step 5 which you so kindly provided for me .
use a copy and paste gotcha comment with illogical and snarky attempts to refute the fact that you 're wrong while feeling like you have won .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
like if it was someone breaking into my house to replace all my book covers with worse ones..
all talk about tft but you do n't even know that this failed craft was made outside of tft services .
i ca n't imagine how much she spends on medication only !
you spent most of your adult life under a lot of mental and physical stress to perform else others could die .
that 's trauma that 's exactly what that is .
it 's fear of failure fear of death fear of letting others down .
the real world '' mostly is n't like that .
ever see an old man or woman out walking for exercise or just leisure ?
yeah they 're slower than you or i but they 've also figured some stuff out .
it 's going to take a long time to get you to slow that brain down of yours often longer than you were in .
nothing wrong with working hard or wanting to do a good job but there 's also some driving factors in your brain that you need to spend some time thinking about .
all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
see reality fiction https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a 22reality+fiction 22 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all and simple prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a 22simple+prompt 22 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all for stricter titles
be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback and follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
the surrounding area of antioquia is also great and thats a big part of it .
you can literally just go from a busy city to a beautiful pueblo in an hour and a half and rent a finca for the weekend and its cheap to do .
yep just because some us had to learn a second or third language does n't mean we 're good at being multilingual .
thank you pricing is bad for me as i have not got that much money but am trying to save up for a n64
lapsana communis which has the giggle-worthy common name nipplewort . ''
an herb native to europe and moderately invasive in lots of other places in the world .
it 's not bad because the system is created by white people for white people '' .
any individual instance of what liberals would consider prejudice and racism from non-whites is not important because if you look at the whole picture of society white people maintain cultural dominance .
this community is for all things related to morocco/moroccans .
for this place to be inclusive and welcoming to all we have a set of rules that everyone must abide by .
please take the time to read those rules follow them and help us enforce them by reporting offenders .
remember to be civil and courteous at all times .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/morocco if you have any questions or concerns .
considering nearly all new tvs being sold at this point are smart tvs that 's not really relevant at all .
you download the dazn app just like you have to do for showtime/hbo .
fewer and fewer people have traditional channel lineups where they subscribe add a premium channel like showtime to their service and it 's going to continue to go extinct .
agreed sucks for the new riders looking for a nice trail bike and then getting the cheapest roscoe 6 with the xcal frame and qr rear axle .
i have the 2021 xcal 7 as a commuter bike and for that purpose it 's great and fast on pavement but on serious trails and jumps ?
roscoe 7 would be the best value just upgrade the fork and brakes and it 's a fantastic bike .
they did n't have that one in stock so i ended up with the 8 and love it👌
so say you test negative for everything but amphetamines since you have a prescription for adderall .
a confirmation panel would n't even be done at that point .
in the event of a positive result the mass spectrometry machine is set to only look for certain metabolites in the urine to confirm the suspected positive it 's not looking for every possible metabolite in your urine just the specified positive result metabolite been dealing with positive adderall tests for a long time every drug test i take always comes back with amphetamines i show em my paperwork and your in the clear .
this is me being petty af but sometimes the best karma is showing the people that do n't support you is how you can do just fine without them .
is there something there i do n't know about ?
yeah if shes worried about looking like a bad mother she is a bad mother
all do but flags are usually more original especially subdivision flags .
in fact they did n't even exchange anything the past 3 months all kazuya 's efforts to keep contact were deflected by the wall of chizuru ''
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
you pivoted from racism is as good as dead to well you ca n't fix racism so we should n't hurt people 's feelings by calling them racist when they say point blank wildly racist things and act on it because is n't the cure worse than the disease ?
i 'm not saying we can solve racism i 'm saying it still exists and is still a problem .
when the most popular political pundit on the most watched news network has the same views on race as a kid that shoots up a grocery store to send a message to minorities that 's still a problem .
i think their is a middle ground between 1984 and being able to say yeah that dude was real racist.
oh shit i just realized it 's my cake day .
i just think doing yet another indiana jones is a terrible terrible idea mr ford is like 300 years old now where is youre dignity man my apologies i digress the original 4 are fantastic and i 'm gon na b brutallyhonest here ‘skull ' is just terrible and ‘shia leboff ' is just like watching an itch you ca n't quite scratch however now he is a very talented actor i just hope he can get his head into the rite place and continue his awesome work anyways i always try and lower my expectations of a film if it 's something i 'm the only one who did n't go to the cinema to see but they 're all great fun and some of the set pieces are fantastic chill back and enjoy ❤️🎥❤️😎
it reminds me of the scene when mike goes to nacho 's workplace and nacho asks how did you find me ? mike just scoffs at him lol .
you need to at least live a few years for it to be effective but sure .
covered face can really become one of things thats elevates a character .
the movie dredd with karl urban really showed what you can do with only glimpse of lower jaw
every summer i see more and more pollinators and birds stopping by and it makes my chronic back pain worthwhile
i think the idea is good but you ca n't have people dictate how house money is or is n't spent .
you as the president/owner should be the one that makes the decision because more often than not your employees will want you to spend it on what benefits them and not what will benefit the company as a whole .
gay people are simply too powerful for this straight cream you speak of
ric flair is gon na be pissed about the birthday rule .
the real artist must have just made the picture .
the spanish d is more like the english th sound .
the english d is like the single r. we share the same alphabet but the phonemes or sounds of the language are different .
let 's be real though it 's all about looks that 's all it 's even been about .
plenty of these guys as you 've mentioned them come in and out of dating pool but everyone is fighting over the top 10 of attractiveness
got the hoff walker jim karlee and heng 250s .
i 'm around a 100 off of sharice 's .
not even planning to go for evangelo or holly .
mom 's bugged and making people bleed out really fast when downed .
there 's two ways to say wey güey the wey way and the güey way
google says the school has a 3.8 billion endowment and 9,300 students .
we 've been together 7.5 years and have 2 kids .
i feel like we have met in a past life prrr-haps we should ask lion-kitty ?
its wholesome manhwa if u want some same clone mc like other manhwa dont read this one
with the number of different separatist ideas within the uk the map does an extremely poor job of discerning any of them nor what they would be separating from .
same ... we have a pool in our backyard and when i take walks around it i ca n't not save any bee i see struggling .
to the point where if the bee is too far away for me to reach i 'll go grab the pool net from the shed and haul the bee out that way .
my heart feels a mild pang every time i see a bee that 's already dead in the water .
recently my cat also caught a bird in her mouth .
i was able to get her to release the bird for a bit and i thought it was injured .
i sat with it and caressed it talked to it .
but then it flapped out of my hand and hopped away .
i later went out to look for it in the backyard but it was nowhere to be seen so i had assumed it had flown away .
i let my cat back out because she loves being outdoors and i love giving her that freedom .
later i saw that my cat had left same bird now dead in front of the backyard door .
i got so sad and immediately started grieving as i buried the bird in the soil and told it to rest in peace .
my heart literally hurt from the pain when i saw that its chest had been torn open by my cat so that i could see its heart .
i told my mom who immediately blamed me for letting my cat back outside .
i was already at a low point then and her comment just sent me into a shame and guilt spiral .
when i hit rock bottom i felt like i had participated in secondhand murder .
i 've since worked through most of the guilt and grief but i occasionally sit with the bird in its grave talking to it or just in silence remembering how beautiful its vibrant green feathers were how beautiful and alive its eyes were remembering its presence .
please be sure to follow all rules https www.reddit.com/r/gooned/about/rules and to report sketchy stuff .
more goonfuel and meetups can be found at r/jerkbudss !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gooned if you have any questions or concerns .
give me that 500 or just throw it away to the wind .
you will lose all of it and after you lose it you will put more money and more ...
not everyone wants the commitment of a relationship or needs validation from a romantic partner is what you 're forgetting .
not everyone 'just has n't met the right person yet ' .
they simply ai n't interested and happy being alone .
actually that 's a good question i 'm going to make it .
the autodetect input source option of the menu only works for me when turning on the monitor not when i switch off a device and have another one active it 's inconvenient .
but if i remember correctly there is a shortcut to change the source by moving the jog button left or right without pressing it first .
there 's really not a way to make two duelists 2v1 you unless you actually know them in which case it 'd be better for them to summon you as a duelist
it 's only slightly more realistic with microsoft but the best you 'll get with ps5 is buying custom aftermarket plates .
i do n't have a 3d printer i 'm just interested in getting one .
the stuff i see on this sub daily really reinforces my feeling that 3d printers are mostly useless .
did n't we just get told that there 's high market demand for babies and that 's why women should be forced to birth them ?
i just need a girlfriend now to become the ultimate gay
alright il give you 4 quakes for a dragon cough it up boy .
spent around 1200 to repair rusted door last year .
that 's the only repair in its entire life .
sent you a chat just to tease you some more
cocaine toxicity can have serious consequences on the body but is not particularly dose dependent .
all of cocaine 's negative effects are dose dependent .
the larger dose you take the more at risk you are both from increased blood pressure and heart rate and also from its anti-arrhythmic effects .
i would be very interested to see any documented case that shows elevated dopamine levels were directly responsible for death .
the drug raises your blood pressure and heart rate into lethal territory in overdose .
this idea that our body 's neurotransmitters are safe and no harm can come of them is wrong .
so many ways to die include just our own neurotransmitters .
certain antidepressants called monoamine oxidase inhibitors famously can easily kill you if you take a normal dose of just about any stimulant because your own neurotransmitters just do n't break down and end up killing you .
death from alcohol withdrawal is from your own glutamate neurotransmitters .
and again death from cocaine overdose is due to your own dopamine and norepinephrine neurotransmitters .
plot comes from characters taking action in opposition to each other and/or external forces .
furiosa kidnaps immortan joe 's wives he pursues max and nux get caught in the middle and forced to be heroes . ''
furiosa and the wives want to reach the green place .
immortant joe wants to take them back and reassert his power . ''
furiosa wants redemption to be free from rage and guilt .
the wives want freedom to not be an object of control .
nux wants his life and encroaching death to have meant something .
like literally in the first 20 minutes of the movie .
furiosa is up to some sneaky shit on a routine mission .
nux is talking about how he 's going to die gloriously .
immortan joe is wielding his control of the water supply to issue booming proclamations to a stinky crowd who worship him like a god-king and the second one person refuses to he loses his fucking mind .
ground your characters in feelings first foremost and always .
without reading your script i can broadly say if your story is n't doing that right now you probably started with plot first and are trying to drive backwards to the emotion so you 've likely got characters contorting themselves and over-explaining their feelings in a superficial way to suit the needs of a plot that does n't allow their actions to simply arise organically from whatever they 're feeling .
yeah it 's not a ripoff of pgte it 's a ripoff of kkc !
i lifted mine up slightly and dabbed some caulking .
i know far from the best idea but it worked .
mine was like that as soon as i opened the box .
caulk and put a large book on top of it for a couple hours .
these last-minute declarations are n't who the paper think should win but a calculated play about who they think would win .
they want to be on the right side of history .
i just tried to pack it with as many detective tropes as i could think of right down to the murders in the rue morgue !
the belief that someone will just blindly grab the smaller bottle without looking just wanting a small drink is also a massive factor
please keep in mind that the user might not be the person in the picture .
check the username or original post before commenting as if this was the op .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pickonepornstar if you have any questions or concerns .
i would objectively day that gorillaz are several tiers above idles .
they have an incredible band backing singers guests and amazing visuals .
if you go from gorillaz to idles you will experience a pretty severe drop in quality and production .
i 've seen idled a few times and enjoyed it but there 's a gulf .
i like them personally i think the chosen one is still the better one .
the first set tho is bad especially the warlock helmet i do n't know how can it be so popular when it looks so stupid
i mean i dont think they really expect any extensive medical knowledge when they ask questions
so it would make more sense to say that you would call 911 describe the situation and your location in the clearest way possible to the operator and follow instructions given to until the ambulance arrives
it could also help to describe how you would manage your emotions and what you would do internally to stay calm under pressure
to think how many reps he had to complete to build that muscle and he had to fight with his body for every single one .
i agree with everyone there can be no messing around with these terrorists .
i 'm afraid we in the west are just to soft on them .
almost as if there was a correlation between risk and reward .
dems ai n't doing squat since biden elected cuz they afraid if they win midterms they got nothing to fearmonger during presidential elections but that 's just my 2 cents .
gavin newsom tried to call out his party lackluster accomplishes under biden admin and pelosi decided to bite his head off instead of matching his energy at the dems .
sick of gop greasing elbows for wins when they not even in power tired of dems rolling over .
dang i wash em by hand in the sink after 1 load to keep them soft and nice for my pp
i meant if there is an template for this which we can use and edit the images in it .
on the second the ship seems too small for me and the lion too big .
you think i should cross post something from this sub to r/ereh ?
i just used this as i am a positive case no evidence required though so would recommend .
pretty easy although there is limited time available now of course .
if you start giving money to beggars like that then they may never do a job 'cause they will do well enough for survival from the money you gave to them and be a lazy ass for like .
india is suffering from this problem from lots of years .
and i do not condone for others saying ez when it is said i am just saying because in my language ez this .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=meaterskeeter
yes because he would n't be a republican 🤣 .
alright here 's the list of all the names in there
interestingly enough it 's from 1971 so probably pretty outdated .
but i do n't see biden in there i do see trump and 5 of his relatives .
is there anyone you want to point to specifically ?
like what evidence is there that appearing listed in the book is something nefarious ?
did it have pedos '' in gold lettering on the cover or something ?
i know it was a typo but my name translated to english literally means uvula 😂
depends how long you are planning to stick out with this cpu .
if you think of upgrading soon to ryzen 3000-5000 gen it could be wiser to have 3200-3600 cl16 kit even if ryzen 1600 might have trouble running it and would need manual downclocking .
if you plan on keep using 1600 for a while still then 3000 cl16 would be a good choice .
the pattern is never going to be 100 correct on more pronounced curves .
but you just have to get the lines correct enough to look okay from tt view .
you need equally spaced lines that are the same thickness as the space between them .
it 's probably easier to start with the darker color as a base then draw a nice grid of lines in the lighter color .
that lets you get the size and spacing a little cleaner .
then you just '' have to darken out the intersections of the light color to make it a checkerboard .
post should be removed for making too much sense .
trying to see if my stomach can do that ?
imho the credit industry is one of the biggest pitfalls for people .
they enslave people because they promote living outside of your means .
i now live cash in hand and the only card i have is a debit card .
it may not work for everyone but it works for me and it lets me sleep much better at night .
i do n't need credit i do n't want credit .
couple years ago i bought a f350 to assist me on my homestead mostly .
if i do n't have it in the bank or on me then i do n't get what ever it was or i 'll save up for it .
i do n't want to owe or be owed .
your post has been removed because the title did n't start with blursed '' or blursed '' .
you can repost your image with a proper title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
though to be fair almost anyone could have made a better ending
they should all be labeled best boy/girl and love me
i do n't care how they do it i want shaco as a boon champion .
you have until 05/20 10:47 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20220520t144759 .
it 's 2nd and 10 on the rutgers 26 .
u/outbachsteakhouse reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' usa5cu ''
usually our actions do not match our words how would you believe whether the person will keep their word or not ?
why the fuck would they put nick cave at the same time as bauhaus
you assume this is a one off thing and people do n't react angry when being embarrassed ... .
i would either confront him directly and share that it is n't ok but want to be a good neighbor .
please do n't trespass on my property ever again or i will submit this to the cops .
if you need anything and i can help please ask .
what is the difference in going into a crawl space to steal gas compared to going into the hosus to steal a 20 out of your wallet ?
then i would lock my stuff up and get a couple more cameras .
dogs are faster than humans and attack with their teeth .
if this woman had attacked him with her teeth and he punched her out of sheer primordial fear of being bitten then that makes sense otherwise he could run away and as a woman she would be slower .
i 'm not saying he should run away or anything i 'm not saying anything .
i 'm just saying your argument is n't compelling .
i 'm cool with being self-important if you agree you 're a dick .
must have been too complicated for my tiny brain since i have a reading disability after all lol .
well i mean what would n't most of us do to get out of alabama ?
i went to one of their events and talked with one of their employees and he wanted the resume to have dates and a completely different format .
luca was on bottom 4 times she was on bottom once .
scorching ray/battering blast/hellfire ray spam remains viable all the way to the end game .
crossblooded extra bloodline for 3 damage to every dice pretty much melts everything .
well get your mom dad drunk and put some lionel ritchie on to set the mood .
i picked the username 8 years ago specifically because i knew it would frustrate you 3
i hate it tbh people have skewed perception and sleep on kebun and garrett cyr and coolio .
they put too much stock into the streamers that were big during the 3.0 boom saying they should leave cg or be leader of cg that they carry cg etc .
quite like how many europeans think most africans live in mud huts .
i 'm pretty sure lagos nigeria has more skyscrapers faster internet and more online payment options than they do in berlin
i lived in the marais for almost a year and it is one of my favorite places in the world .
paris is best seen on foot in my opinion it 's so so walkable and you will see the beauty of the city best when you are n't skipping over the large sections via metro .
the metro is world class though so do n't be afraid of that either .
and it 's so easy to rent lime bikes or scooters you can do so in your normal uber app !
my favorite walk from when i lived there would be to go to hôtel de ville walk to the seine cross over and explore île de la cité see notre dame and highly recommend going inside sainte chapelle then cross back to the right bank and walk along the river walk up past the louvre .
go back up to the street level to see the louvre pyramids and then walk through tuileries to place de la concorde .
then make your way back to the seine and walk a few bridges up to pont alexandre iii .
this is my favorite bridge in all of paris and you can cross here to see invalides .
also to add on to others take the metro to montmartre that 's one of the less walkable areas because it 's so far north and so hilly .
i have a comedy night event this evening to prepare for so bear with me 😇
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
afks every second game geting queued with 3 unranked 4 egypts so no comms at all the give skin give skin '' dudes people buying in ecos or eco in buy rounds so much toxicity that the only difference to csgo is that nobody tells me he fucks my mom in russian
i even had two players killing themselves by fall dmg every round and no i did not get a ban notification
his house was also not what i expected i kinda like it
i 'd love to set you up as a double gloryhole so guys can fuck your face and pussy and ass at the same time .
would be incredibly watching them fuck it on the big stage
dolphins also are known to rape in violent gangs just thought i should throw in one of the not so fun facts about dolphins
anyone who 's queueing up with randoms are not in a race if anyone expects all the randoms they play with to actually know and care about the max score strats they 're missing smth .
high scores is for premade teams or people who go in completely solo
if you 're working with a broker and you 've supplied all the necessary docs they should able to tell you with an almost certainty what your approval/price range/rate will be even before submitting it to the lender .
the only unknown should be the property itself as it has to meet certain criteria such as the appraisal supporting the purchase price .
thank you 🥹 that makes me feel so much better about this shitty day at work lol
let 's not compare the russian invasion to the american invasion all willy nilly .
the russian invasion is the result of a single tyrant and a kabal of oligarchs who support him .
the american invasion was at the behest of an admittedly questionably elected executive but it had tremendous support from hundreds of duly elected congress members .
there were many congress members that opposed it but they were a muttering minority that the rest of the legislative branch ignored .
feel like hasarangs should be bowling now.. maxwell the next
if you mean keystone xl most of that was destined for export since we do n't refine that tar sand stuff very well .
also the pipeline was n't even finished yet and therefore could n't be contributing to price changes via supply-demand .
there is plenty of openly permitted sites to develop .
energy companies are just upping their prices and holding out hope that newer and more profitable sites will open up if either a republican takes control
you do n't need to restart the whole game to fix this just get back to the main menu and rejoin your server
in 3.5 technically also 3.0 look up stats for ships and such .
these can be found in books like arms equipment guide and possibly some of the eberron books for airships to give you an idea of how vehicles were intended to function in that system .
personally i would take the concept and simplify it vehicles in 3.5 were not the shining example of how good the overall system is .
ships are built in multi-sections i might do front and back for tanks quadrants if you 're feeling extra .
it is giving people a good ego check as can be seen in the comments lol
even if i knew the solution to the world 's energy problems or whatever else i probably would refuse to share it .
way too many dipshits that i would n't want profiting would end up profiting from it .
the other reason i would n't is because i absolutely do not want to be any kind of famous .
heck i added mistakes to country and grade wide math tests back in school to ensure i would not end up within the top 3 because they would be printed in the local newspaper .
they are different things but not for the reasons you mentioned .
agnosticism deals with claims of knowledge but atheism with belief .
agnostic just means you do n't claim to know meaning you can be an agnostic believer .
atheism just means you reject the claims of theism it does n't mean you think god s do n't exist .
in a courtroom we find defendants guilty or not guilty and 'not guilty ' is n't the same as innocence .
most atheists find god s not guilty of existing and because they are n't making a claim to knowledge they are agnostic by default .
the mavs can not wait to steal a road game until game 7 it 'll be over before then if they do n't .
i 'm pessimistic because the warriors adjusted while winning and the good looks we had in the first half disappeared in the 2nd .
i did n't see that from the suns or jazz .
most likely he was the equivalent of a street begger or the equivalent of a dope head on skid row if he existed which i still do n't know 100 .
absolutely 😍 i 'd love to cum all over your perfect tits
well feanor canonically looks like eminem with long hair so this makes sense .
tarasenko if he does n't go on to spend like the last 10 years of his career elsewhere .
um i 'd stay away from cali we dont even actually really consider them part of the states .
ull hear horror stories about california especially la and nyc .
i remember a lot of people back during season 1 and the hiatus saying that she was the most boring character
elon is having a massive mental breakdown happening as he 's having a ton of stuff happening at once .
his girlfriend left him he has the allegations against him he lost 1/3 of his wealth on crypto investments so buying twitter is harder for him to do now tesla stock is dropping at an alarming rate .
i would say that he is losing pretty badly right now and i feel kinda sad for the people that continue to bootlick him .
a man finds magic rocks which allows him to read the ancient words of jesus who by the way was in mesoamerica 1,500 years before columbus .
yeah a lot of bitches do n't really know what rough really is .
they think it 's just a little pussy pounding and choking .
mpstly kinda creeped out id relate it to imagine if they guy moaned oh mommy
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
a little backstory i 18f have been dating my boyfriend 18m for 8 months .
he has three tattoos one on his arm with his 4 sisters names one on his thigh with his late father 's dates and one on his other arm of the number 10 made to look like the numbers on the back of a hockey jersey .
his dad 's hockey number was the number 10 and that 's the number my boyfriend has worn since his father passed .
one of my best friends 17f lets call her kiarah has problems understanding boundaries .
for as long as i 've known her she 's been a very touchy person who does n't understand personal space .
i did n't realize how big of an issue this was until i started dating logan .
she 's super touchy with him grabbing his arm playing with his hair ect .
she does the same thing with her other guy friends logan being the non confrontational person he is just puts up with it even though he does n't like it .
logan tries his best to distance himself from her but this semester they have math class together .
the other day i was sitting in biology when i opened a snap from kiarah .
she had coloured in the tattoos on logan 's arms with markers .
there were also a bunch of small dicks drawn in them too .
then immediately after i opened her snap logan texted me telling me to meet him in the hallway .
he was almost in tears when i saw him .
he told me he did n't know how to ask her to stop and how he hated that she 'd coloured in the tattoo for his father with dicks .
i confronted kiarah after school where i said you need to learn boundaries .
you do realize you flirt with my boyfriend all the time then you disrespect his dead dad . ''
she flushed red and insisted she did n't know that tattoo was for his dad 'since he already has one for his dad ' .
she repeatedly texted me telling me i embarrassed her in front of our friends and made her seem like a terrible person .
she did apologize to me but still claims i was wrong .
i feel like i could 've handled the situation better and had a calm discussion about it since it 's been a long standing issue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
they 're not going to give a non-superstar rookie any close calls .
waah yaar iitian bhi r/place pe baithke pixel daalte hai .
yea i remember you helped me a lot when i was trying to enlist to become a linguist .
i 'm just an 0231 but i 've been in for about a year and a half now
for me it 's like an empty feeling around my head and torso and kinda like a discomfort or antsy feeling around the rest of my body .
it can get to be an almost nausea like feeling if i 'm say bummed out because i have nothing to do on a friday night and hear someone driving by with loud music while i 'm in my room feeling like i 'm wasting life away in a void of doing absolutely nothing
tis ' but a scratch '' is a flesh would '' i 've had worse ''
agree ... he 's a douche bag who would benefit from a throat punch .
still a shit game but hey i 'll take whatever consolation i can get .
opt out of replies haikusbot opt out '' delete my comment haikusbot delete ''
omg such a terrible feeling the sensation of feeling left behind .
remember it is completely valid to feel this way and it does n't make you ungrateful .
the fact that there are other problems in the world does n't mean what you feel is not important .
i 'm no expert and i know it 's hard but you could try to forget about other people 's path and focus on yours .
i have the same problem and watching youtube videos about comparing yourself to others and how to stop this have helped me .
also maybe you could try doing something that makes you feel like you 're progressing like doing something for your career trying a new hobby overcoming your fears going to therapy etc .
talking about this with someone you trust can also be useful .
probably every human has experienced this feeling and they will understand when they listen .
of listings 4 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22darkprincesss 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 0 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20title 3a 22darkprincesss 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on
i 've tried tried tried and i 've tried even more .
i 've cried cried cried and i ca n't recall what for .
but the inevitable fact is that it never will impress !
i 've tried to go fork shopping but there 's no forks left to buy !
i 'm over my fork budget and i 'm now in forking debt !
i 'm pretty sure it 's because when it 's in a pot it 's makes a popping sound .
most redditors are fighting this war till this day .
i saw this huge dude on an electric scooter .
i immediately stood up and saluted and thanked him for his service .
he gave me a weird look like '' wtf dumbass '' and scootered off .
in this moment i felt proud i knew that he must 've been a cola war veteran as he was scarfing down a 3 liter coca cola probably a by product of his rampant ptsd to taste the sweet spoils of war the pure hfcs nectar engulfing your bloodstream with glucose .
to simply be in the midst of such a man true masculinity amputated diabetic foot .
and please welcome buy a non cucked gun from a stranger in a parking lot while your at it .
i got 2 gats right in front of me on the dinner table that would both make me a felon in commiefornia
while the data for current young people is sitting around 48-56 which is lower than 70 for older generations the british monarchy has survived much worse odds such as the abdication of edward vii .
i mean we even had a rather weak communist party and a long time socialist party that didn't/do n't want the monarchy to abdicate .
note to self do n't update to monterey 12.3.1 .
as far as your issue does the intellij log give you any insight into what is wrong ?
the only difference is i use milk and milk alone .
the rest is exactly how i 've been making mine .
i 'd be more terrified if he 'd gone with just the socks on
seu pai é culpado dos seus problemas por ter te dado a vida e não ter feito a dele antes do seu nascimento você só gostaria de ter sido melhor tratado na infância um pouco egoísta no fim seu pai não irá mudar pois já está indo para o fim da vida e recomendo você se afastar já que isso só te faz mal .
i 'd like to see it add a masters as well as ultra premier for extra help finding mons for that
hank and cristobal advised him to reveal a little more of his true nature .
he 's messed up in the past anyway like with the laptop gift weird ass tony soprano move as sally put it and treatment of the pinocchio guy which was also something he was encouraged to do by peers .
honestly i was almost surprised sally 's immediate conclusion was n't that he was joking but even if he was it definitely was n't the sort of time for that joke when he should be trying to reinstate his image to her as a guy who is not violent .
but given he wo n't admit to the yelling thing it makes sense that he would n't really get that either rn
i have it in one of the 5 inch safariland holsters .
kevin o'leary really plays up being an asshole on shark tank but in every other medium i 've seen him in he seems to be a pretty personable rational guy .
and what he 's been saying echoes things i read in business school about how a recession bottoms out .
tactical nukes like the one johnny used are generally designed to cause massive explosive damage to the target area with very low radiation yield .
also depends in the type of fissile material used and configuration .
a strategic nuclear bomb would have irradiated the entire city and probably cratered it too .
there are massive size differences between a tactical and strategic nuke .
one would assume that the tower contained a fair bit of it considering it detonated in the elevator shaft .
they appear to be far more technologically advanced at that time compared to our world so one would presume they had the tech to clean up any radioactive contamination .
they have robots that can work 24/7 decontaminating the blast zone .
johnny 's bomb was tiny in comparison to tactical nukes designed for use in combat situations tbh .
i 'm surprised it caused the explosion they depict .
these teams have been fantastic what are you on about
honestly i do n't notice myself being any slower on the brompton vs my full size tourer .
wind will make a nice brompton ride terrible in a hurry though .
one time i only swiped on someone because i saw they had a supermega car air freshener 🥵
literally waiting for all the kids to fall asleep so i finally create a wallet !
you could definitely go with red with the expectation that it will still turn out more brownish as the red cancels out the green but wo n't overtake it so to speak .
i hate that it 's the harsh truth but i went through it about a year ago and kept trying to avoid bleach but i would have saved myself a lot of pain and hassle if i had just gone for it lol .
as someone who has dj'ed professionally for over 20 years i 'd just like to point out that while the basics are easy to pick up playing one song after another the jump from that to playing in front of crowd is massive .
people seem to think that it 's more about the technical stuff beat matching using the mixer but the main skills needed have more to do with psychology and how you read crowds and use music to evoke reactions from them .
there are a bunch of them in this universe i created
hapoened to me once super sloshy snow got in my fender wells and when i went to drive off after work my back wheels were stuck there was a solid block of ice/snow connecting my fender well to the wheels my wheels were literally frozen stuck .
it took about 15 minutes with my ice scraper and i got them free enough to move .
r/onlyfanscougars is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanscougars if you have any questions or concerns .
i found one possibly s u i c i d e by vintiss let me know if this helped
blockz will feature over one thousand new building blocks .
they come in 17 unique shapes and can be crafted in nearly every material .
you can also rotate them any direction you want .
i am adding every material from wood to glass to sea lanterns .
it also features vertical slabs concrete stairs/slabs vertical carpet diagonal iron bar and more .
it will work on pc as well as phone bedrock pocket edition .
​hopefully it will be ready for release in the next few weeks .
it will be available on mcpedl once it is done .
feel free to stalk my reddit profile to see other projects i have completed .
driving from chicago to denver spending two full days on a straight expressway then doing the same back .
oh you think everyone has access to safe medical procedures ... .hilarious !
i agree but it shows a significant lack of foresight .
with his choice of words and actions he 's started something he ca n't really stop and it risks the narrative and image he has built .
it 's that disregard and lack of thought in what seems like a very ego driven response that makes me say that he 's being dumb .
someone who is in the position that he 's in who somehow was n't also a megalomaniac would know when to shut up and let their lawyers and pr team handle things .
i do laugh at them when they say dumb shit though .
i personally do n't give a fuck but practicing catholics would n't appreciate it .
very good game play it on xbox series x backwards compatibility better than the ps3 version i played not to long ago
i suggest to take taxis driving seems difficult if you 're not from there they drive on opposite side of the road some aggressive drivers most streets are 2 lane only .
bring cash in diff denominations so you can pay appropriately .
you 'll get an idea of how much taxi rides should cost .
do n't let the shop owners swindle you they are mostly all selling the same thing politely decline .
a lot of places are real old school so paying in cash/jamaican currency is clutch .
can you imagine if music teachers went around telling students as soon as you dream that you 're giving a rock concert that means that you 're almost a professional ! ''
i have kept an eye on this game for a while and while i am super impressed by it and it looks cool .
sadly it does n't look like the kinda game i would play right now .
nothing wrong with that though not every game is going to please everyone .
but i must say i am happy to see you take the name change consideration .
i 'm not gon na throw a name in coz i ca n't actually think of one and i do n't feel it 's right that i should throw a name in im if i 'm not gon na play this anytime soon .
but i did really like some names thrown in i like iaido bladerina and black blade ballet .
i think it 's funny alot of people are still tryna suggest a suggestive name .
it 's a good laugh to see but i really hope that 's all it is .
me1 shows a little age in its gameplay but the world building is fantastic .
it 's the most rpg focused title they get way more action based from me2 in to me3 .
they all look great with the updates in the legendary edition .
the series is up there as of my favourite of all time .
oh it 's a gamble and an expensive one at that no matter what anyone says on here .
they are n't guaranteed to make it and they 'll need more retailers buying shares when they open it up again to acquire more money .
yes i always think she looks gorgeous in that sweater and then the dress is unreal
they usually start with animals becuase they know society values their pain suffering and lives less .
so they practice on them then move on to humans .
no effort whatsoever and the funny thing is it was ordered back in like november and only came in about 3 weeks ago smh .
se soubesse algo sobre o maior gênio do ocidente diria que era machista racista elitista e tudo que termina com ista .
i got back into it after being away for 12 years .
a whole lot of people all over the globe .
this includes a huge portion of asmongold 's viewership if the numbers and the posts here are anything to go by ...
the only people who want to ban guns altogether are probably going to do something that would require the victim to have a gun to defend themselves .
but if untrue i would love to know what they would do if an armed home invader breaks in .
once their wife is wrapped in duct tape after a sexual assault while their kids watch i wonder if they 'd still be against armed home defense .
but by then it 's a little too late is n't it ?
but if you ban guns that 'll never happen so i guess i 'm the dumbass
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ateistturk if you have any questions or concerns .
i would like a path of the righteous build guide for an elven sorcerer who uses a longbow when not casting and you can cash the highest level spells towards the end of the game .
also i 'm looking for mythic pass suggestions that works the best with the saucer that 's not a ledge because i would prefer to play a good character versus an evil one .
the police can not get a warrant for searching the whole dorm .
i still have all my 15 referrals left feel free to dm me .
https s.reddit.com/c/191wi7uc04y86 the sign up is soooo easy ! !
super quick and smooth the whole process took about 2 minutes .
you can sign up here https monese.com/gb/en/pricing https monese.com/gb/en/pricing .
we are not meant to share the codes publicly so feel free to contact me and i 'll send it to you have a great day
in my goofy headcanon vader woke up in the bacta tank because he could sense through the force that reva was revealing that he 's anakin and he 's like oh no she did n't ''
i was about to comment any hughes movie from the 80s '' and saw a couple of my favorite movies and examples lol .
shit that 's unexpected i 'm even more scared of how i 'm gon na clean it now lol
1 if you do n't require the latest version of the app you could try appstore to dl a suitable version directly from the app store for your os
2 if you have another device on a newer os dl the app on that device from the app store then use your os 12.5.5 device enter the app store under purchased '' select and dl the app .
the app store will dl the latest version of the app compatible with your os
a 4 mana 5/4 that dose n't really do anything is so slow .
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/getmoreviewsyt/comments/uz2xzu/this_vr_horror_game_traumatized_me_crawlspace in r/getmoreviewsyt has been automatically removed because you used an emoji or other symbol .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/getmoreviewsyt if you have any questions or concerns .
this sub in late may churns out some wild stuff .
two is one and one is none campaign card swarm card offense/brawn
you can equip a primary weapon in your secondary slot .
no women are not subjected to the same dna deletion program as males .
in fact there is almost no natural selection in homo sapiens .
males do not decide the mating choice females do .
even in bonobo 's where natural selection seem to be the norm when mating research shows that some preferred males have more offspring then other not so preferred males .
how is that possible when the bonobo females mate with any willing male !
as research has proven homo sapiens males decide the sex of the offspring .
there is zero research into the uterus as an organ of gene manipulation .
however science does show that the amount of hormones released by the mother has a lot of influence on the fetus and development especially males where more of less testosterone during gestation leads to different lengths strengths and capabilities .
would it be idiotic to say that maybe ... maybe the function of the uterus is misunderstood in the process of creating social hierarchies especially for males .
where a small group of males is the preferred partner for females and a large portion of males not .
let 's not set aside that most males through history never had offspring .
not because of conflict but due to female mating strategies .
these strategies must certainly have influenced the moral of males .
is moral in the x chromosome the same as moral in the y chromosome .
as males have and x and y and females only x and inactive x does it constitute a difference in expressiveness of moral ?
if a group is a simple majority it will always contain the median point regardless of your ordering unless you find a way to break them up such that they form minority groups who can be ordered with another group in between .
idk that this is severe enough to qualify as duress as all op has said was that the do told her to sign it which is not duress .
but regardless whether it was or wasnt duress does not play into whether any mark can be your signature .
if this was not signed under duress then the op agreed to what they signed whether they signed with their middle name x or joe biden and the fact they used their middle name doesnt magically alleviate them from the obligations of the document .
i wish my work from home job was like this i 'm getting requests all day i do n't even have time for this
i think you 'd still benefit from it as far as anti aging is concerned .
it may be more of an issue for controlling acne .
yup cops can not be trusted to defend our lives .
i 've tested another site with more load hosted on hostinger it loads pretty fast .
moreover the nodejs and python hosting is n't that good .
not sure if that is a country server location or plan-wise issue .
imagine a one year old child somehow stranded on a deserted island .
at the age of 25 do you think they 'd adhere to any of the established religions ?
tried about 20 times really need help please any 1
fun fact the cia tortured that guy through an experiment run through is university .
are there landmarks or something to tell you where you are ?
to be clear is your claim that john said he doesnt believe the massacre happened or that he says the event is dubious '' ?
just here to remind that his armor is lightish red .
they selling the emulator not the games or the console
you can go to cdc 's website and pull the source data that was used to generate this report .
15 16 and 17 account for over half of the gun deaths in 2020 .
you are slow but that 's because your brain is wired differently and it takes more time than non adhd people to process incoming information and organize it in a way that makes enough sense for you to follow it .
you are not unintelligent or dense or mentally impaired even .
the only way in which our differently-structured brains are impaired is in that society is not set up to accommodate us .
any decent employer who knows your skillset will value what you can do not attributes of your adhd .
i 've been on every type of anxiety and depression med going started with lexapro then sertraline then brintellix now effexor i 'm crap with the chemical names .
you still need to treat those other things and the reality for us is that we often suffer setbacks and mental health issues because our adhd or autism or whatever other abnormal structure our brain has is not recognised and we have to overcompensate just to keep up with people who function in a society adapted to them .
i work as an instructional designer on civil engineering programmes and i see the modules these kids do .
massive props for getting through your degree that 's amazing .
please ensure you are posting an unpopular opinion and not an extremely typical redditor opinion .
if your opinion is the same or similar to ones on this list https www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/wiki/index wiki_military it has been reposted daily for a few years now .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
imagine seeing that at 3:00 am crawling under your bed 😬
it 's a really fine non-toxic dust that dries them up .
though it 's a very fine dust so do n't breath it in when applying as it can make you cough or make your eyes water .
ok gang let 's pick a random game to overhype ourselves on by speculating that it will be in this state of play and then get mad when our wild expectation isnt met
it 's amazing how many fruit plants like this grow perfectly fine in nearly full shade .
most info you 'll find say that strawberries blueberries etc need full sun but they do n't really .
they might produce a bit better in full sun but you 'll still get an acceptable crop in part shade or even full shade .
for strawberries i figured this out on my own many years ago when i noticed that a neglected strawberry patch in overgrown weeds had more strawberries than my new patch in full sun .
the reason was that the ones in full sun were more visible to birds and chipmunks so they would eat them .
the ones in the shade were less visible so i got a bigger crop from them .
until i saw your age i thought maybe you were eight or nine years old .
excuse you ethan does n't hate the gays ! ! !
thanks for the tip i might give them a ring .
this one is bloated google how they look like when they are alive
if you make a 100k a year making million pump your tax rate that does n't devalued your time .
it does n't devalue your time at any tax bracket to make more money .
that speficiity really cleared up the prior issues i was having with the plain elm '' id .
that subtype really does have a few noticeable differences from the more common landscape elms that were coming up in searches .
double checked a few things and you are spot on !
it was long time ago and guy on left is freak fighter from poland
the pictures on fox were shown to be pictures from riots in other countries
never forget those fiery yet peaceful protests ' https s1.qwant.com/thumbr/700x0/1/1/9227da40568631146d6b4269b2433cfe26fdd6b510871e4f61310418274ab7/fiery-1200x630.jpg ? u=https 3a 2f 2fconservativefiringline.com 2fwp-content 2fuploads 2f2020 2f08 2ffiery-1200x630.jpg q=0 b=1 p=0 a=0
you can describe clan association if it is meaningful in your milieu .
when people looked at the man they knew he was from the north and little more .
he had the fair skin and pinched nose of the macdougalls but his head was almost blocky enough to be a kennedy .
with his stocky build though they would tend to assume he was here as a bodyguard or taking in the lack of armor possibly a journeyman smith seeking entry to the guild .
but then he opened his mouth and all those impressions were ground away under the clear diction of a london-educated noble .
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out qualifies you for contests .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty sure that 's what 's going on right now in gov ... you watch the news fam ?
i would go with osex the setup is too complicated for me .
i 'll stick with flowergirls it does the basics well enough .
amorous adventures also gives a lot of quests including one with mjoll where you get rid of that annoying guy .
i do n't know but ho likes to think we need a new ranch feature every week ... 3
guy must 've had sound off or his brain was off .
i do n't have enough hit dice to ever fail but i 'd give in anyway .
also to add if it helps it will almost certainly be english .
you are the best thing that has happened to meeeee yey .
posting to this subreddit means you are agreeing that everyone involved with this rp including characters will be 18 .
you are also agreeing to have read and understood the rules and will have no excuse for rule breaking .
just a reminder you can always find our list of rules by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/dirtykikroleplay/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtykikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
are you going to read it and address it or nah ?
the coverage you are watching is very biased if you think none of this was shown in court .
also he is not going to win this trial .
most of her accusations were not even public until he decided to have this circus his libel case rests on an article where she does n't even mention him by name .
kava is an herbal supplement that helps with anxiety and whatnot it is not an antibiotic and should not be taken to cure or prevent utis .
if she has chronic utis she needs to go see a doctor and find out why
well considering that i fit inside of the tp roll and just reach the other end of it it helps me also know just how much bigger you are compared to me !
i have friends struggling in rental accommodation so i 'd just gift them the cash to buy their own place .
this is probably not uncommon in flats in cities and towns but i have never experienced this in a semi detached house or terraced house .
they must have been groaning pretty loudly or the house had crappy soundproofing lol
i 've never done this before but i 'd definitely be interested to try .
anna haining bates from canada not anna bates from downton abbey
would 3 apex predators risk a fight over a decaying corpse with barely any meat left ?
unless it 's to unlock a 12 set bonus and even then that 's rough .
i often do n't know if i am going to like them so i will often take a chance with them so if i do n't like them i can sell them when the price is right .
hey grandma russians also believe they 're being invaded by ukraine .
in my experience cloud gaming is fine sometimes but never as good as playing installed on my xsx regardless this is beside the point
there is a book called son of a grifter '' ... might give you some ideas ...
i 'm in a similar position numbers different and i let hmrc take care of it .
i submit a self-assessment every year and just pay my taxes in january/july .
for you it 'll make sense to remain a sole trader i.e .
you just do a self-assessment and do n't go beyond that with regards to setting up a company etc .
i 'm not sure about splitting personal allowance and did n't know it 'was a thing ' .. will have to leave that to somebody else to answer .
side note when you reach year two of trading/working self-assessed be wary that your tax bill will be higher than it was in the first year in most cases .
you start making forward payments so be ready for that .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
are pro-lifers also grandstanding jackasses or is saving the lives of children only grandstanding when you 're trying to save them from guns instead of coat hangers ?
i fondly remember the days when the internet was n't full of trash .
nowadays anyone who can manage to string a coherent sentence together can share their nonsense online and have followers .
true you could get more of those beforehand i think my memory serves me right .
however they changed it at one patch and i hate it .
my brother in christ i do n't need to read some reddit comment to be educated on the russia-ukraine issue .
i neither have the interest nor time to read your little essay as genuine and eloquent as it may be
so do n't buff everything because then pvp is too fast .
but everyone uses this so it 's the same thing minus the variety .
she may have raised you but unless she accepts and loves you unconditionally then she is not your family because that is how you measure family not by blood .
it 's good that you 're moving out though even if it 's not right away .
you 'll be able to have a space that is completely safe from whoever and whatever you want it to be safe from .
but just know that the worst part of coming out is the actual act of coming out .
after that point no matter what they throw at you as long as you are living proudly as your authentic self you are untouchable and living proudly becomes easier with every day .
you will meet many people who will love and accept you for who you are and in time your chosen family will reveal itself if it has n't already and one day you may even get to the point that your visibility comforts and gives confidence to a young person who is in the position you are in now .
i hope you can find your path through this towards peace and happiness !
its not a skill because the card itself doesnt need to do anything for it to take effect and with jhin in the game now making it a skill would be a balancing concern as it can proc too many triggers too safely .
i walked bob dylan up on stage in 1975. who the hell are you ?
i had fever body aches fatigue and it took me about 2 weeks to come back
something getting developed does not automatically mean it impacts the development of other content .
for example they mighgve only worked on gim when they were free from other projects .
i 'm honestly confused as to who 's side time is on .
alot of people seem to say time is on ukraine 's side '' but i do n't think that 's true .
sanctions do n't seem to be affecting russia all that much whereas the cost of living is already reaching crisis levels in europe .
that causes alot of public support for aid to wane and we are already seeing that happening in france italy and germany .
honestly the us needs to do some interventionism and take over and restart some of the shale fields in north dakota
yes us spends the most on perscriptions i looked at usage that i could n't actually find .
us people are generally some of the most unhealthy people in non-shithole '' countries .
so it is n't a big leap of faith there .
i heard that biometric appointment is too difficult these days and therefore if you have options to make it in the first appointment please go for it .
and i have more which outfits are you missing ?
socialism is when something is bad for my dying empire 's image
as a dyslexic feel lucky i even spelled most of it correctly lol
your submission has been successfully posted in r/hairywomenaresexy ! !
listing of hairy reddit babes with thumbnails uhairy.com https uhairy.com/hairy-babes ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=reddit-submission
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hairywomenaresexy if you have any questions or concerns .
secondary issue with that serum is the calf still has to be killed for harvest .
in 2006 and 2007 i was expecting him to be dead soon .
how can he be a she if she has a dick ? ''
i 'm definitely of the opinion that anything can be funny given the right presentation .
calm down dude it is only a kid doing a video for attention in the internet .
oh no i 'm leaving my last day is today !
i meant they asked me to do the two weeks when i was hoping for 1 day notice lol
i mean that you 're not going to get banned for choosing the wrong category in zendesk ... the ones i said are the most appropriate i do n't know what else you 'd like me to say .
in case it 's not appropriate you 'll be redirected .
republicans have a playbook theh use over and over .
claim they 'll compromise let 's work out a solution hammer on tv nothing can be done .
2 weeks later the public is exhausted moves on .
if you ca n't get insurance you ca n't get financing .
i 've heard a lot of good things about pandabuy might try them out in the future .
you can make reddit into reveddit in the url and it should show up .
you have to know the link to the original thread though .
i 'm curious where you 've seen a 300 page design document .
i 've only worked on single big tech company but have never seen one .
what i 've seen is information spread over tens of incomplete documents internal wikis on someone 's email etc .
i just commented on it but i think he might be calling her mackrel as in french pimp and by extension a prostit*te
actually having restricted rights but being accepted and loved within those constraints is likely better than hitting intolerance everywhere you exist .
i would love odyssey but we already got space groove for any space thematic i guess
love firmino but he 's not someone you sub on when you desperately need a goal .
and once that 's comfortable hollow hold on your side crunches .
it looks like you may have been trying to post a question with a title that includes a variation of does anyone else '' we currently have a blanket ban on these types of titles due to the sheer number that get posted here .
this does n't mean you question is n't welcome just that we ask you put a little more effort in formulating a title .
if you have any questions at all please do n't hesitate to reach out to us by navigating to the sidebar and clicking message the mods '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tooafraidtoask if you have any questions or concerns .
johnny also loved his mother and brought her to live across the street from him nearer the end of her life but she abused him .
i am close to my abusive father after working out how to maintain my boundaries with him and a lot of my boyfriends have liked him he is charming .
a lot of people maintain relationships with their abusive family members that does n't mean they were n't abused .
i tried a sample of the sunshine and i liked it so that 's why i bought a big bag .
but i have n't tried the white bron o yet
you can remove the button assembly but the wheel would stil leave the holes in the back where the pedals should be
you cant eat icecream all day long you get sick of it eventually .
mine was with a laptop on my couch at 4 in the morning .
why are you reading what you want to read ?
long covid is n't a disease you can catch long covid is a condition that develops after covid where you remain with persistent symptoms or sometimes with even worse like mental fog memory loss etc .
it 's something to be concerned about and means that covid is not as easy to just get rid of '' as a lot of people are so eager to see .
once you graduate i know this from checking comments you could have a career .
take out jonatan mike will i do n't care ... . just do n't kill steve .
do n't really know why he is copping all the blame though not like the other forwards did better and courtois was incredible .
the thing about mhy is that not only their games have high initial production value but they also never miss with their updates .
to compete against genshin is to compete against a highly polished game years worth of dlcs .
not many game studio can afford to keep up with all that they either lack ambition or money .
hi3 is still going strong with each update being a banger adding more and more game mode each can be made into a stand alone game .
as an engineer i am shocked at how stable yet frequent genshin releases are .
consistently coming out with new content in a 3-d online game every 6 weeks with as far as i could tell little to no bugs is a heroic feat .
sometimes you 've got to list lots of stuff and end up making the whole board up and extra fine tip is easier to read .
i use goodnotes and an apple pencil on my ipad for note taking .
i made a sticker for journal entries and balance sheet templates for use in note taking .
i use the feature to snap to shape fairly often .
that said onenote is free and syncs with the windows desktop app if you use a pc too .
just remember to pace yourself so your body has enough time to process everything and you 'll be all set for a good night !
may i ask where in europe you 're currently visiting ?
if you are new to this sub or visiting from r/all please take a moment to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/cozyplaces/wiki/index wiki_1.2_constructive_criticism_vs._insulting before commenting .
we do our very best to encourage a wholesome and friendly environment here .
this sub is largely original content where people are sharing their homes for our enjoyment .
rude behaviour and being a jerk will not be tolerated .
thank you for understanding and have a cozy day !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cozyplaces if you have any questions or concerns .
yo i totally get what you 're saying but i did n't like that i 'm not sorry . ''
when you said safer i was referring to my own experiences of being assaulted or abused .
as hot as trans people are we do n't erase the fact that cis people violated me and argued that it was okay to do so .
i 'm not trying to come down hard on you but it kinda sucks to have that casually jokey attitude in a conversation about sexual safety and consent .
all that aside i 'm happy you 've had improving and fulfilling experiences .
on this note what about a radio on the phone ?
headphones exist and i 've had a radio app on my irl phone for as long as i can remember i 'd love to jam the gta stations while on foot .
the uk did fuck the indigenous people in what is now canada and the usa .
except liverpool 's chances were never very high quality in the box with the exception of the save on salah .
madrid 's chances were all very high quality in the box .
also not trying to say courtois was n't the reason they won because he absolutely was
welp i do n't know any of these games except for mario kart which might be similar to crash team racing ps1 game not sure if it was ported to psp but psp has in-build ps1 emulator but now getting ps1 games to psp is a bit tricky but bout that later and crash tag team racing
both are racing games in universum with one of sony mascots so they might be similar to mario karts in that way
but buddy if games you were talking bout are accesible on consols older than psp like gba for example then i have good news for you you can install custom firmware on your psp and then just instal emulators to play those games on psp if you want
installing cfw/modding psp is quite common thing cause it let 's you use full potential of that console cause without cfw it lacks acces to plugins emulator except for ps1 and homebrew and also to games that are hard to get on umds
and now as i said earlier how you get ps1 game to psp ?
earlier there were 3 ways of it but recent ps3 update made 1 impossible so 2 remainning are
use pc to transfer games bought on ps store to psp it is considering that you bought game side note i have n't tried it but some people say this still works
get ps1 rom then convert it to psp game using psx2psp and transfer it from pc to psp is it piracy ?
sort of but this kind is morally accepted and also complete legal if you already bought the game from what i heard but even if you did n't then there is nothing to worry about as nobody will check it but remember that sharing links to such sites/games is n't legal not quite sure bout this one as i 'm not good with law and can get you banned on this subreddit
oh yeah and also cars2 might be similar to maria karts in way that you can use variety of pick up weapons but gameplay is different
i liked hereditary a lot but it comes nowhere close to turn off brutal like some of the other suggestions
hello u/cumbend3r your submission has been removed in order to combat spam posts from new or low karma accounts .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to submit here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose account age limits .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pornhubcomments if you have any questions or concerns .
it will get better and you will bond with your baby ! ''
if your period pains are worse than they are for normal people you might have a condition called endometriosis .
the reason i 'm posting this is cause my wife has had it her whole life but did n't know that it was even a thing until age 38 she just powered through .
but if you know you have it there are treatments that can make it less painful .
look it up and if the symptoms sound familiar you might be able to make it less bad
i 'm going to see if shader cache size and maybe max settings in game will help give me a more consistent experience .
i had already done a manual page file and turned the graphics up to high based on others recommendations .
currently average 60-90fps but the cities and other areas give me a huge hit down to 20 and sometimes teens briefly but still ...
this is weird because when i studied abroad we were taught that cars have the right of way .
maybe that was their way of scaring americans into being careful .
compared to real 's 2 chances liverpool 's was actually pathetic ... just good shots from not so good positions .
flip that shit like nobody got brutally murdered there .
aside from the main sitting room with random 5 windows to me it looks like it 's missing a floor it does n't flow like a mezziene i 've no idea how to spell that word autocorrect is n't helping 😅 should .
maverick tries really really really hard to be as much like the original it 's kind of nutty .
most sequels will have a couple of casually tossed in references for fan service but this .
to a lot of stuff from the original star wars .
you 'll know it when you see it and there 's quite a bit and you 'll laugh your ass off when you probably should n't be laughing .
i think it only happens when you stand to close to the bell .
ooooouuu the delivery and condescending attitude he has is so funky .
not sure what crash you 're getting but i do n't get reports of that very often
yeah i flew across the u.s. from miami to seattle three tries finally landed the thing in cockpit view .
strange colored lines on the touchscreen of a ds or ds lite
your flair will update once your partner replies to your comment .
u/incognitovito0 please reply to the above comment with your feedback only after your transaction is complete and both sides have received their end of the transaction .
once you reply you will both get credit and your flair scores will increase .
u/incognitovito0 if you did not complete a transaction with this person please do not reply to their comment as this will confirm the transaction .
instead please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/giftcardexchange subject=incorrectly 20tagged 20confirmation message=u 2fvenntenn 20incorrectly 20tagged 20me 20in 20this 20comment 3a 20https 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fcomments 2fuyfwv6 2f 2fiacz8tp so we can contact the user and handle the situation .
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out qualifies you for contests .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
most will never make the first move unless the dude catching their eyes is super attractive .
salah has no ability to beat a man anymore but still a threat 7
mane worked hard but crowded out in the middle 7
diaz ran his socks off but no end product 7
howard hamlin used to also be zack kelly slater and skeech 's college professor during their college years '' .
bro ... are u serious that u are annoyed by losing a normal game ?
let them have fun do the challenges and shit .
how magical of the gender bending genre to define any rules or story structuring elements needed for a certain genre to be that genre .
because it so special that conventional methods for categorizing a story dosent apply to the gender bender genre '' and that 's how gender bender works '' .
... lol sure dude its your right to be wrong w/e
lash slick was my hg mascara for a long time but maybeline sky high quickly replaced it during quarantine when i could n't justify paying glossier prices anymore .
probably because natural immunity is not as effective as the vaccines are .
people who 'rely on their own immune system ' tend to die of covid much more especially after controlling and comparing similar ages and health history .
edit poster responded you have no clue what you are talking about '' then deleted their posts so they are n't held accountable on the record .
if you think i 'm wrong then just show the evidence !
edit the user who deleted their comments has most likely blocked me .
it 's possible that they have blocked u/nords as well in attempts to censor them .
i 'm not 100 sure of how that feature on reddit works .
i have no problem being held accountable to what i say .
i have edited my comment with this exchange in the interests of transparency .
i encourage posting evidence that supports a contrary opinion .
a database with 3 tables one for the facts one for tags '' and one that ties those 2 together with a many to many relationship .
so for example if you have a fact that black is the oldest color '' you could have tags associated with it for say black '' history '' color '' .
and each of those tags could also be tied to any other applicable fact .
an api that connects to the database and gets a random fact that it 's tied to the specified word and sends it to the ui
a ui that connects to the api where the user can type in the word and then see the fact
if you 're a team set holder you should check in the gsw team discord channel .
they show unbelievable amount of will power and get lucky everytime
the family quietly withdrew the lawsuit instead of pursuing it .
i did n't have to pay my lawyer in the end i had only done a quick pro bono consultation .
the school tried not to mention it again so i brought it up myself in the exit interview and showed how they did n't support me in it at all .
i had to defend myself because the school had initially sided with the parents and asked me to pay to settle the suit .
big tech scary bad witchcraft must run from big tech !
the difference between people who are in relationships and those who do n't js that the people who are in relationships do n't care so much about them .
i love the show mind you but sometimes it does feel like they rush decisions for things
yes it 's entitled for us to want to care for our hair and skin without spending thousands of dollars .
you know we ca n't just use soap and basically nothing else like white folks can choose to right ?
our hair breaks off without appropriate moisturizing products/oils and our skin gets dried out and infected without proper moisture .
appropriate products for african skin and hair are expensive in the us and in some communities we ca n't even buy the things we need .
so yes if i find affordable appropriate products i stock up .
instead of saying blacks folks trying to afford hygiene products are selfish how about you do something to make more affordable products available ?
let 's shift the focus to those police cowards .
everyone who wrote off real after fucking the odds twice to reach the final in shambles .
mouthwatering perfect 👅 💦 😜 👿 no such thing as a married woman ! ! !
as a 6'4 '' dude it always surprises me when i see celebs or something else that gives away their 'stature ' for the most part they are always far smaller than i thought .
it is true that the camera adds 20pounds but also 4 '' it seems .
look at him in these movie tall and strong he mostly dwarves those around him except in rl he 'd look small next to me .
also they do use boxes liberally especially when it comes to the close ups of the man and woman looking into each others eyes .
if the camera zoomed in that close to us it be her staring up at my nipples not wistfully into my eyes .
my heart bleeds for man city not being able to sign a player that does n't exist
hello i 'm a relatively tall guy at 6 ' 3 but i weigh about 150 .
i was thinking of pushing it a bit and getting something with around 600cc as my first bike .
i like to go fast of course within reason .
my family is mega against it but my heart is set on it .
im comfortable with the idea of of shifting gears and will never ride w/o proper gear .
if so or if not any suggestions on a good starter ?
the obey me wiki has a new page boss battle stats !
anyone looking to catch up on lessons can find out boss stage 's strength stats special skills and sin color boosts for all levels !
how do y'all feel about the way society talks about and treats bigger dicks ?
my first love he did me well the highs were high but oh we 're the lows low .
i was prepared i did n't plan to leave him ... it just happened .
he was respectful and understood but oh was he sad .
i feel so hurt hurting and leaving someone i loved and still do .
for awhile i 've felt lost in life my independence felt lost i was n't feeling happy i 've been trying to fix it for months i often would try and get him to change instead of embracing his flaws i know i was n't good for him .
before i left him all i could think about was the bad but now that he 's gone i can only think of the good .
i feel so lost i 'm scared i made the wrong decision .
i have the bypass learned to one of the stomp switches and every time i press it just turns and keeps the effect on .
o it appears to be restricted to absolute mode only so i 'm not able to use the toggle option .
the expression pedals work fine however i really do n't want to use those for toggling effects .
the midi commands from the 1010 look like midi chan 1 pc 50 '' .
using reapack i found a script called toggle fx bypass by name '' .
ran the create action '' script and entered the track name and fx name in the prompt .
ca n't find any pork rinds in my area .
ca n't i just bake whatever meat i find into thin pieces till its completely dry ?
trying to make some chicken nuggets so i need the breading .
later i would like to try making some carnivore loaf .
so i 've been playing some story 's and a lot of them made me feel frustrated about gem choices and the way the author puts them
the most recent one is the dating game '' .
i loved the art and the whole vibe but i did n't even finished the first chapter yet found at least 3 gem choices .
it says that is extra content and will not affect the plot but for me it feels like i 'm playing episodes original stories that made me feel bad about not having enough gems for the experience
and i 'm not judging or shaming the author bc i know that episode as a platform does n't recognize or appreciate the talents that they have forces to put a lot of gem choices just so people can find the story on the app but is n't it easier to explain first or like really create an extra content a bonus scene and please at the end of the chapter ?
if i can support you author with gems i will it does n't make a difference for me if it will help someone that i enjoy reading their stories .
but rn in most of the new ones i 'm reading i feel forced .
and the only thing that it causes is make me drop the chapter to found another one
edit 1 just read the the faq by the author on the story i mentioned and i get it makes more sense .
unless we can some how get a jimmy butler in the late first or jokic in the second .
we have no picks and no good trade pieces out side of gobert and mitchell .
so it 's exam season and i just realise that it 's at this time that i actually sit down and understand what the hell 's been going on for the past three months .
and then i 'm like damn this shi is actually interesting i wish i 'd had this attention span during classes i would have gotten the whole dose of knowledge from the lecturer and even asked questions that i 'm interested to know the answers of !
i got a treasure map in rdo and i went to the internet to search up the location and when i go to the exact location the treasure is n't there .
not just no treasure in the box but no box in the first place .
i 'm kinda starting to understand where geoff is coming from with the comfort of just wearing swimshorts all the time .
i 'm not sure if i 'll stick with it when i get home ...
also you can use the site search to find any coupons you want .
it 's a long story that i have for you guys but if you guys do n't have the patience that 's okay and whoever reads it all the way i appreciate it thank you .
when i was in primary school 8 years old i have been bullied for my skin colour .
i hear comments like you 're so dark you 're face colour is like my shit colour .
it came from all races honestly not trying to point that out but just generally saying .
i was also the only indian in the class hence i became the easiest target of all .
i was n't one of the brightest or smartest kids another reason to bully me .
on top of that relatives my family members tend to say this line to me you have become so dark ugly let me buy you soap from india you would look fair pretty .
hence the bullying continued and i was just losing my mind .
i became suicidal i did n't really planned one and i had no courage to do it .
but i did wrote a suicide note to every one of my family members .
and what they did was gave me a f*cking plate of briyani .
i love my family but i do n't think they should have done that .
they did n't take any amount of their time to consider why i would have done that .
i was just 8 years old back then which 8 year old would want to write a suicide note to their family ?
however i 've opened up to my family on how i 've really felt and they were really positive it took a really long time but it 's better now .
but i just feel like being compared to my own insecurities has really fucked me up .
i have this guy best friend i love him but he does n't love me back .
he knows and we have talked about it before .
after some time he left me and i was hurt for 1-2 years .
but i called him 1 day and ever since then we have been friends .
tbh i feel like we are in a very vicious toxic cycle where he 's unable to get over his ex and he ca n't fall in love and me just hopelessly falling in love with him .
he always feels shitty about how he makes me feel and is always sorry for it but it hurts you know ?
and there was this one time i asked him if we would ever work out i would say that the way i lashed at him was n't right but i did and he said no ... .
i 'm still friends with him i know i 'm wrong but you know i really love him and care for him .
he has girls after him and his exes are way prettier than me i 'll never be in his standards .
and it hurts me i 'm trying everything i can but it hurts .
i need help i know but tbh at this point i feel like my friends gave up on me and idk what to do ... .
our client recently launched an affiliate program and suddenly a lot of their backlinks got automatically tagged up so they now go via skimresources.com or awin1.com before redirecting to their site .
google states that there is no pagerank dilution through redirects however the general consensus in our team is that these links are now useless in terms of seo equity
after deciding on the ace of spades someone tell me how to get sunshot i now want to know if my sword black talon is better than my other sword quickfang .
i wo n't pester you afterward unless i have one more question .
any way to get a referral reward if i 'm outside the us now ?
this way it another i enjoy it a lot to talk about your girl and might even share a bit about mine
i just found out we are having a girl today !
now the hard part begins because we had a boy name picked out but having issues with a girl name .
i really love the name ottilie but everyone hates it so we wo n't be using that .
not sure if i love guinevere adelaide marguerite matilda esme clementine .
i feel like i have a style of names but i do n't know what is the name .
i have my second attempt at my drivers test exactly one week from now i was so hard on myself for failing the first time and if anyone could pray against stress and for me to keep a level head through my test that is greatly appreciated god bless and have a good day .
i think it started after updating to latest os .
i am a sex worker looking to register with the chamber of commerce but i have some doubts .
i 'm a bit apprehensive about this because of the public register where names and address are fully visible .
i heard it 's possible to use a business name and a foreign address ?
what about when it comes time for me to open a business bank account .
if a customer pays me with a bank transfer how can i hide my real name so it 's not visible on their account ?
and if i use a different address and name what does this do towards the belastingdienst ?
it 's 99 guaranteed it 's gon na work for you .
okay so you want to have all the upgraded messages features but you 're tired of instander not getting anymore updates ?
1 start by going to the official instagram app .
2 video call a friend or a secondary account of yours it does n't matter but the person needs to answer the call .
3 once you 're on a call go to multimedia content at the bottom .
4 go to the fourth window from the left at the bottom and click on it then a prompt will appear asking you if you want to upgrade your messages .
wait about 5 seconds for the content to load then end the call .
this process can take up to 2 hours before this works but i guarantee you it will work .
do n't forget to use the official instagram app tho .
6 once the upgraded messages are activated for you feel free to come back to this post and comment it worked ! ''
i 'm planning on getting braces in about a month !
i was wondering how much you guys had to put for a down payment and what your monthly bill was for your braces ?
obviously that 's if you did n't pay in full .
i do n't have any follicles on my ovaries from my ultrasound last month .
for the past 5 days i 've had dark positive tests and 1 extremely positive test in cd 23 but none of my ovulation symptoms and the surge only lasted maybe 2 hours .
at this point i just want to scream i hate pcos so much .
even if my ovaries are clear and my hormones are balanced my body still fails me .
add me in-game i can give lessons on vladimir for players of any tier up to masters .
i know sas is n't everything and i 'll enjoy playing ones with lower sas as well ... but wondering if any of these three have anything in them that have promise .
they are all from aoa which i know is the worse expansion but a display box of these was much cheaper 41 shipped and i figured it was an okay starting point .
number 2 here is my fav ... seems like a lot of fun creature control to be had in it ... .
the three highest sas ones in my 12 decks actually i 've only opened 10 so far saving two for a sealed-deck game i 'm playing as my first soon sas for these ones are 71 70 and 70
any possible insights from more experienced players on how to strategize and think about these decks and what may synergize well in them ?
i 've got a ps vita and i love using it for trophy hunting .
it 's an awesome device and i only intend on playing vita games i 've purchased from the store or physically .
apparently the vita is also a great emulation device and i 'd like to try it out i have a collection of ps1 ps2 and psp games which means i can create legal backup roms .
however i do n't want to jeopardize my ability to connect to psn and earn trophies .
just hoping to hear other vita-owning trophy hunters experiences 😀
i was talking to my sister about how you can toss the cup to the washer fluid in the wash so you do n't have to rinse it before you put it back ''
in my defense i had been talking about cars right before this .
we have a three old and we are looking to make friends with other parents !
we do typical things like parks and other toddler activities .
we also enjoy hockey and baseball games and we are open to new things too !
we do n't know any other parents in the area and are trying to fix that !
install this app watch and download jurassic world fallen kingdom '' at no cost .
i 've acquired a joke that pays about 16.50 an hour including tips and i find myself constantly wanting to get at least one new thing every time i get paid .
does anyone know of monster taming games that focus on heroes or units ?
if siralim pokemon fire emblem and brave frontier were frankengamed ... it 's a dream i 've been looking for with little success .
most of these games end up being gatcha ... which i only really appreciate for the roster .
any tips or projects to follow would be gratefully appreciated !
each episode will get its own thread and we 'll go 3 eps per week with postings on sunday monday and tuesday at roughly 8pmish pacific time .
as this is a rewatch keep in mind that post and threads may contain spoilers .
the things i 've used the most during my watches are lostpedia https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/main_page the wikipedia lost episode guide here 's season 1 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lost season_1 the book series finding lost https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/finding_lost the_unofficial_guide and the podcast the storm a lost rewatch podcast https www.stormpodcast.com .
not sure if anyone else will find any of them good but they 've helped flesh out some things for me especially the book series .
also the lost explained https www.youtube.com/c/lostexplained108/playlists you tube for once you 're done is awesome if you have n't already seen it all .
i am not affiliated with any of the above stuff i 'm linking to and only appreciated them as a watcher .
it was also just noted in the comments that there was a lost official podcast https www.youtube.com/user/kuhpunkt/playlists that ran during seasons 2-6 and those as well as a lot of other lost related stuff can be found at that link .
these threads will be titled like this one so they should be easily findable for whenever you do your rewatch .
the seventeenth episode is ... in translation https en.wikipedia.org/wiki 2e 2e 2ein_translation .
here 's the lostpedia intro https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki 2e 2e 2ein_translation
'' ... in translation '' is the seventeenth episode of season 1 https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/season_1 of lost .
an arsonist torches michael https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/michael 's raft and when michael https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/michael sees that jin https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/jin 's hands are burned the conflict https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/conflict between them escalates .
meanwhile boone https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/boone begins to interfere in the growing relationship between shannon https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/shannon and sayid https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/sayid .
flashbacks in this episode are of jin 's https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/jin point-of-view of the same events focused on in house of the rising sun https lostpedia.fandom.com/wiki/house_of_the_rising_sun '' . ''
my question to you who was your favorite parent ?
reddits karma system is a joke once the bot nets focus on you for speech they dont like they just downvote everything you say .
looking to fill teams to continue the cycle for m22 .
laid back group with mostly core users over years of running the league .
this may seem like an obvious question but what 's the best thief skill for damage ?
rock rain has one less hit than phantom strike and phantom strike has worse damage modifiers than whirlwind blades so idk
a place for members of r/maxdex to chat with each other
we 've hosted multiple sleepovers but this is the first time she 'll be away from us .
ca n't say we are n't a little nervous but between loop and dexcom and only being 10 blocks away ... it 's gon na be fine .
we 're going to go see a rated r movie in a theatre !
because they 're nocturnal i have to be there at night with them so a traditional commercial space wo n't work .
i 'm trying to lease a mixed use space so i can both live with the animals and also have a store front .
i 'm having a really hard time finding a place like this .
does anyone have experience finding a space for an animal rescue and can give me some advice on how to find landlords who will accept a rescue ?
i 've been looking for months without any luck .
before my baby i have had my cats for 4 years .
she is spayed but sprays on all my baby stuff .
she is an indoor outdoor cat but she runs in when i open the door .
this has become hard on my sanity as i have to clean everything she sprays and i want my baby to be healthy .
hello everyone just wan na know the econ hl weightage m22 for each paper .
last couple of days i 've taken 8mg espranor a day but i 've run out and do n't get my script until monday .
so my question is if i take 10 x 30mg codeine which i 've got tommorow by which time it would have been 28 hours will it send me into pwd ?
i just purchased an open box razer blade 14 2021 with the 3080 8gb gpu .
i 'd like to explore other vbios with slighter higher wattage .
i 've flashed desktop nvidia gpus a lot but i 've never done a laptop .
has anyone here had success with flashing the 2021 razer blade 14 's vbios and have any suggestions for a rom file to use ?
anybody have strong opinions one way or the other on logics built in guitar amps ?
a place for members of r/memesboilollololollol to chat with each other
je suis en train d'investir un petit peu quelques centaines d'euros dans les crypto monnaies .
or à l'heure qu'il est j'habite au danemark mais j'ai l'intention de rentrer 'en france l'an prochain .
en ce qui concerne les crypto quand on quitte le danemark et qu'on n'est plus soumis au régime fiscal danois il faut déclarer ses cryptos comme si on les avait vendues et être ensuite imposé sur les plus values ou les moins values sauf qu'on n'en a pas réalisé car rien n'a été vendu et c'est donc de l'argent qui sort directement de notre poche c'est aussi le cas en france ils appellent ça l'exit taxe .
we will only know when we have seen the real thing—so good luck and do n't f*ck it up. albus dumbledore
i 'm taking a look at the troop rules and they 're just what i need for my campaign .
i just wish there was guidance on how to go from an individual monster statblock to a troop statblock .
is there any such guidance that i 'm missing ?
edit weird concept but what about troops of troops ?
largescale battles do n't necessarily involve less than 100 individuals but i feel like using troops limited to 16 medium creatures would get unwieldy for a larger scale fight .
whereas if you can scale up troops exponentially i.e. 16 256 4096 etc would work alright for mass combat .
best thing to do on a friday is to take off all of the burden including your bra and let me appreciate your curves and your wonderful skin .
i am looking for a lady that will appreciate my lust and also share the night with great conversation after the deed .
when it comes to the issue of money and wealth a disturbing trend i 've noticed among many of the christians i 've interacted with is how they disparage wealth or christians who may be wealthy while citing various scriptures as justification for being broke/poor .
although i have nothing against those who find themselves in hard times it is a disservice to the scriptures to assume that the right disposition of a christ follower is that of poverty or lack .
while jesus and the disciples were poor it does n't take away from the fact that a number of people who followed god were wealthy as a result of him blessing them .
verses like genesis 24:35 genesis 26:12-13 genesis 30:43 1 chronicles 29:28 and 2 chronicles 1:11 show god blessing people like abraham isaac jacob david and solomon to the point where they become wealthy .
while there are no verses in the bible of god promising to make everyone wealthy the point i 'm trying to drive home by showing these examples is that if wealth were an inherently bad thing then god would be giving these people bad things .
i am yet to find a verse in the bible where wealth on its own is condemned however there are many places in which the scriptures warn against loving money or putting trust in it rather than god 1 timothy 6:17-19 verses like proverbs 11:28 jeremiah 48:7 psalm 52:7 psalm 49:6 psalm 62:10 emphasize this .
i personally am of the opinion that wealth is amoral it empowers whoever holds it for good or for evil .
the same wealth that could be used in funding weapons of mass destruction capable of taking the lives of millions is also capable of funding programs and medical avenues capable of saving the lives of many .
moreover the bible has great advice and accounts which when taken to heart could help one 's finances .
for example verses like proverbs 6:6-11 ecclesiastes 11:2-5 proverbs 24:27 genesis 24:35 proverbs 21:5 emphasize the importance of hard work and saving investing and diversification setting priorities avoiding debt and diligent planning respectively .
money is to be used in taking care of yourself your family 1 timothy 5:8 helping others 1 timothy 6:18 proverbs 19:17 proverbs 22:9 james 1:27 and to help fund the spread of the gospel philippians 4:15-18 .
take a look at the world around us there are so many rich people in the world giving millions of dollars to places like planned parenthood that routinely kill thousands of babies each year .
imagine if all that money were used solely for that which is honorable ?
i accept that life happens but please do not fight for the right to be poor while using the bible as justification when it does n't support this idea .
money is not the root of all evil but the love of it 1 timothy 6:10 .
i posted several months ago link https www.reddit.com/r/antiwork/comments/sbcuk6/manager_told_me_to_stfu_in_regards_to_my_pay_rate about my internship and how i was basically stuck in my current job at a low pay rate .
halfway through the internship late february i began looking for a new job with the start date the end of my internship .
i quickly found a job in the same field with much better benefits and pay .
from working weekends to no weekends all federal holidays paid and the week of christmas off paid .
whenever the topic of pay is brought up it management it is dismissed as the reason for why employees refuse to perform at higher levels despite acknowledging they can and would for fair pay .
now today is my last day and yesterday my coworker just quit for the same job as i accepted giving a one week notice .
the employer has lost half of their case worker office in one week because pay is n't the issue '' .
he and i both made it very clear we are leaving because of pay and the refusal of the company to address it .
the funniest part is yesterday my boss asked if i had changed my mind and decided to stay .
i asked if they changed their mind on my pay .
she stated no and i said well that 's my answer too .
she told me that my leaving is making a major impact on operations '' and i told her straight up that 's not my problem because you all continue to refuse to talk to me about my pay rate so until you figure that out your operations are no longer my operations . ''
more of my coworkers are seeking new positions and standing up to management .
i advocated for myself and was told no so i left for better conditions .
do n't let the employer guilt you into staying for a low wage .
hey everyone i recently bought the game and i am enjoying it so far the only issue i 'm having is the game refuses to max out the gpu usage .
the usage percentage constantly fluctuates anywhere from 70 to 10 and never maxes out and the fps suffer as a result .
not a cpu issue either the usage percentage for that is around 50-60 .
anyone know any other fixes that i can try that are n't listed below ?
ran at a higher resolution to try and force more gpu usage
all of these steps did nothing any other ideas would be greatly appreciated
64gb 2 pack micro sd card micro sdxc tf card flash memory card up to 90mb/s for action cameras drones smartphones and tablets 64gb memory card sdxc uhs-i u3 a1 v30
i was playing canon in d followed by fur elise to practice my transitioning skill i thought why is n't there a piece ranking system ?
like from most simple to most complex including number of sharps/flats number of octaves placed in the piece average time to play perfectly amounts of pedals used number of chords and default tempo .
ode to joy would be the lowest and la campanella would be the highest .
hrvatska srlja u teološku diktaturu i nametanje religijskih dogmi putem zakona u saboru .
i 've done the final ending and have always kept the endgame never reset .
sometimes when i do the daily check-in she 's angry with me .
does this go away if you check in with her often enough ?
i have a big dog coming with me to mexico this year .
since aeromexico is not friendly with psd dog in cabin .
what is the safest suggestion to avoid bad pull over or accident in mexico ?
what is the recommend route to arrive in mexico city ?
how to avoid stolen car or car breaking in ?
since my car is having us plate is this safe to park in mexico ?
after adding a digital copy along with taxes and fees the total was 358.64 .
that 's true but russians claim to be fighting against the nazis right ?
fighting nazis being nazis is kinda ridiculous they need to know it .
buckle up it 's going to get a hell of a lot worse .
like you 're not a fucking tourist at that moment .
i did not say that you just assumed it furthermore it is usefull to learn new languages this is not ideal and i know this bud when you look deeply into this subreddit lotta posts are spanish
that way i could continue fishing and enjoying nature .
with the prices the way they are should n't be too hard now .
those defences are normally for ship or air launched missiles at a distance not shoulder fired ones relatively close .
looking at the other vow 's weapons the sword would be like a giant rotating brick .
i want a hole drilled with a smaller hole at the bottom using the dimensions shown .
what could i have done to make it more clear ?
he 's got issues that no one can solve .
oh my bad i just looted every corner and havent found any different ones so i thought its the only one judging by description of it especially
fight it would be literally the most balanced fight in the world
bruh since day one of the movies release i 've seen constant debates on if riddler knows or not .
they are a little limited in options when it comes to warm water ports .
besides what the others have said brain drain also happens when the government itself is fostering the growth of anti-intellectualism and is quashing people who are advancing the rights of the common folk .
what we need is to encourage non-xenophobic patriotism over a greater degree of nationalism '' .
i thought so but i know barely anything about the deck so i reckoned i should ask for clarification
i feel like india is relevant here since the architecture of east asia kinda overlaps with indian architecture in some cases
i 've never even played a campaign that made it to 20 .
most of them the story would be done by 17 or so .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
pinatay ng nanay ko yung kuryente namin dahil naririnig nya akong nakikipagusap sa mga kaibigan ko about how unqualified si bbm/sara for the positions theyre running for and how i fear for my life just by the thought of them winning .
sana at some point maliwanagan na mga parents and/or relatives natin
that 's just up road from me and where i bought all my liquor 😱
if you want to watch a feel-good movie that 's basically some of hollywood 's biggest starts doing drunken karaoke to classic pop hits there 's nothing quite like it .
if there 's bits of raw egg or if they 're completely overcooked is they 're ruined .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any suggestion or support of harm violence or death and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
for those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit please click here https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria .
if you want to help make this community a better place consider applying here today https www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/sskg6a/rpolitics_is_looking_for_more_moderators !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
this is a decent deal from what i have seen .
make yourselves out as the radicals and the democratic governor as the savior ?
a gay atheist college professor said if god were real my calls would be fucked and spy would dip below 400. jpow on his way back from serving 3 tours in iraq raises rates and drills the market into the center of the earth .
i got damascus when it was released and at the time the pharao chicom and striker made me want to chew nails .
i see it this way because it was all luck based .
vtols we 're hard to come by goliaths we 're frustrating as well did n't think to give the enemies my goliath .
not to me what i see is a game mode that says '' ha u wiped once u suck and now u lose '' rainmaker is too fast they 're should be a chance to come back not just ko in one push
need to swap out those vland lights for oems will fit 10x better the vland lights are oversized and meant for the old version bumper
yeah scoring right now is really fucked up on a lot of scenarios
i do n't even fully disagree with your take but that first sentence reads like such pretentiousness
would love to suck on your clit while he 's fucking you .
my friend who applied on the final day of admission deadline got accepted a while ago
while im here sitting with app under review with faculty/division ''
my questions are never hating on anybody ... i am only here to point out how society has sucked in so ingrained in women hating ... and to question and address that !
the person who would only say or use the the term man hating would be a man proud of his privilege in society that would get triggered in questioning them that he start saying man hating because he is afraid of to lose his privileges .
thank you so much for sharing these and is it ok if i take screenshots of them ?
i feel so judged sometimes when people only look at me ...
ah i see we are doing the straight up thing again
lgs owner is a close friend and a fellow ork enthusiast he gives our small group a staple 30-35 on the price
jack harlow fans were 12 when dirk retired they would n't even know him
there is gon na be that guy who is like
how shipping byron x edgar is n't okay ? 1 ! 1 ! 1 ''
i must admit you have given me a lot to think about .
but a system which makes one choice a more reasonable option than anything else or the only choice at all for some people doing that job really since it is largely a vicious cycle is an abusive one as it limits the spectrum of options in favor to itself in this case not to do anything to help them out of the situation which suggests the limit of options .
locally this is less of an overt problem than elsewhere thankfully since although there is poverty but it is a very small percentile but it is still present .
however the people that make use of the availability still make it a viable '' option and still enables a system of abuse intrinsic within this niche with human trafficking and violence not calling it domestic '' because it is not within a family unit .
there is a distinction between entertainment and the above the former is a commodification of the expression of the self one done artificially i.e .
read with artifice '' rather than fake '' has been crafted from the self within a particular space time and specific tools including performance as the tool for expression is the body while the latter literally commodifies the self .
the line slightly blurs in theatre truth be told as both require a certain immediacy which is why i find theatre a more raw expression of humanity but it is still done with training with a performance constructed for that scenario on stage .
the latter only gives the self '' in exchange for money rendering it an object to be consumed .
it is no wonder that oftentimes it leads to a certain objectification of gender for example i.e .
especially how certain views of women have been sadly normalised '' in our society ... spending time working with certain crowds make this very very glaring unfortunately phrases like what i would do to her '' or how much i would like to put my hands around insert piece of anatomy where rather common and actually considered reasonable '' .
i apologize for my exuberant language if i lost you here but i am an ex-theatre student so i tend to get lost in the use of language to express what theater is .
again i have no qualm around two consenting adults experimenting .
it 's a wringer that is by now expected and i believe to some extent even healthy albeit i would rather think responsibility would be key but not as a commodity .
dairy consumption and risks of total and site-specific cancers in chinese adults an 11-year prospective study of 0.5 million people
your first sentence seems like you are catching on .
yes driving in a car has an inherant risk to it just like sex .
you are responsible for accidents you cause in a vehicle .
you have no argument so you immediately build a strawman in the second half of your sentence .
when did i say we should n't help victims of car accidents or pregnant mothers ?
and my partner has caught me saying chuffed '' and occasionally when i 'm making dinner i 'll let a whack it in the oven '' slip .
i am not back to my pre-pregnancy self but i can appreciate that i eat like a tank and am not a whale .
so yes this is a lie but only kind of .
nah not at all cuz there is more to a person than that .
how they view themselves other people/how they treat others regardless of gender or any orientation etc .
people wan na focus on just those three things and its kinda sad .
that 's going to be killer when that happens .
so many times i 'm sitting back with the baby and ca n't go play on the big screen would love to pop on some elden ring mobile .
when you jump or have to throw it around on trails you will know how it behaves .
it looked like you pushed into the landing a bit and this can be because you do n't know how the bike behaves and yeah because it 's the 6th time you 've ridden an mtb trail ... .
learn to bunny hop wheelie and manual if you 're serious about jumping .
contrary to popular belief there are tons of other ways to enjoy mtb ... you do n't have to get air or ride downhill .
keep that in mind as you navigate your new sport .
you have to roll into arch too make sure your release calves can you feel it in ankle ?
you can scrape your foot calf with a spoon a roller pin great for calves too
living as a catholic when you do n't know any other catholics is hard
i have n't had to do that but i can appreciate how stressful it can be .
if i were you i would n't come out '' so much as i would just start living my faith without hiding it
you should approach your local parish priest after mass one day and let him know .
he will be able to help you with your conversion you need to get baptised and do your first confession and first holy communion
i have 2 from lime scooters and they 've worked great over the past year or two so far and were like half the price of new
well even this chaotic state is still way better than the way i was before so i 'm already very happy .
especially since my depression was pretty much all chemical and it felt like i was free of it basically two hours after taking the first pill .
a megvan '' annyit jelent hogy vannak szaudi érdekeltségeik de azért nagyrészt az ottani olaj továbbra is szaudi érdekeltségekben van köztük számos olyan milliárdossal akik terroristákat támogatnak .
from what i remember the moon 's gravity is about 1/6th of earth 's .
compare that little ascent module with the saturn v needed to escape earth 's surface .
those are n't mosquito bites they are definitely developed boobs maybe adding rectal progesterone might help even them out or going into tanner 3 or 4 but since you are also kinda thinner you cant really expect getting to k cup or more
he was previously bluetooth connected to it before when it was connected to internet once that connection is made even if the echo is disconnected from the internet it will still work via blue tooth .
i think it 's hard to tell but it 's probably legit on balance .
what you ca n't deny is that the world is unfolding according to the protocols .
i do n't notice it until i 'm doing it .
my husband only has seen when i had a baby .
but i typically also do it if i 'm extremely nervous at the dentist or upset or in pain .
their attack is already devastating and really does n't need any buffs .
they need some hp/armor to even make it to melee combat and survive knight charges .
also one of their advantages right now is that they do n't need any special upgrades .
maa are great but when you hit castle age you need 3 barracks upgrades along with the blacksmith techs that everybody needs to reach maximum efficiency .
anyone here playing the newly released echoes of mana ?
it 's a fantasy action rpg gacha and features characters from the secret of mana/seiken densetsu series .
i loved those games as a kid and so far i 'm enjoying this one as well
i 'd compare the game maybe to an updated feh .
the combat is n't round based though which i much prefer
oder die gesundheit von leuten in not riskiert und sich dabei noch den pensi lutschen lassen weil man so geil ist .
his form has dropped off a cliff since he got torn to bits against liverpool earlier in the season arteta does n't even bring him on anymore .
i think he badly needs a year of playing consistently elsewhere giving him games in cups especially against good opposition in the cl is not enough .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
can always email the minister gentleman act.gov.au his staff should kick it along
1 i may have to postpone further school after this semester or autumn semester
2 i 'm in community college and have another two years before i can transfer to a university
it seems to be a theme in life or at least in my life that people are afraid of sad topics and interrupt to give weird advice .
thanks for being here to you and everyone in this sub .
see this is why i do n't prejudge people and that 's why i am patient with them because you never know what everyone is going through .
people assuming that everyone 's normal and should 've acted just as they would 've done is just wrong .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=777376363636363636 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
this is the next step from r/raisedbynarcissists and is for folks who already have the necessary boundaries in place with their abusers but are still dealing with other common acon issues such as trauma etc .
if you are still actively engaging in abusive dynamics with your abusers please post in r/raisedbynarcissists or one of the other network subs not this one .
the admins also recognize that folks in this group do not need to be no contact with their abusers to be in this group .
some people manage to have the needed boundaries with abusers within a low contact or structured contact structure and we recognize that .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lifeafternarcissism if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's a combination of showing her high and wide hairline while also covering her eyes which are probably her best feature .
oh my gosh how is this heart melting creature even a rabbit !
traveling across state lines to get an abortion is n't illegal nor would it be in op 's scenario .
you would n't ask if somebody needed to consume some greenery in colorado greenery which is illegal in utah would you take them there ? ''
there 's a niche of straight men who paint nails picking black .
to download the video you can use the following site
add this video download facility to your subreddit https downvids.businesstipz.com/code.html copy the automoderator script here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/schoolgirlsxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's no reason that the illuminati would lie they 're not trying to trick anyone .
your comments on mordo make an already convoluted story even more so it 's like digging a bigger hole to bury yourself in just makes things worse .
he knows about the incursion because the illuminati clearly studies the multiverse they labeled different universes and called mcu strange 's universe 616 and there 's 838 .
we even have christine explaining all that to us so they would n't just blindly accept that strange is the greatest threat .
so they 're not just talking shit and if they were then it 's a waste of a plot point and that just makes the story even worse than what i expressed .
do we think that gretchen is blackmailing shelby by threatening martha with the allegations of perjury ?
because that was a plot point in season 1 and it has n't been mentioned again .
it could explain why shelby was singing martha '' .
i just hope they give shelby a reason that goes beyond the fact that she does n't want to return home .
if you 're playing on mobile then i would have definitely picked up finn sword because there is plenty of time to gather more gems if tcw were to show up the next day .
feel like those covid gains are almost disappearing as fast as they came in .
damn that 's low that they charged you for replacement screws .
swampfox sells a hardware kit for 25 bucks with many different fastener options .
yessss 🥴 make this bbc your toilet pretty lil whore
creationists reformulating the same tired arguments darwin himself debunked and not even being able to tell the difference between the theory of evolution and atheism
ok but why is this person making rascist jokes ?
what does the autistic cousin stimming have to do with anything ?
trcdrp needs to be loose on djr but tras can run quite low in comparison .
does your knees hurt after your fine ass climbed out from the underworld ?
as opposed to mom 's basement which is the redditor 's natural habitat ?
just take your damn pills you can rope later if it does n't work out
convert to dazism my friends and we shall bring peace to ourselves .
most of russian players on the major got their visas so far .
dinozavrik from mg is under the biggest question because he also does n't have a passport and it takes time to make it especially right now since it 's a ww2 victory day holidays in russia .
you 're likely passing a threshold where your hand muscles are fatigued .
i ai n't trying to tell you to stop it 's your body to do with as you please but i work construction where a lot of guys develop repetitive strain injuries over time .
no your just stupid and thought that if other people thought that they would have pointed it out .
it 's 2022 dude the only people still sexist in this day and age are retards
report anyone breaking these rules or any harassing comments by using the report button .
check out our other sub bbcparadise https www.reddit.com/r/bbcparadise which motto is to satisfy your urges of watching interracial sex in action .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gilf if you have any questions or concerns .
🤣🤣🤣 yeah when i realized just how many books there were after watching tng ds9 and voy i had a bit of a shock but honestly i 'm here for all of it .
i once built a full masonry fireplace in my backyard .
where the mantle would be i had doors with racks inside for smoking brisket ribs etc .
falls du noch was für einkaufszettel suchst kann ich bring '' empfehlen .
can also totally see nene doing the same in 20 years .
trabalhei lá um ano e meio antes de começar a estudar para juntar algum dinheiro .
as propinas '' eram 250€ por semestre o caro é o seguro de saúde que é obrigatório e são 110€ por mês .
mas estive a trabalhar 20h por semana máximo legal para estudantes e isso já me dava uns 850€ por mês .
yes young spanish people are broke but it 's also a lack of imagination it seams .
there is so much to do in and around madrid .
and a lot of it can be free or very cheap .
there are some great mountains to hike bike rides etc .
going past that the game will be pretty easy even solo .
for coop you should be around 120 for still challenging bosses and good pvp experience .
it 's such a contrived made up issue to be angry about .
to be honest yes but it does not matter in the long run and play at your pace .
basically if you want to be efficient you shouldve been pushing all alts together .
the longer they stay at given tier they will accumulate a lot of bound resources and upgrading them is a lot cheaper .
so basically you wanted to have 6 chars in t2 asap and then 6 char in t3 asap before really pushing your main forward .
me for example push alts to 1370 once they accumulate 600 bound leapstones which they all have by now .
now once they sit on 1370 they accumulate great leapstones so i can push them to 1415 easier .
for example my main alt now has accumulated 900 greater leapstones .
i caught on to the lisp but never realized it 's that her teeth are like nowhere to be seen when she speaks a little like the dad i thinj
do n't worry i play on cobalt and miller too as vs .
btw this is alot of fun for me lol ...
so glad i saw this before it got taken down lol
israel is bunch of pussies istg and we ca n't do anything about it🙁
mogu da kazem za višer i matf i smer sto se tiče znanja verovatno se viser i ict ne razliku preterano po dobijenom znanju znajući mnoge prijatelje sa višera kojima sam pomagao .
što se tiče znanja na matfu ćeš preći za dve ned više nego na višeru za ceo semestar .
što se tiče praktičnog rada na matfu ga ima iz svakog računarskog predmeta al moram da priznam da ga i višer dobrim delom ima ali su manje zahtevni ono što je sigurno je da višer ostavlja puno prostora za samostalan rad i posao .
iskreno ako se dvouimis izmedju ta tri izaberi matf samo ako si spreman da mu budeš maksimalno posvećen i ako si siguran da ti ne smeta puno mate i teorije .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i wonder if the armor will stop small arms or you can shoot out infantry .
literally any window shop can get you a new one .
how tf do you hesitate on your previous job and then your current job ?
but your point was that their e-commerce move was a high selling point .
it clearly is n't but it 's the best option they have sure .
a company making a hail mary attempt to stay solvent is n't a particularly wise investment .
there is n't a method for them to revolutionze the market .
everything they could do is already being done but better by a competitor or in this case all competitors .
the supposed nft market place is n't something anyone in the gaming community or industry wants it directly cuts into game publishers profit and pointlesslesly complicates existing functions and is fundamentally exploitative as it provides no fundamental value to the consumer only additional potential cost .
if a company wants to do something similar they can just copy steams marketplace which is empirically superior to any alternative that would utilize blockchain from a corporate cost perspective .
a blockchain based marketplace which has to leverage 2nd tier modifications in order to even be usable from an efficiency and accessibility stand point is like a car company releasing a new and revolutionary square wheel design that utilizes a circular encasing to allow it to role .
it 's unecessary complexity and cost to make a system that already exists and has been near mastered .
in san francisco or la or nyc not likely .
okay it 's good that you 're on meds .
give the new dose a bit of time to settle in .
i was once told at 27 that i was young enough that i should be able to live a full life without any psychosis on the right meds .
i think what they meant was that with appropriate and timely medication i should be mostly symptom free so what i 'm taking from that is that this is n't a condition like dementia that just gets progressively worse .
it is worth mentioning that i still have breakthrough psychosis which i do n't always realise lol .
but i 'm mostly symptom free on my current med regime .
you will hopefully get there too keep working with your mental health care team and find the right balance .
beautiful sweet boy how lucky you and your family got to spend so much time and grow with him 💕
for example henry did n't commit suicide shortly after charlie died .
the books happen in fnaf universe but an alternate timeline .
i 'm not challenging you i 'm genuinely curious on where that is so i can look into it .
it 's not straight up said that it 's hurricane but fnaf6 lawsuits https freddy-fazbears-pizza.fandom.com/wiki/lawsuits ? file=lawsuit1.png confirm that it takes place in washington county utah .
it 's only logical if the continuities share the same town as well .
edit forgot this but monty calls himself hurricane hole-in-one in sb .
and it 's super common knowledge in the games that the mci happened .
as it was in the novels but a bit later .
william learned from his first experience in both timelines and second incidents were more thought through giving him just a bit more time to observe the possession .
you have 4 rares/mythics multiple good uncommons and lots of decent/good commons .
yes you had to run a few clunkers broken wings main crocodile etc .
i think you probably have unrealistic expectations about what an average brokers deck looks like now that it 's not super underdrafted .
the amazing thing to me is this ... pennsylvania does not tax retirement income at all .
i 'm sitting here as someone on the cusp of retirement texas is damned hot and getting hotter we 've gotten slammed by absolutely catastrophic hurricanes and flood and i 'm looking around at property values and taxes and climate and the historical architectural setting and scranton looks quite interesting as a place to retire .
no need to go on about showing your hitler boner to everyone on the internet .
i think the writers wanted to show that isabella 's crazy side is still there underneath her sweet exterior .
but i also do n't think it was to villainize her actually the opposite it was intended for us to sympathize with her more and so we would more deeply understand her character and what she has been through over the years with her parents .
and for us to understand the backstory of her life and why she has a crazy side to her in the first place .
they promise to pay that instead of actually paying that .
that 's not what a tariff is how are you getting up voted ? ?
bet you 've made a lot of sexy asian white latina and maybe even black women really happy with that big asian cock.😄👍
no ass worth more than the amount i 'll get paid in the settlement
maybe it 's just what i 've seen lol .
i got into ao3 from tumblr and a lot of the stuff i got recommended there was nsfw
so is going after another sleazy ass cheating guy 🤢
my use is only on phone but you can set up zones on the camera for where you want it to record and notify .
i have a camera that can turn 360 degrees and tilt up/down 45 or so .
they probably have a computer app with same functionality .
i 'm not saying that 's the majority i 'm saying that they are n't 'not about abortions '
hope you pushed those wet fingers in your ass afterwards
i have been triggered by the presence of the word late '' in your post .
if my reply does not fit the context of your post please ignore me .
a late '' period is not in itself cause for alarm !
most women are a bit irregular and even if you believe yourself to have a perfect clockwork cycle it 's normal and common to occasionally have one that does n't fit the mold .
if you believe your absent period is genuinely a sign of pregnancy take a test .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amipregnant if you have any questions or concerns .
he got ta be self aware at this point 😂😂😂ai n't no way
nice of bill gates trying to look more like his impersonator .
that is the uk market if you would pay any attention 95 outside of london those are the wages .
shireen 's death in game of thrones messed me up more than any of the others in that show .
just hearing her beg for help while her father stood there and watched .
like a lot of people have mentioned inventory sorting needs improvement .
in addition to what other people have mentioned i 'd also like a way to sort gear by monetary worth .
also i wish the world map would have a hover display for all the collectible/challenges for each area so you can see at a glance the ones you missed .
most importantly i need pookie with me always wherever i go !
just as a purely cosmetic pet thing pookie is by far the bestest most lovable pet in wonderlands !
there are still lots of optimisations to be done and it seems it 's already running much better than it used to did n't get to test that yet !
hopefully we will see one of those at their full power one day it might look something like this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jh5ylujzxws the sheer amount of lead that ship can throw in people 's general direction is ridiculous and it 's a carrier not even a battleship !
well he did also confirm that the thing 's dick and balls were also orange and rocky though i have no idea why anybody would assume any differently
here in the us we 've nationalized industries before and it worked .
then it was handed back over to the capitalists who screwed the people over for more profits .
some things are too vital for human life to be trusted to be handled by those who only seek profits .
ok but if these are n't outfits that the killers get then i 'm going to be quite upset .
they ca n't respond by thinking critically cuz they know they are wrong.. all they can do is cry downvote call u racist/bigoted.. disney can push whatever agenda they want and people can choose to support whatever they want.. people fell in love with disney for their great storywriting music etc now they got political and it turns a lot of people off lmao
fwiw there are lots of other projects in similar technologically risky positions .
this is what happens in bear markets the poor tech ends up shaking out and crashing .
i do n't think i have to repeat the same sentence as you do n't even understand what i meant nor what 's the problem in the first place .
i think that my hips do indeed sink low .
do you think a yoga mat is an allright substitute for floor mattress ?
i could also try to get a simple mattress with mustard seeds they are weirdly popular among old religious people in my country .
even faster would have been to change the message to
please come down for a free pair of tickets and popcorn !
you are n't lying or anything and basically anyone who goes to the movies will be mad when the theater tries to backtrack on your promise and it would have tied up managers almost immediately .
what software do you use to combine the photos ?
i tried using canon 's photo editing software and it ended up looking ... . spooky .
i was taking them at 155mm focal length on a cheap tripod so they could have been unaligned .
but ive never really gotten good results with this program .
my dad tried to kill me as a kid that messed me up for years and years
without a doubt i would use this train to go to south florida every single time as opposed to driving .
driving is a miserable experience in this state whether it 's i-95 i-4 or the turnpike .
you can go research it for yourself if you want but it 's true and it 's based on how different the catholic view and interpret the bible and the traditions they hold so on and so forth it 's actually really interesting to read up about
feeding magma to frogs and feeding fireflies to frogs are different in a key way the chance of a child getting their hands on magma and feeding it to a frog is astronomically lower than the chance of a child feedings frog a firefly
there is also 0 chance of a child riding a dolphin or killing a polar bear did n't stop mojang
i think he accomplished much of this during his first 10 years .
but these accomplishments were not enough and putin needed greater and greater challenges in order to feel satisfied until he had gone too far .
i 'm just showing you you 're wrong dipshit ?
put them a division or two below where they used to be and give them extremely rapid gains/losses for their first 10-20 games to get them where they should be now quickly .
and for people who have been playing normals first incorporate that mmr and skill level into the equation .
you do n't have to immediately lock them into the most toxic queue mode of all of league that 's just going to send them back away from ranked again .
it looks like you might be a new community member !
please feel free to introduce yourself in the current daily chat thread https www.reddit.com/r/tryingforababy/search ? q=flair 3adaily+general restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all where you can ask questions meet cycle buddies and vent about the highs and lows of ttc .
we also invite you to read this fantastic post from a fellow newbie https www.reddit.com/r/tryingforababy/comments/rxrhg2/the_newbies_guide_to_being_a_newbie_a_note_on about the sub and its culture and how to have a good time here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tryingforababy if you have any questions or concerns .
a dollar buys a lot more in russia than it does in germany https data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.pp.cd ? locations=ru-de
that drs zone is simply too short unless you are within 0.4-0.5s of the car ahead .
even max with his straight line speed advantage could n't overtake or even get side by side with leclerc with 0.7s gap by the time drs opened .
on top of that leclerc usually lost around 0.3s through the chicane and in the final corner before the straight part of the track where he should be dominating at least on paper which put him out of range for a drs overtake .
quick rules no unsolicited health or personal grooming advice sexual come-ons body shaming or any other incivility .
no pming our submitters and do not request more photos .
this is not a hookup sub and it 's not a place for our contributors to satisfy your sexual urge to see more of them .
quick submission rules no erect or semi-erect posts no sexual/flattering poses no monetized accounts onlyfans etc .
violations of these rules can result in your post being removed or a permanent account ban .
if you see comments in violation of these rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/normalnudes if you have any questions or concerns .
i rewatched this just last night having forgotten much of it after years .
i do n't think modern audiences can immediately appreciate how difficult and dangerous the underwater sequences would have been to put together in 1964/65 without modern comms etc .
underrated technical achievement and just kind of a crazy thing to do altogether .
also made for a perfect use of the john barry score .
is that some kinda beagle forehead i see ? !
dual shock 4 is personally my fav playstation controller and thats what id love to use if possible but extensions could def work
new ult is cool just needs to start a bit faster and go a bit further
i have i was just confused because the links did n't work for me for some reason but someone gave me a working invitation here .
dude its just '' weed there is not a single drug easier to get rid off .
you may apply using this https docs.google.com/forms/d/17u2bb0esmh590o-pihlrjebxntlkacsshgwhd9iyfo4/viewform ? edit_requested=true link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nct if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's funny when people try to argue that science does n't agree with lgbtq folks when one google search would prove them wrong .
i 'm pretty much like everyone else i 'll scroll through tiktok youtube or play ps5 or xbox .
no need to drag a thing around behind u that u always get stuck on furnished or take the edge off the corner skirting .
she could have but the speech is only a small part of these events and her commitment to change would be better demonstrated by creating it at a higher level .
i can recycle not fly reduce my meat intake and so on and that 's great she can funnel investment into insulation public transport and so on and that 's better .
i do n't think i 've celebrated a goal harder in my life he fully deserved that moment after the hell he went through last season you could see how much it meant to him .
i 'd make it two lines at the end max .
it does n't look modern and i think you could fix that by using a gradient instead of a solid color on the a .
i do n't have one and did n't buy it when it was on sale .
i agree this map pack was designed for specifically one product .
there are other map packs designed that incorporate vents+forests as well .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's like owning the same car as everyone else you wo n't stand out but if anything goes wrong it 'll be cheap and easy to fix .
but honestly if you enjoy it who cares if you 're on something unique or not .
i have this issue too what i did to fix was disable all mod then enable some then check in game if you can launch and play then enable more until you find the mod that cause the crash
just the rotors inertia will keep spinning the blades after you flip the pitch .
am not a pilot and sounds like something i would n't like to experience .
did a test over a few months and the premium petrol gave better economy in my wife 's volvo s60 .
ca n't remember the exact figures but it was enough of a gain to offset the cost .
we were comparing tesco standard and premium petrol for reference .
the improvement was probably more to do with premium petrol being e5 and standard being e10 than the increased octane rating .
generally feels less sluggish with premium fuel as well and nicer to drive .
the original owner has to sign off and ex refuses to
ruolan has the worst boss design ever convince me otherwise
stranger things got pulled from dbd to end up in a fucking far cry 6 of all games .
it 's all about the money why make meager cash with dbd 's outfits when you can sell them in your own game ?
that 's like saying ‘i went to the us to see the super bowl ' is cultural stereotyping
because you ca n't go from nice to meet you '' too hey come over to my place take your clothes off and get in my bathtub within the five minutes of each other .
i respectfully disagree and respect your thoughts and opinion on this but my belief that emotions are ours to feel and do not need to be shared i think it would be within the individual 's choice to share or not i 'm perfectly capable of both feeling and processing my emotions and also not have the need to share them when i do feel the need to share them that is what i do .
it 's my understanding that we only became a highly functioning society with control over our emotions and not allowing our emotions to control us .
if we allowed and showed our emotions each time then it would hinder social interactions more than help them .
we are a relatively new clan that is fairly active and recruiting .
level 4 clan 16-6 war and gold 2 league .
we do n't ask for much besides using your attacks in wars and doing clan games .
i went diving in key largo a couple of weeks ago .
you can hear the parrot fish biting the coral .
our community relies on its members to help it grow .
if you enjoyed this particular post please consider crossposting this content to another relevant subreddit .
crossposting content from r/asiannsfw will bring in more members who will then share more quality asian content for the whole community to enjoy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asiannsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's underrated in my opinion so it definitely deserves one too
your text post https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/comments/uqsc4f/do_kwon_back_at_it_again was removed for not having a high enough character count and therefore violating rules 2 5 .
please resubmit as a comment in the daily thread or submit a new post with at least 500 characters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
the whole situation is a damn mess but the more you look into the history the clearer it becomes .
if hamas disarmed tomorrow there would be a two or three state solution and peace .
if israel disarmed tomorrow there would be a few million less jews in the world .
israel has agreed to every single partition agreement hamas wants the region eradicated of jews .
hamas also are a bunch of feckless cowards who launch rockets into israel from schools and hospitals so they can claim israel attacks their infrastructure out of the blue .
really it 's hamas using them as human shields then crying wolf when their shit gets hit .
sure there 's some psychos in the idf they do n't manage to weed out .
maybe that 's because there 's a multitude of enemies who want israel destroyed see their short history being packed with wars israel has a small population and therefore they ca n't spare the manpower ?
they were left in allied armies in wwii as well because needs must .
the allied powers in world war 2 did some really shitty illegal shit .
stuff i 'm desperately ashamed of like britain 's role in sending millions of innocent people to be thrown in soviet gulags .
but there was still a good side and a bad side because genocide is a deciding factor on the morality of a side in war .
hamas have made their intent there clearer than hitler in mein kampf but people just act as if that 's all propaganda .
i mean it is but it 's hamas propaganda they are n't shy about their genocidal intentions .
the only place in the world i 've seen a god bless hitler '' sign is palestine where hamas has 90 support .
for some reason people would n't admit this even if the leader of hamas came out with a silly fringe and a toothbrush tashe goose-stepping and heiling .
at a certain point shitting on israel and ignoring everything their genocidal opponents do is anti-semitism .
already answered this but i 'll paraphrase again because you really do n't get it .
i said ah makes sense i would n't know that i do n't interact with nazis .
all the rest is you being an ignorant prick .
sorry sir i was talking about the 'other ' hamza ! !
i would love to be a part of this .
£1 a session at a judo dojo that offers 3 classes a week monday and friday are regular training sessions whereas tuesday are just for randori sparring
now to see if my wife is ok with this
first seen here https redd.it/t3ydid on 2022-03-01 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' upc55v '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=upc55v samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
it would be a waste due to the cross tolerance .
i personally find my own mushroom tolerance drops back to baseline within 10/11 days but i 'd recommend waiting two weeks as i 'm sure many others would to ensure your tolerance has completely dissipated and you can enjoy your valerie to it 's full potential .
we are a discussion-based subreddit dedicated to support inform and advise dog owners .
this is a carefully moderated sub intended to support inform and advise dog owners .
submissions and comments which break the rules will be removed .
review the rules here https www.reddit.com/r/dogs/wiki/index r/dogs has four goals help the public better understand dogs promote healthy responsible dog-owner relationships encourage least intrusive minimally aversive training protocols .
please be respectful of others and report antagonistic comments to mods for review .
if you 'd like to introduce yourself or discuss smaller topics please contribute to our daily bark threads pinned at the top .
if you have questions for the moderators of r/dogs you can message them here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dogs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogs if you have any questions or concerns .
your best bet are chance obs dab of ink or as a somewhat odd choice that actually could work normal lab .
lab chests drop a bunch of uniques and normal lab limits the pool by a lot because it 's so low level but poets is level 12 so it can drop .
but honestly it 's still pretty rare i 'd probably try chance orbs .
cheeks are so picky and difficult i would n't risk it .
even private well maintained pools are a serious infection risk and a year is not a long time to give cheeks to heal if they ever really feel healed
you may have already read this but just in case this is such a great resource for explaining the extent of cheek struggles .
imo it 's way better to avoid any possibility of them getting infected or irritated .
the people seem to have the party of their lifetime !
almost seemed like he was a bit afraid to touch himself .
we do n't know what had happened to him in the last 5 years .
he is hesitant to talk about details only that he had a lot more rules than the other kids in the house .
he has said he has been called by his last name for 5 years since the foster family had a kid called lucas .
that kinda messes you up to be held at arms length for so long .
what gets my blood pumping that mostly suites your request
invocation in the cathedral of dust '' from disentomb that slow grooving tempo that you are looking for
i 've seen this so many fucking times i do n't even laugh anymore .
nah franco has been accussed of sexual harassment by acting students .
if anything that would make amber look really bad .
rumours that he got upset when he heard that amber never loved him ?
yeah there 's a test tube in the trivia crack show on netflix too lmao
no problem do n't think i swear that much anyway .
if you swear too often then it does n't work as an intensifier cos everything 's the same level .
like if everything at work is urgent then nothing is .
lol this dude must not use grubhub or door dash or ubereats .
it barely covers the fees and it certainly does n't cover any tip or the time you are purchasing .
they 've been offering me a twenty dollar coupon for over a year and it 's still cheaper for me to just go pick up my food .
i mean i could see it i was having a great roll one evening at an excision show in va until i met a dude next to me bullying those around him myself included my roll suddenly switched to full on aggressive energy and i ended up letting haymakers fly .
it was a weird experience i 've never felt so euphoric and good about beating someone up lol .
felt guilty as shit afterwards until i got some good job that guy was a fucking asshole ! type compliments from those nearby that watched it all go down .
he is a lock in for dictator of the year .
if you got a couple that could play one of the lbs you could formation sub them around if you ever wanted to load the box .
i swear after the first season or two there is n't a starting lb cb ss or fs that does n't get moved around depending on the formation .
i 'll even add in a couple formations just so i can have a base personnel and a modified one .
is there a version you 've done with a collar by any chance ?
i 've brought it up a few days ago that i 'm healthy and want to go i 'm not sleeping i can visit every day etc .
so i think maybe tomorrow i can be a little stronger and say hey i want to go home on friday please .
due to the injury the best i can do is wear my airpods and hope i fall asleep to my podcasts before the batteries die haha !
harrison 's twitch streams were really nice to watch .
did he or his team pay for them is the question .
did n't look it up but all jokes aside its likely the way the sun is refracting off the water in the clouds .
do n't play tutorial or any of the smaller maps including the 31 player .
the 100 and 500 player maps though more time consuming have more remaining active players as the game progresses .
i 'm not sure why i 'm not remembering her .
do you just get the ! amulet back for her or whatever from prawn boy ?
i beat the game did all of rannis quest and ! did n't hit the blue summon sign in the elden lords area ! so i was like well fuck ... that 'll be my ng !
but i 'm trying to clear everything possible before i do that i have n't gone back to right rykard after getting fucked up by him 100 times initially just at a point where i do n't know what is still available for me after ! beating the elden lord ! .
if there 's more to this npc and i can still
ive been using a coarse book to draw in even tho it was meant for paint
those calculators account for activity so they give you your daily calorie needs to maintain your weight .
so when i say your tdee is 2,700 calories if you were to eat 2,700 calories then you would stay the same weight .
if you eat 300 above that then you are eating at 300 calorie surplus and will gain those calories as weight .
that 's why i said you want to track your weight gain/loss as the calculators apply a simple multiplier for activity you may be working out much more or less than they estimate but that 's where fine tuning comes in .
i think it 's fair to say he wo n't be invited back
until that moment comes for you just know i for one and i 'm positive many many others would happily walk beside you in public dressed like that .
i would n't be able to keep my eyes off you and a smile off my face because you look soo damn incredible .
the only thing i 'd be nervous about is asking to hold your hand and being shot down lol .
had it made online dm 'd matt and they said they were workin on one but never happened in time for the trip
jjp is iconic it really is rapper jinyoung needs to make a comeback but jus2 's music is exactly my type 😭 their ep is still in my daily rotation and all of the content from that era the vlogs magazine shoots outfits not only do jaebeom 's and yugyeom 's voices match well but they have great chemistry as dancers the focus on me choreo is still one of my favorites
i know jus2 's trademark/name has recently been transferred to jaebeom so hopefully one day we get a comeback 🧍‍♂️
i know it 's a long shot but there was a video using this song and the girl was dressed up as a cow with the fake horn headband and a cow print bra anyone got that or can point me in that direction
please keep in mind that this subreddit is not a replacement for seeing a board certified dermatologist .
this subreddit is here for informal second opinions and minor problems that you would n't go to the doctor for anyway .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dermatologyquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
then they calibrate for the scene in a pre written tv show to produce the results they 're looking for so they can edit it together to look mysterious .
everything is storyboarded and then they rehearse scenes and then ... action .
what we 're seeing are the best glitches created phenomena and purposely misinterpreted normal activity stitched together to create a money making tv show .
and please ignore the supposed astrooow-physssist he a crank doing bits for numerous bamboozles on tv .
i love mine the price tag is great and it plays like a much more expensive guitar
i 'm going to check the exclusions when i get to work but probably denied yea
it 's like you have an actual human head on your hand .
i do n't let anger out on other people im not sure what is bad about lust or gluttony and i think everyone 's a bit greedy .
' ... a little teasing ... ' teacher way overstepped .
if it was me id make an appointment with the principle about him/her .
first of all no teacher ever has any right to tell anyone who they befriend or associate with .
secondly how the f does he/her dare play down bullying ?
some sharpwin shippers are still hung up on lauren iggy floyd etc .
being bad friends because they asked max not to quit being medical director which apparently equals not supporting helen 's happiness and wanting to sabotage her relationship 🙄
as you said max is a grown man who is fully capable of saying no .
nobody has been guilt tripping him he just has a deep attachment to the hospital so ca n't truly ever seem to leave for very long .
why was he still there if he turned down interim md ?
he could 've been back in london by now .
max deciding for helen that he 's not coming back to london she 's going to come back to new york is what people should really be mad about .
but that would require being mad at max and they 'd rather find fault with everyone but him 🤷
the main thing i am thinking here is that the dwarf whites may still out compete and stress the c marina .
they have a reputation for being able to completely destroy other isopod colonies .
if you 're running three times a week that puts you a long way ahead of most of the population .
you clowns pumping despacs like they are short squeezes and do n't know the difference .
it 's logical from an na point of view because na is the only region to need it it 'd make far more sense to make them global and allowed everywhere to make it less obvious .
this means they have had one or more 5⭐seller reviews posted to r/fetishbuyerscommunity .
their username is also listed on the trusted sellers list https www.reddit.com/r/fetishbuyerscommunity/comments/kpftta/trusted_seller_list .
click here to see all fbc reviews https www.reddit.com/r/fetishbuyerscommunity/search ? q=indecentbunny restrict_sr=1 sr_nsfw=1 for indecentbunny .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pantyobsession if you have any questions or concerns .
i grew up in a tourist place so their are so many hotels and shit and i kid you not if someone is visiting the city the hotel rooms are booked as fuck .
and hotel are expensive to like 2.5k per night are you kidding me .
so yeah hotel business is something i will be looking forward to
in the future when posting bubble updates please avoid using the term 'bubble ' and instead use a 🧼 icon instead .
this will prevent sm from being able to easily search report these posts for removal .
we will be adding in proper guidelines to follow today to our rules .
thank you for your help with sharing exo news .
thumpus grounds out to first to end the inning .
your post was removed from r/sex because it is too short to be likely to foster meaningful discussion .
if you feel this action is in error you may also message the moderators to request that your post be reviewed .
if your post is really short we will hesitate to reinstate it even if you ask nicely .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
read through looks like a response to everyone 's obnoxious eren is the father '' theories and how annoying it got after it was proven wrong .
your submission has been automagically removed because the title seems to be begging/pandering/overused/unoriginal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adorableporn if you have any questions or concerns .
come on those kids deserve at least one super fun exciting birthday party !
the kids think this is cool cos they do n't know better appear quite isolated .
lille knallert skal være på cykelstien men stor må ikke jeg ville også sige at en elcykel der køre over 30km/t skal færdes på vejen .
it 's about talking up what your opponent should be then doing everything you can to crush them .
also lol at the idea that nancy pelosi is a centrist . ''
we are all feeling the hurt with the current economy and we 're not happy with the government big businesses and oil industry .
fuel prices are hosing everyone from the middle class and down .
i am really happy for you winning the voucher .
i hope you win more and get more good breaks that you need to move up .
it 's all so tiresome ... there 's no difference between labour and the conservatives anymore .
both utterly economically incompetent love to expand the size of the state raise taxes and introduce insane nanny-state laws .
a soft start will allow you to run your ac with your current setup but to much else .
depending on your battery bank size and number of solar panels you 're not going to run your ac for long .
2,500-3,000w of solar seems to be the sweet spot for running and ac off solar while also charging your batteries .
i taught i was the only one who was thinking about this .
it should be because we humans feel like we have a responsibility towards sinking people house is so fucking toxic yet they feel like if he is left alone he might sink which makes it easier for him to walk over them so generally i blame the emotion called sympathy '' .
they sympathize with him even though he 's being a jerk and just tell themselves it 's because of the leg '' .
why exactly did n't house just amputate his leg when he realized that his leg is making him miserable he might say the pain is making him a good doctor but then again he ends up saying that he works too much because he wants to get rid of the pain ...
i do n't know anyway house is still a great show
upvoted now your turn upvote my comment and my last posts please 🌖
start working on the problems now before they start damaging friendships to the point where there is no going back .
i 've lost friends over it and i wish i could go back and do things differently .
read the rest of my comments and conversation with op
i have nothing of value to add to this conversation but i do n't feel like bm should be used as shorthand for benchmark .
your post reads a little different in my head ... and i feel that i too would be quite drained if i pooped for a mile .
what should you start taking after being diagnosed with hiv-1 ?
i had issues with creep until i got ones that go damned near down to my knee .
def also have to be wicking because i am not here for swamp ass .
did n't listen to the lyrics with weight when i was younger .
had one of these pieces of shit bully his way through a red light and then just about run a bunch of people off the road getting onto the freeway .
truckers may be the lifeblood of a nation but every now and then that blood is septic .
his idea of riffing is repeating the exact same thing someone else just said right to their face as if he thought of it but changing one detail that makes it less funny .
it holds a special place in my heart as my uncle who recently passed introduced them to me and i 'll forever be grateful to him .
this was before marmite introduced their own brand pb and marmite too which is inferior to the homemade product imo .
they have some of the best imaging on the market .
you can get different pads to make them even more comfortable/widen the soundstage while retaining 95 of the stock imaging .
however they def need an amp like a jds atom .
if you are going to be working on music then they are also a great choice due to their neutrality .
it should prevent people coming in and spreading harmful speech and it 's done that .
i 'm no weather dude but that cloud seems strong .
i have forgotten several times to take online quizzes while i was still studying i remember the sick feeling that comes over you when you remember .
i know it feels like the end of the world right now and it really sucks that you lose the chance of a higher grade for this class .
i remember it would ruin my whole day when it happened to me .
but then i was always mad at myself for letting it ruin my day !
i 'm not sure if it helps you but whenever it would happen to me i would make a plan to schedule reminders for all other due dates in my phone/my email calendar/whatever .
it made me feel better that i would n't miss it again although it seems like it 's the end of the semester for you so maybe it 's not so helpful .
then i 'd try to tell myself it 's over it 's just one grade among several for the overall class and one class grade among dozens or more for my entire university career and that it would be alright .
i ended my bachelor with a 3.0 average with several c 's and even one d and still went to a nice university for my master 's and now have a great job .
the right employer or university will not just look at grades and pick the candidate with the highest gpa they look at other things as well and they can still tell you are smart and hard working even if you do n't have a 4.0 equivalent of highest possible grades whatever that happens to be in your country !
well that ai n't quite what we 're talking about now is it
please do n't ever let him teach or be around any kids .
if you have to please please please tell the school district everything you told us !
what peaked your interest in the craft and do you view it more as a hobby or a potential career path ?
a ridiculous amount of people for a game that has n't had content in years and was torn apart by the internet for most of its life span
no it is n't its less than farming simulator lmao
girorgi has n't won a clay court match this year and sabalenka was just in the semi finals in rome .
i actually just caught an uber and it 's around the 30 ish minutes
i do n't think i 'd describe it as amazing but certainly a work in progress with emphasis on the work sorry i 'm not really a dm person .
most people are content to be in the middle class .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adorable_girls if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you for your contribution but this submission has been removed because it originates from a non-credible source and/or the source has not been linked from a top-level comment .
if you can secure a credible source for this information please feel free to repost .
please do not message us on mod mail about this issue .
if you message us for something we do not deem vital you will be muted for three days .
being muted means you can not contact the mods for any issue whatsoever .
please see the faqs https www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/comments/t5okbs/welcome_to_rukraine_faq_do_dont_support_read and rules https www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/about/rules for more information .
do employers have to demonstrate that they are doing this only in cases where it is relevant to the job role
no so long as it 's not discriminatory and they can rationalise a reason for doing so employers may impose whatever conditions they wish in an employment contract .
and can i not give me consent without it leading to some other disciplinary process ?
if you give your consent then you 'll be subject to whatever the disciplinary consequences are should you fail the test .
if you do n't give your consent and you 've worked there for less than 2 years 1 year ni they can just fire you for not agreeing to the testing .
2 minute drive to the place 4 mins for voting 2 minute drive back .
that 's the only other thing i can think about with the 'aang ' 'zuko ' and 'frog ' keywords .
while az nm nv all get unbearably hot the humidity in houston is the killer .
cheat room has a cheat spell that can make almost anyone marryable
for the reaper and ghost i used stasis+thermoblade worked pretty fast .
thermoblades dont work on sea dragons so i had to do the ol reaper rodeo strat with the prawn he cornered himself in a wall after not too long so it made it fairly painless .
cruel sport anyway good on ya bully my old boy
i am an immigrant and i have found that if you are respectful of your host country 's culture and social norms you will be respected by most people .
sure you get random hateful individuals here and there but if the only thing they can find to complain about is your accent then i would call that a win .
they intend to implement gameplay involving hopping onto their backs and harvesting lucrative barnacles they bring up from the depths of the gas giant
in greece we tell them σπρώξε γλύψε '' push and lick
yeah i recalled he supported nfts and got pretty blasted for it .
would be pointless to use high bar as an accessory if i dont do the movement correctly .
i 'll note to keep pushing through the quads and not leverage with hinge as i can with low bar .
its a wonder they have n't made a seat-belt that doubles up as a life jacket ...
if you are a 27 year old virgin who has waited to have sex when you are married then i believe yes you should stick to this the whole way through .
reiterate this boundary with him and hopefully he is your person and you move forward together
if not then it is you who is stringing him along and you should let him go to find sexual compatibility with someone else
just imagine chris triumphantly announcing to borb he had successfully infiltrated the gay trolling cabal !
they should have got chris to go out and buy some assless chaps and directed him to a secret troll meetup at a gay fetish bar in richmond .
to get access to the secret back room meeting jenkins look around and find the big muscle head and tell him the secret trolling code words i want to blow you in the bathroom '' now chris follow his lead he will escort you to the secret elevator .
pretty sure you 'll be fine if you use a link cable .
my understanding is there 's near 0 latency provided your pc is good .
i use airlink and virtualdesktop to play from pc all the time and i think it works great but you get the occasional unavoidable hiccup which i 'm sure would be a kill joy in that game .
ben walke was the community manager for star wars battlefront ii .
they helped liverpool secure cl football last season after liverpool lost all their starting centre backs to injuries .
i think it would be harder to develop the mvp from scratch with clean and proper code .
your post was removed because the title is a known spammer title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bimarriedmen if you have any questions or concerns .
have you taken your child to the doctor for this ?
my triplets had reflux horribly one even developing a severe feeding aversion from it .
bro the times in which we committed ethnic cleansings are just as long gone as königsberg .
the only cake anyone should eat at birthdays are space cakes .
you should pray and hope those socks are clean i dont see much i could use to gag you i guess your socks would have to do unless i could find your bra or panties lying around
i want to talk to a cancer man soooo bad never met one before i 'm 23y female and i 'm a taurus they say we are a perfect match and i want to see ! ! !
i have been dealing with an aggressive mean aries for the past 5 years so i need that emotional person in my life hmu ! ! !
i do n't like either of you i 'm ok with that uggo
i have n't had a chunky red sauce on my pasta since i got an immersion blender .
your comment was removed because it violated rule 4 no nsfw
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/d765u0zj8s091.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
i try and bring a change of clothes for after shift and always keep some deodorant and or cologne handy
i 'd love to fuck my older married load in you while i record it .
that would make me want to come back and use you again
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're looking for help with getting started on the fire journey make sure to check out the getting started wiki located here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fiaustralia if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's like my brain tells me to be like her and you 'll be better than you are now '' or something ...
i 'm also autistic so copying other people is something i have done my whole life to 'fit in'.. and i think i copy his ex whenever i 'm feeling bad or whenever there 's a lot of chaos in my life ... and it makes my rj worse ...
i compare myself to this one ex a lot and i keep asking him questions about her..
couple years ago i got 2 2nds for mattison and then ended up getting mattison back for 1 2nd after cook came back .
if you ca n't know what love and peace are without a god to tell you that 's basically being a moral relativist who simultaneously claims everyone else 's moral viewpoint is objectively wrong .
this story would have been 1000x more interesting if you told us how much it cost
most people did not understand if you took your time to read the comments you 'd see that .
i do n't understand you 're getting mad it 's cool that you understand gibberish i guess but as someone who went to school unlike this dasher i had a hard time understanding .
i ended up running every class through every quest .
devastator was the only one that i had any real survivability with because of the constant spam of knockback and the game taking control of my camera .
that 's the only real complaint i have about the game .
ill do what i like thanks ... calling a person hysterical is n't sexist if they 're being hysterical .
if somehow we manage to squeak out 85 wins and sneak into the postseason thanks to that lame expanded playoffs thing i 'm afraid he may get extended yet again that 's how low standards are in seattle unfortunately .
man got injured and everyone forgets he carried the entire batting lineup
i wish they would make an arm based go as well .
under the staircase almost looks like a 3rd laying down or something .
if op is n't just clout chasing with a creepy photo '' and genuinely thinks this is legit he probably took this during his party and forgot .
if there is only one nomination no ballot will occur .
fr parrot no pot panther and lots of adds for fr frost ?
people having your ip address is n't really a big deal at all to be honest .
if you have a dynamic ip address it 'll literally change every time you reboot your router .
it 's not a huge deal for the most part .
bro if there 's no wheat it means most people will eat less gluten that 's all i 'm saying .
it probably means your gpu is working harder and your system is waiting on it so the cpu doesnt have to do as much work
yeah she was great in the bon appetit videos too !
she did mention she wished more interviews were like the cheese tasting one and i totally get it .
it 's the most forgettable live action disney remake .
even lion king which reddit despises did a billion .
i just wanted to know where i could do some research .
we do not allow questions that needlessly exclude minority demographics .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately .
if you are messaging about your removed comment or post please include a link to the removed content for review .
are you sure you 're posting in the right sub though ?
do the medical journals say anything about standing in a pool of another man 's urine ?
blue w white stripe from head unit is remote but that one could be too .
i agree with a lot of what you said .
i try to feel fortunate to live in such a desirable place that others want to move to .
i ca n't tell if you misread hogs '' as dogs '' or if you meant to write hogs '' and your device autocorrected to dogs . ''
i do believe that the documentecd cases of wild pigs actually killing lambs and sheep that i 've read about have been in wales .
i was just saying that there are technically a couple of wild nz animals that could kill sheep .
i 'm lazy so i 'll definitely enjoy the infinite channels option
and the bucks did n't do those things as well ?
the celtics took advantage of the mistakes the bucks made as well .
using that as an excuse is just stupid and inconsiderate
texas has a higher violent crime rate https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_and_territories_by_violent_crime_rate than california .
texas ca n't supply enough energy https www.thedrive.com/news/tesla-asks-texan-owners-to-limit-charging-due-to-heat-wave for tesla owners to charge their cars .
texas freezes their citizens to death if it gets cold .
texas regulates women 's bodies with government mandated pregnancies .
texas lets chemical factories blow up https www.12newsnow.com/article/news/investigations/tpc-group-explosion-demonstrates-vulnerability-of-southeast-texas-schools-near-petrochemical-plants/502-c0490257-ef41-4723-8c63-362bf07b542f next to schools and nursing homes .
every mountain town in colorado is filled with texans who fled from the state even though it 's more expensive to live in colorado .
if you live in texas you have to live next to texans .
you know i never thought about it before but amber was with franco and elon musk who both have claims against them .
i wonder if that is something amber knew and was potentially trying to set up the same thing with them .
this is the most rich people dumb shit i 've ever seen
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will result in a removal counting towards your ban tiers https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_ban_tiers .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
i got ta repair the damage done to jill even though i showed no interest in her with my path after the ending of season 2 .
for the sake of bella and jills best friend relationship i need to make things right by making sure they can trust each other again
i hate arriving at bk or mcd 's at 10:20 and the queue is so long that by the time i reach the till it 's 10:31 and my mcmuffin aspirations are dashed by the words we are serving our main menu now sir '' .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
your husband has a boyfriend and his name is carl .
they should definitely allow gore and violence for art 's sake .
if u have an iphone just nhl 66 it and send it to the apple tv
she should be on a hill somewhere with the sun and the clouds above her !
the event when iroha comes to eorzea is also written into the story of rhapsodies .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
switching back to yotube was the best decision i ever made .
sure it 's cumbersome but it always feels worth it .
i play enough br to know thats not how you make deep runs .
that 's what would happen if you did n't pay the bill .
and both teams were fine not playing since they both were going through as the game stood .
seller and potential buyers please do your due diligence and see rule 4 in the side bar .
i thought it was well known he was a de .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/amogus/comments/uuknhz/sus_math 32 32
if the contrast between weak and dead is between a state of venial and mortal sin respectively then that is n't really significant is it the one approaching unworthily is already in a state of mortal sin is n't he ?
hopefully they will add some other means of getting the skill in sunbreak ... but for the time being the arena seems to be the only way .
i ended up doing it on pc though i could n't be bothered on switch .
yeah i wanted my job because i liked it and i did n't want the others because they are n't the one i liked .
i do n't think there 's a whole lot to it not all tech jobs are alike .
this lake is similarly great and a short but a very rugged hike .
you checked all the comments on your post yet or are you just in denial ?
if you are ok that your wife purposely goes out with clothes that are engineered to get other men to look then you need to be ok with other men looking .
she says with a tone saying that one if those is an obvious conclusion .
we can go to the surface and fuck in the woods if you wan na do like wade and wynne but i prefer a bed . ''
i am fine with crypto being an option in a 401k .
you 'd be a fool to take it but it 's your choice .
also i feel like kim wants to be pam anderson so bad .
he died over 20 times but was revived with an aed and many other treatments like a ventilator an various medicines
so hopefully sometime in june we will get our builds back haha
when in the name of all that is holy and right with the world will you give explorer a split pane view ?
also when will we get a window control for keep above others '' ?
good lord it 's 2022 and windows is still missing the absolute basics .
forget ai your team still has a long way to go on ui !
ok i dont think he made anything other than bangers
i do n't care what anyone says this is the best one so far
if they want to speak out about issues i applaud them .
maybe i agree with them maybe i do n't .
but that 's america and i applaud them for speaking out about issues .
that is not the point i am making and i have explained that several times .
let 's take issues that personally affect me and my loved ones .
gun control lgbtq rights climate change reproductive rights and voting rights .
these are five issues that i feel are essential to the continual growth of us as a nation and i am on the liberal side of all of these issues .
should i be upset if jack does n't speak out about blm ?
if jack speaks out about three of my top five should i be upset that he does n't speak about the remaining two ?
it 's an impossible task to keep up with the societal demands some put on celebrities .
theres drinking and then theres drunk big difference does it excuse bad behavior majority of times no yet being drunk slow down your thinking process and the ability to make rational decisions
mdma also gets rid of all the negative parts of being in crowds on acid
if you can turn yourself gay i think it would be a good choice as long as you live in a tolerant society .
easy access to casual sex or a serious relationship .
easier to relate to partners men and women tend to have different world views .
no one can get pregnant so no kids becoming a drain on your bank account .
it reminds me of this quote from moral orel gays would have it made in the shade except for one thing .
yeah it 's just on a personal workstation i was mainly commenting on the subscription business model in general .
it 's ... 15 ... took me 2 seconds ... how is this hard ?
okay but wtf is going on with these two babies
expanding state gun laws are n't possible in texas but seeing how the gop defaults to 'mental health ' its is an excellent avenue to press them on expanding texas medicaid .
they bought in to lend out their shares and still retain voting rights to vote yes on the items the board wants .
ok you win 🥇 also texas is weird and not representative of a functioning society .
im a plumber and our shop has a cool coffee station with a huge expresso machine and its also catered so they always have cold brew and shit .
i fill 2 30oz poverty brand yetis and half a 3rd with expresso for a 10 hour shift .
anybody that rates her lower than 7 are brain dead .
she is by no means my type but she is objectively beautiful .
u/japanisthebesttttt has 17 loans paid as a borrower for a total of 9889.53
u/japanisthebesttttt has not given out and had completely paid back any loans .
u/japanisthebesttttt has not received any loans which are currently marked unpaid
u/japanisthebesttttt has not given any loans which are currently marked unpaid
u/japanisthebesttttt does not have any outstanding loans as a borrower
u/japanisthebesttttt does not have any outstanding loans as a lender
chronological req and paid posts http www.reddit.com/r/loans+borrow/search ? q=title 3ajapanisthebesttttt+or+author 3ajapanisthebesttttt restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all reddit investigator http redditinvestigator.com/japanisthebesttttt justin paulin creddit rating http justinpaulin.com/tools/credditrating.php ? username=japanisthebesttttt
yeah i do n't know how i feel about starlink and the us also paid for a bunch of that it was n't all some charitable gesture .
i will agree that he seems to be more engaged with the public but it 's still mind blowing to me that it 's all some big business adventure when you could quite literally change the world in some kind of meaningful way .
but being lectured to about hard work by someone like him is almost comical .
who the hell would give an 18 year old that much credit ?
the english government have no concept of high costs for parents or bad parents
basketball gods help us when he has a few more years and 1 more star player .
i 'm a jew and i 'm offended that you think i ca n't tell the difference between an indian swastik and a swastika .
if you try to dispute me on this not only will it show your own ignorance but you will also show me and everyone else how unreasonable you are .
frankly i think your a troll and not a real person .
we had one glorious summer like 6 years ago when she went outside to do her business .
we got rid of the litter tray and everything .
then we looked after someone else 's cat who used a litter tray and then never did it outside again .
monthly delivery of frozen pouches you defrost one a day .
i think it works out to something like £1.60/day which is obviously hugely more expensive than the regular stuff but it 's been around a year and we 've never looked back .
the most annoying and useless mode in the game imo pitiful rewards and rage when a sticker refuses to drop the whole period
only 350k to go from 35 to 50 i assume you have lvl 35 of those .
his margit look is just what he looks like .
him laying on the floor is n't his real self it 's just his damaged body .
quick edit that being said it is a little convenient how his horns perfectly disappear so like the other comments said it could be symbolism for him being freed from the curse upon his death .
there 's going to be a drop for the famous reset to take place or else i 'll never be bother by rising inflation supplies shortages wars in europe ...
im glad youve had a successful nerve hookup thats my fear that afterwards i wouldnt have good sensation and i would just have to suck it up .
how many stages did it take or have you done so far ?
blac chyna just sued the kardahsians for defamation and lost .
they specifically wrote they believed that kyle jenner acted in some unethical ways but that it had no impact on bc losing so they did not rule in bc favor .
also that case was clearly a loss for bc from the beginning and the jury still took longer than some people thought to deliver a verdict .
just for those that are some reason flabbergasted that the jury did n't verdict today .
you will spend 10-50x more on an airplane than you willl renting for your remaining ppl student hours and there 's a good chance the plane you want to fly places is n't a very good trainer .
people do it but i 'd wait til after ppl then join a club with a few different types of aircraft and fly around a bit .
get a sense of what kind of flying you want to do and what planes fit the mission and what aircraft you enjoy flying .
historia holding her baby 3 years later after the battle
or waves hands whatever the fuck us evangelicals are doing
dude you replied to me first and then i reply back and say you 're explaining all the reasons it was unpopular which is my point '' and then claim i am arguing ?
r/irlgirls is a subreddit that highlights the average girl that you see in your everyday life .
since the girls posted here are not famous or have a huge following we want to make sure that this is an anti-stalker subreddit .
it is not fair to put a girl 's safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you will be banned if you post/ask for a source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
submit here to be notified if you get shadowbanned .
1 of your last 2 comments c submissions s have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
first timer long over due trip been wanting to go since freshman year and edc was still in la 😭
people who shout you 'd hesitate too if you were in their position '' .
maybe take a look at the parents who are n't hesitating at all who are n't armed are n't fitted with body armor .
i put peepers in mine with one infected peeper so that they all die a slow painful death .
i mean if most people want it removed then it can be removed .
if it is how the hell did you get it so smooth .
in switzerland the safest gun loving country self defence is n't considered a valid reason to buy a gun .
you can only do so if you 're a member of a shooting club and then your armes have to be stored properly .
so what i 'm trying to highlight to you is that there 's really no comparative to your gun laws among countries with similar quality of living .
otherwise you would n't use disgusting terms like murder and being so unsympathetic and lacking in empathy that your attitude is disturbing to anyone with a shred of the humanity you 're lacking .
learn the difference between a fetus and a baby .
i do n't respect your opinion because you have shown nothing but contempt for those with opposing views and because you clearly do n't understand the difference between a clump of cells and a living breathing baby ... . like a moron .
i prefer mayans though since it 's basically just a modern soa to an extent and has some really nice writing .
