i 'm not to bothered if we loose him but it could be blow for arteta
a party should n't have to completely readjust because someone got butt-hurt about an argument on reddit
it 's just a special military operation ukraine can join just fine .
it 's not strictly speaking a splitter it 's a forkball .
they 're closely related pitches but the forkball trades velocity for movement .
it 's actually substantially more popular than the splitter in japan which might be why noticed japanese pitchers ' splitters '' having more movement than their american counterparts .
jm m was the last thing cinemassacre put out aside avgn that was good and pulled in views at least the first couple of years of it .
once james decided he could just show up and do nothing the show went south .
it 's best if it remains dead no reason to bring it back .
well i use ios and mac mail clients with exchange okta 2fa .
it pops open a web browser and authenticates via that .
i 've also used both apps with microsoft authenticator against outlook.com with 2fa and the native exchange interface with no problems so i 'm not sure why you say they only support imap/pop and no 2fa .
the most common side effect of plan b is irregular bleeding .
that being said you had unprotected sex so you might want to rule out pregnancy with a test anyway .
that 's all you say ... . look at how unhinged you are ...
lol it 's no wonder nobody wants to be around you
i mean dam sometimes you need to talk on the phone ?
my husband hates texting but once in a while he needs to text me or me him
bought gs 499 shares with my cash 298 share price .
looking for a trade to make a few thousand .
so hoping for a quick trade and then maybe in time to catch cliffs at the lows and buy some more .
i was using crystals for stam refresh but i think i will stop now to save for pulls which suck
i do n't know how seriously i should take your comment
from reading the comment you 're replying to the op does n't seem to be talking at all about why that hole is there and is instead talking about story criticisms .
also i do n't worry about looking bad when i have a face that does that for me
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3atoronto 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3atoronto 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
note you must enable nsfw search results https i.imgur.com/a3i5xq2.jpg in your preferences https www.reddit.com/prefs on the web site for search to work in apps as well !
see what 's new https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and newer https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=2
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
most recommend checking 2 hour after meals and trying to keep that number below 120 .
i never took the 3 hour and my endocrinologist does n't actually believe i have gd but i 'm testing anyway .
i 'd switch to do 2 hour checks if you are doing this on your own without a doctor 's advice and then add in some walks after eating .
also there are some good youtube workouts for gd that you can do .
i 've heard the best time for a workout or walk is about 1-2 hour after a meal .
squeakers just saved you from an unexpected flooded basement and a few days with no hot water which would happen at the least convenient time he 's a hero !
i feel the same way and have some strong thoughts about pronoun circles .
i 'm also currently navigating a trans/nonbinary identity but i 'm not out yet .
you should be able to share your pronouns if you feel like it but we should n't be putting everyone on the spot in meetings etc .
there are lots of people who are in the process of questioning are n't out or just do n't want to share with a group .
i 've always thought that a better idea for pronoun circles is to prompt everyone to share something they 'd like the group to know .
that includes pronouns how you 're feeling that day certain medical issues like allergies that it 's important for others to be aware of etc .
i once had someone write pronouns in a theater bio for me and hated it .
i had specifically submitted the bio without them but they added them in i guess to match the other bios .
on technicality i think yta here for specifically the behavior you 're asking in the subject line and in the context she 's a grown woman and it 's not your place to tell her what she is and is n't allowed to order .
now are you ta for wanting to set firm boundaries so you 're not paying out the tush for food that you know is going to go to waste ?
i would be livid too if i paid 40 for someone 's meal just to see them eat not even half and then not take leftovers home and eat them .
that said my partner also has a complicated relationship with leftovers mitigated by the fact that i 'm sort of a seagull and will just eat whatever they do n't want and needing various textures so i understand there can be many reasons why people do not clean their plates that have nothing to do with a disregard for food waste or me .
but if you 're paying you are not obligated to enable that .
setting boundaries is more than appropriate here but i do n't think telling her what she 's allowed to eat is helpful .
instead a better boundary you could set would be that if she 's going to insist on ordering her usual spread that you can not wo n't be able to share and she wo n't eat later fine but she has to pay for it herself with her own funds .
it might hit a little different for her when it 's her own money she 's tossing in the trash and she might be encouraged to make more mindful selections .
do you perhaps know where to buy these bras at cheap costs ?
lol they made a meme for us to use ?
looks like a turd still compressed in the lower intestends .
color it brown with a few corn pieces as highlights .
that 's your truck and you are loading stuff from your neighbors garage !
we never were gon na top sacramento 's own future first lmao
we ca n't help what happens to him after we fire him off in a rocket directly towards the sun .
go around if you are n't going to hit the point but also do n't force the bird down .
you need to recognize that the point is missed and let her down smooth .
it seems you have previously posted 5 submissions within the past 24 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2firlgirls .
extremely low but even as ar59 i do n't have any great hydro cups myself .
kentucky fried movie specifically from the segment called a fistful of yen which is a parody of enter the dragon .
first movie from the team that made airplane and the naked gun .
i think vecna took the mind flayer 's power that 's why he is now head of the hive mind because he controls the mind flayer .
screen with the f1 2 and 3 is not where the work social is in the bar .
love for racing vs desire to be social at play plus a sore neck .
i stopped watching because i did n't like that they were acting like high school girls .
i gave up on bh too because of the fox fab five or whatever .
i hate a bunch of them ganging up on someone .
they have a specific list of items it should be visible in json
at the detriment of everyone else who needs medical attention ?
you just do n't challenge bad behaviour and allow each and every person particularly the doctors they meet subsequently to have a harder time because they have learnt they can get away with being disgusting ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/19684 if you have any questions or concerns .
my name is rebecca parson and i 'm running for congress in wa 's 6th district against a corporate democrat .
i was the first congressional candidate in the country to call for a 30 minimum wage which i 've defended on fox and newsmax .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sandersforpresident if you have any questions or concerns .
me i 'm cutting my hours down man i got to many hours you got me working 44 hours dude
my boss that 's good i 'm schedule you for 54 hours instead ... ...
only reason i 'm not sold on it is how did those two make a blonde haired blue eyed kid ?
sometimes i wonder if i had n't had kids is this the kind of thing i 'd be doing ?
r/bronlyfans is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bronlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
warning careful this thread has become a honeypot to ban people for violating reddit tos .
it 's attached to your placenta and you deliver the placenta after the baby is delivered
i 'd try sectioning your hair when you style it .
that way each section gets a bit of product on it .
and use some gel to keep it in place .
isner ca n't even keep the return of a 107mph serve in ... dude is done in this match so one dimensional
new themyscira had to be a floating island in the sky .
that 's the point of something like that though .
any cat shield is n't going to completely prevent theft but it 'll get the person to move on to the next vehicle
the daughter is n't the wife 's according to one of op 's comments .
another redditor asked if kiddo is not wife 's and op said correct '' .
i 'm not refuting btw just adding info 3 i do like your breakdown of this though mostly cause i do n't condone this type of behavior in front of kids .
eloquent refute to mil in a calm manner sure but knock down drag out cussing matches ... . nope
it 's not currently updated to this new version but it 's already being discussed in the blish hud discord https discord.gg/fykn3qh
they overturned roe without so much of a plan for the women who are currently pregnant .
i have heard that offspiners kill them at ranji .
jaiswal seems to be the only lefty opener that is worth considering
gsw sweep lakers in the first round and sweep phoenix in the wcf is my ultimate wet dream
this is n't an issue about size.. you stalled from not moving with no pressure .
you ca n't get more basic than that you are n't a new rider you are n't even a rider yet .
take some damn lessons and do n't you dare go round the neighborhood endangering other people .
why did you buy a new bike when you 've never touched one before ?
reading this as i just got the call from my ob 's clinic telling my the results are not looking good .
no rush you need to get through the base game before you can play the expansion anyway .
so you can safely buy it later if you want .
well i have been a vsbw member for 3 years and there are many threads where people agreed that anos qualifies for 1c .
actually they are not taking a sudden risk by just updating his profile right away .
tbh anos 's profile is one of the most popular on in vsbw so they give time and gather as many proof possible so that once it gets upgraded there is no way to downgrade him just like how umineko verse got nuked .
giving high tiers and then downgrading him is an embarrasment to the charecter itself .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemypussy if you have any questions or concerns .
duckduckgo is not a browser but a search engine ... . not the same bro
i guess all those heavy striders dropping normal strider flesh have prepared us for this ... 😓
i think people are just looking for a part of a sentence that they can take out of context and use to create clickbate titles so that people with a negative bias against someone can see their opinions confirmed and rage in commentsections .
it 's better you or your husband have it on a drive offline .
nothing is safe now a days as our devices are constantly connected to the internet and there are thousand ways to breach the security and steal your data .
i 'm not sure which part you are talking about ... siding with the guy who wants to destroy the world or running away with him later or what ?
sweden actually used to have a nuclear program but it was scrapped in the 1970s .
they have huge stockpiles of plutonium a well developed civilian nuclear industry and an effective domestic space launch program .
all of the ingredients required for an icbm they just need to put them together .
south korea also has literally everything in place except the warheads even down to developing a conventionally armed slbm which is a hell of a weird thing to own if you do n't intend to put the er traditional payload on top .
japan 's got an obvious cultural opposition to nuclear arms but if they feel they can no longer rely on the usa 's nuclear umbrella in the 2030s and china starts shit they may reconsider .
3000 thermonuclear hussars of poland would be epic though .
i mean the country birthed marie curie they should be up to it .
gon na be awkward at that captains mast then .
i have always remembered 3.14159 because i will never need anything more accurate than that .
you 're paying 350 for the rancor not the extras .
stretch goals are meant to be a gift to the people who helped push the project beyond it 's goal
said broccoli is suspiciously on top of a half-eaten dish but has no sauce on it
i would be super nervous about it but you two might just give me the confidence to
i used sidereal placements everything gets shifted 24 degrees back inline with true astronomical placements and whole houses is used it resonates a lot better with my own chart so i stopped looking at western positions
i was a babysitter that took kids to swim lessons but if your mom is available and does n't mind what 's the difference ?
anyone on tumblr during the peak era knows there was far worse going on back then
i played a tiefling barbarian and not once was it unclear you are merely granted access to the spells given not divorced of any requirements to use them unless stated .
if this is a case of wrong eng translation again i can only hope they turn her to ashes again bc i fckn hate that we have to go through this over and over again 💀
i 've done joyless and what a steel challenges and have 1760 anti-plasmids currently as i had spent some on crispr unlocks last playthrough .
most of the crisprs i have left do n't seem like they are going to boost much so have not purchased the chimeric dna transformation and negotiator .
never in my life have i ever wiped back to front .
to think that some men and even some women do is weird af 😭
after applying primer try a peach color corrector it will neutralize the blue/black of stubble .
if you still see blue after blending add a bit more then put concealer/foundation on top of that .
i 've not see either but i did n't like the first minions movie so i 'll take morbius .
hi i 'm silver 4 and i play adc .
if you 're cool to duo let me know !
if you truly think that all women want that lol .
i bringing up racism is political .but racism is not political .
yeah they might be placed on paid vacation until the case blows over and then they go to work in a different precinct the horror !
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
i just want to curl up inside like a cat lmao
it 's not bad would definitely prefer it being at midnight instead but 🤷‍♂️
i 'm considering doing the same thing right now .
if you have the time i 'd love knowing the following before i begin if you 're willing to share
did you end up sourcing the ceramic case and bracelet separate from the dial or is this all from 1 watch ?
who/what did you end up doing for coating and what did it run you ?
overall was it worth it when compared to just buying the black pvd tourbillon we 're currently seeing ?
i feel like they 've reduced the amount of stupid shit .
one is more skilled in dueling and one is more powerful in the force who would win ?
everyone who lead police on a high speed chase while hopping hollow points at them should be murdered .
how would anyone expect to survive such a thing ?
well if you 're one of those people who cares about real world realism any world with potatoes would 100 use that as it 's staple crop .
they 're easy to grow in mass easy to keep easy to replant easier to eat than rye or wheat and have a lot of calories .
most important of all is that they are potatoes which is reason enough alone .
why do n't all bald spinners simply get hair transplant and end this pant bullying forever ?
i hope though that through this post awareness begins to push things forward .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 24 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsatoshistreetbets .
i think it 's possible a 3rd good but slightly lesser conference emerges out of the acc pac 12 and big 12
i f34 am pregnant with twin boys and my husband m34 told me that he was dead set on naming our sons notch '' and jeb '' i know most of you are probably unaware but these are the names of two of the people who created minecraft .
my husband is a big minecraft fan and builds stuff on the game a lot and has minecraft posters he even said he wants to play minecraft with his sons .
i told my husband that i want to give our children regular names not after minecraft because they are not objects and my husband got really defensive about it saying that he should be able to choose because he is their father and i never gave any name suggestions .
i will never name my children after minecraft because i do n't want them to get bullied and feel like it 's dehumanizing to name them after a game .
i told my husband that i 'd rather get a divorce than name our kids after minecraft and he got really angry and raised his voice .
i 'm pregnant and my hormones maybe made me really emotional because i started crying .
a few hours after that we calmed down and i asked him again and he said he will for sure name the kids notch '' and jeb '' alta ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
also you mentioned about location declan costello was from dublin .
the us produces more oil than any other country and the oil companies have over 9500 unused leases on federal land !
the keysonte pipeline transported dirty tarsands to other countries .
stop with the fox news bullshit we are the largest oil producer ! !
this is what happens when the dog finally catches the car .
during nearly every scene with eleven and owens this epi i had the thought what a weird remake of my two dads ''
at the end the defuse save you from a close encounter to an exploding kittens while the oders cards make u can jump it
idk if this is confusing perspective but did you have to unhinge your jaw to eat that ?
i do see myself as neither a man or a woman and there are days where the masc/femme/andro aspects of myself fluctuate and i feel more akin to one or the other .
however while i see myself as transfemme and want to present more femme leaning for example i personally do n't feel that comfortable with female only labels or being seen as 100 a woman if that makes sense .
but i also do n't see myself as a man or anything masculine .
i personally see myself as a more feminine leaning androgynous individual .
however describing oneself as nb is pretty difficult to someone who is n't much more than being binary trans in my personal opinion
it is awful how she uses confidential information to be petty .
hey some people are just like that and there is nothing we can do but absorb the sunshine amongst her shade .
i understand why they do this keeps the game flowing but it 's just wrong in a competitive game .
he played a effeminate body guard be cool who talked about sucking all the meat of bones in way to suggest that he was gay .
in central intelligence his character had some weird behavior and wore a unicorn shirt the point is you can be however you want and act however you want does n't mean your not still a man if you want to be
i get this is el 's show but i hope they come up with a unique way to end season 5 that is not just el using her powers to defeat the villian while everyone else goes off that to help her .
it 's a bit repetitive as thats how 3 of the seasons have ended .
asking about religions/heresies too but i guess most of them are easter-eggs characters like that bogomil girl .
it 's really a shame that there 's no historical paulican characters for first bookmark and bogomil for second .
i think it 's weird and a major sign of insecurity but do n't really care if someone does it .
all you had to do is qualify your statement with a mostly
you 're just a redacted mother-effer who does n't understand how words work
e.g fo4 had all the parts of a pool ball table .
could not even set the table up since the balls were too large for the frame .
except she was bigger and able to jump an 8 foot wooden fence like a show horse .
we tried anti jumping harnesses and those wireless fences .
nothing worked until she got old enough to not be able to move around .
sadly she 's no longer with us but she lived 17 years not bad for a shelter dog who was scheduled to be put down .
thankfully we lived in the middle of nowhere so at least we did n't have to worry about traffic .
sounds like a great way to fuck up muscle memory of finding your target on ready
you are very pretty and should be happy with how attractive you look !
my point is that the bank was assessing risk solely on professional status not on other factors .
honestly i kinda hope that they just keep doing base game updates and coming out with packs for sims 4 instead .
i just want to see bbig get back to 3 ish .
not selling there then i can forget about tyde for now .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=jdjdjdidndidj .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
nice dude tech decks can be upgraded with new bushings and foam tape makes them alot better
we all been through some trauma experience with 12 .
that dont mean you got ta act like this tho .
guaranteed my man got slapped with a dat a summons and was out of the precinct in 2 hours 🙄
i have an idea for a community new daily mission together with other daily tasks and reward will be to get rid of the bot 's abusing system .
then if you see smart boys finding low popular location report too .
also fetus does n't have a right to squat in someone else 's body
solution remove carefully and in one piece then good luck lmao
it 's going to be pretty funny if we have a massive decline in birth rate in the us because people start choosing voluntary sterilization over risking children .
the myriad of social issues that are going to arise from this fucked up decision rvw is going to be staggering .
my dad used to be a professional photographer and he used gimp so it it surely is good
zlatan is a bigger name and legend than what anyone else can suggest .
yes because eto'o tends to show up in the big moments more than zlatan .
some people may be giving away binders they dont need anymore but other than that theres no places in the uk that i know of that give out free binders
genderswap does gc2b binders for £15 w free shipping if you can get one while its in stock they go out of stock quite quickly
only the base game 's autumn map has fixed suits for its clearings .
slide those panties off and bend you over fill you up with cum .
then put those panties back on you so you can spend the day with a cunt full of cum and some messy panties
thats a big misconception its not like reality not even as vivid like a dream for most .
for example fall guys it 's a nice free game
the original life forms where agender making them apart of the lgbt community
if you hate somebody it does n't mean they are a bad person but you still can hate/dislike them
reminder that within living memory the church '' of right-wing america considered that a weird foreign belief from those unamerican catholics .
i remember when i used to be more liberal and centrist i 'm torn between saying those were good times and saying i was naive .
ah to be young and uncaring to the world around oneself .
i 'm in the no cysts club no period club too though i did have an mri which confirmed a growth on my pituitary gland .
i often wonder if that growth is indicative of what kind of pcos you have .
i 'm thinking of changing mine and would like to know which to possibly avoid .
it 's a quick visual gag and not a direct omg she is literally palpatine .
she says that she ca n't afford food until the food stamps hit on the 7th/11th .
if you date a woman with three kids and get her pregnant and then break up how are the extra three kids your problem ?
he 's doing the right thing and taking care of his son .
we do n't know his financial situation but it sounds like he 's doing a better job than the other 1 2 or 3 baby daddies .
yeah i flew in from orlando and i guarantee tsa lines would 've been a third of the time if it was n't for the dog part .
liken it to your boss screaming in your ear everytime he tells you to do something at work .
sure it may get you to work but over time there is a high possibility you will get some form of ptsd .
i do n't mean to imply you knowingly hurt the dog but please use positive reinforcement
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
which is exactly the point i 'm trying to make .
a person goes to a country experiences racism and says that place is more racist and completely disregards that their ethnicity completely shapes how people perceive them .
if they 're white it 's unlikely that they are going to experience racism in an white majority country .
if you ask me a chinese american if the us was more racist based off my lived experiences alone then yes .
i would probably say that there are likely more racists in china than in the us for two reasons .
china has 4x the us 's population which increases the amount of racists just by sheer population alone .
china is a ethnostate which limits the populations exposure to other races .
i believe that being ethnically and culturally monolithic is one of the largest root causes of racism .
my history lecturer have done some shit ton of research bout malaysia 's so called tokoh .
not undermining their contribution but damn the moment brits their power they start to revoke .
if she enjoys old-fashioned romance i 'd say jewelry .
most women 's clothing stores will have some jewelry available within your budget .
you disagree with me and now you disagree with this guy ?
that 's so beans tshirt killed me for some reason .
nta and if your aunt does n't start truly educating him on what 's not okay to say then he 's gon na get smacked in the mouth one day .
being high function asd does n't mean they ca n't learn it just takes a different form of education to show them what 's not acceptable .
i wish i could drain you balls and drink all your cum 🤤
nah if they lose to the best team in the world rng there is n't much shame but if they lose to not even a top 5 team in the world it will humble them .
i literally been crying on and off since i found out trying to distract myself with reptile content so i can rehydrate
you completely failed to provide a rebuttal to texan pastor dillon awes .
the only parts of your argument that i intentionally ignored were the sources '' you provided as i only skimmed through them only for them to confirm exactly what i was expecting to see in said articles .
upon bothering to actually read those articles i 'll give my thoughts on each since originally i was being disingenuous and for that i apologize .
so schools are helping accept transgender students and help shield them from potentially abusive/unaccepting parents ?
gender dysphoria is not fully understood but most scientists believe it is a mental condition and are debating whether or not it 's a detriment and whatever the case may be they should still be accepted into society .
this supports the fact that the 4,000 increase in people coming out to be transgender is because people are less scared of backlash from their own community and family .
no one 's grooming '' your children to be transgender .
it 's perhaps due to a chemical imbalance or something similar but it 's ultimately up to the child .
this article also implies being transgender is a bad thing .
the do n't say gay '' bill is banning any mention of the lgbtq community in any context .
no one regardless of political affiliation wants their child to be taught gay sex in school .
i guess you can call me a leftist but if i was a father i would n't want my young kids taught about any kind of sex at that age .
so one of two things is going on here .
you 're either a compete meathead with absolutely no concept of depth or nuance and everything you have in your head is just filler or you just do n't want gay people to get any recognition or be accepted in society .
jesus fuck this article is so blatantly homophobic it makes me sick .
no teacher cares if the kids they teach are gay or not and why the fuck does it matter ?
they talk about oh upwards of 20 of gen z are lgbtfrlajawrxyz '' like it 's something to be shameful of .
why are they implying this is a bad thing ?
they also say stalin mao and pol pot were part of the progressive left '' no they fucking were n't .
stalinism and maoism were extreme left ideologies that were also tyrannical and oppressive which is the exact opposite of the moderate leftist progressives of the modern era are .
while yes they were both part of the left hitler and mussolini were far-right but if i were to equate you conservatives moderate right by the way with them you 'd say i was being disingenuous for the same reason i say those articles are .
of course a very small portion of people in the community are fucked up pedophiles .
the lgbtq community is n't completely black-and-white infested with pedophiles or completely devoid of them .
my high school principal was also charged with having sex with a 15 year old girl but he was a straight man .
but you do n't see us saying that all straight people are fucked up pedophiles even though the proportion of pedophiles is higher in the straight community than in the lgbtq community .
the things i said in 2 and 4 also apply here so i 'm not even going to bother explaining it again .
there 's no teachers out to make kids gay and trans '' why would they do that ?
that 's the most desperate and stupid argument i 've heard today .
i 've never met a single teacher that would even consider dealing puberty blockers to kids or try to coerce them into becoming gay or trans .
try using actual put together arguments next time instead of pulling the most hateful and biased articles '' out of your ass and maybe i 'll consider changing my position on the topic .
i do n't think steam has ever done any exclusive deal whatsoever excluding valve games .
meanwhile epic is singlehandedly creating an exclusive market on an open platform mind you very similar to their mortal enemy '' apple .
i doubt there are any epic users with more than a single brain cell .
nooooo t-t hope you get better soon so you can practice 👍
well the church puts out all their own propaganda so idk if there 's much left to make a documentary about .
but also there was the whole i 'm a mormon '' campaign that was basically a series of mini documentaries .
have n't seen this posted on here before ... .
this sub has some pretty strict rules and i think it 's about time these posts are banned because they 're happening almost daily .
what ever happened to uda walawwe mahim bandaralage chanaka asanga welegedara ?
i do believe that if you are a member of club nespresso you get an additional year of warranty .
i 'll double check tomorrow when i 'm on and get the specs and post them here for you if you want .
by any chance did you find socks in oklahoma ?
my boy looks just like her down to the fur pattern and their eyes !
i use apple pay daily and this is another step up .
makes my brownells slide look like a ... . well a brownells slide .
the dps just stand there and wonder what the hell is going on .
watching the video it looks like by the time the crowd began to roar severino had already realized what was happening .
my first full week with shipt 370 order 53 tip .
the delivery address was like less than a mile from the store literally next door .
that same week i also got tipped like 10 with a 10 gf to wendy 's and some cereal bars .
i am a christian and used to work in ministry .
he was an older man and it was n't much to be delivered and the kindness broke me .
as a reminder this subreddit per rule 7 is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults hate speech any suggestion or support of harm violence or death and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicalhumor if you have any questions or concerns .
if i split open this cigarette and mix it with my weed will i start smoking cigs again ?
amazing how much better swepo looks when not bowling on highways
just do what the branch davidians and heaven 's gate did .
their original leaders died and they instead had a 2nd in command '' who was the voice of their departed leader .
though i think paying tribute to jon huber or negative 1 every week may be exploitative i think the unsettling nature would hammer in the cultiness .
seriously look up the marshall applewhite vids they kinda make your skin crawl .
i do n't think this is necessarily adhd so much as our meaning from types of work .
the sparketype test from the dude who made the good life podcast is what showed me that .
that podcast made me a lot cooler with my condition too .
just a friendly reminder of rule 6 personal sales trading affiliate links and begging are not allowed .
i would have still had a issue with that 'arm '' thing .
i do n't know what an echo chamber is and do n't read long winded replies a by smarty pants people so save your breath
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
especially since i was n't even driving nor was my name on the jars
so you 're moving the goalposts from poor people do n't have time to do things '' to poor people do n't have time to do x and y but they do have time to do z even though z is like x and y ''
i mean chances are we are pretty fucked ... but on the other side it is n't the end days either while the big programs get all the attention you need and frankly want decent teams to round out the season ... i mean someone has to fill the 11 game schedule .
almost any of your other pics not the group one would work better as a first pic than the one you have not facing camera sunglasses shirtless .
unless i 'm extremely interested in someone i 'm not gon na try and guess '' how you got a scar what would i even say ? .
it 's kind of a waste of a prompt .
try to give something concrete for people to talk about or maybe a potential date idea and you can tell the story of how you got the scar in your voice prompt instead .
to be honest you are going to hear nothing but the worst from this sub .
it 's more about the fact that it sounds like this is a temporary gig for you .
in which case there are much worse gigs to try .
as far as pay goes look around in other subs .
maybe if you have a sub for your city .
or look at their site or a hiring site for pay listing .
or better yet go to lowe 's and just ask someone for a rough estimate of how much they pay hourly .
if i had to pick up an hourly hustle for the summer a big box hardware store might be on my list with the understanding that it 's temporary .
i do n't know what your lifestyle and body build is like but you could also consider doing stock work for a grocery store .
no customers and no basket chasing in the hot ass parking lot .
and what happens when 1 needs to change to 6 because you inserted another few citations ?
once someone goes over so many hours and also a 6th working day it is considered overtime .
anything after 40 hrs you will be paid overtime pay for the other hours .
your submission has been removed due to your comment karma being below 200 .
you may have been able to post before but for now you may not with your low comment karma .
this is due to the recent increase of spam in the subreddit .
no we will not approve this post and you will not be an exception .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegesluts if you have any questions or concerns .
yes i do n't take a christian group polling about a faith-based issue seriously the same way i do n't take dnc or rnc polls seriously or far left or far right articles seriously .
with barna it looks like the only groups that take them seriously enough to cite them are ... you guessed it christian groups .
at this point worth it 's not worth going in and dissecting why secular sources do n't use them .
no one that writes for bleacher report seems to watch basketball .
this just popped up in my fb ... sunnies now with built in cameras that ‘capture share and listen '
maybe someone with more insight can tell me is it even legal to record audio and video of people without their knowledge ?
he could also one tap orisa if he got lucky with scatter arrow .
they have said they will hear this case in their next term .
oh wait did n't their ceo 's steal all the government money they 're given to save them selves .
i look the way i do and do n't sing or play an instrument .
i mean the quote text is right there with his picture it must be real .
try to make a joke '' with any other race/color then white '' and make exactly the same joke .
i have taken spanish classes and somehow forget everything i learned entirely when someone talks to me in spanish lol
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
memory maze would just get a new story chapter alongside star sea .
its just like mind maze chapters and you can switch between the suits .
you can stock up on kraft dinner hot dogs and mr noodles bread and be full or you can buy proper food and be fed properly .
the funny part of this one is bowser is always really whiney like as soon as this is over i am grinding you to a pepperoni paste you overweight caterpillar-lipped loser '' and mario is just completely agreeable .
you can say a bad thing and not be a racist .
you can not say a bad thing and be a racist
so basically if two things are set to a certain price .
a person will spend the one which has a lower production cost .
that just sound like a rational person performing arbitrage .
you must 've had your eyes closed for half fhe arc if you think peggy was a random character .
already got killed 10 times with god damn gillie on .
unless the video is really old that guy in the video does n't have braids and long hair and his body frame is much different
click the '' button up near where you set your brush size/etc to place it back in inflate mode the '' button switches to deflate mode .
as finn27 mentioned ... holding ctrl usually performs the inverse of the brush .
great for quickly switching between '' and '' modes .
first seen here https redd.it/voq5ir on 2022-07-01 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' vpexln '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=vpexln samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
so what are all the icons and what do they mean ?
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/thickthighs r/stripchatcam r/chaturbatecam r/camwhoresofficial r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothiss if you have any questions or concerns .
well first he was a total bitch and a grumpy like all the time he had a kid around my age we were 10 or 11 his kid used to take my skateboard and bike and i kept telling him to talk to his kid about it and he did n't do shit so the next time i saw with it i screamed at his kid and pushed him he want crying like a little bitch and the kids dad scolded me and threathen to call the police on me so i got angry and later broke a window a baseball bat
yeesh sorry i had n't seen it posted and i have n't seen any other memes like this .
there 's a bit of a saga here https www.reddit.com/r/bestofredditorupdates/comments/vp8fb8/my_29f_husband_31m_got_a_paternity_test_on_our ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share but it includes more details .
she has been tested once and that test said she is not the mother .
her initial post not on legal advice was asking for help proving she did n't cheat after he did a paternity test and was n't the father and also confusion because she knew she did n't cheat .
the whole thing may be a creative writing exercise but i definitely do n't think op is lying about the not cheating .
the father tested because their eyes were blue but the daughter 's eyes are brown .
i ca n't recommend enough the recent episode of the conan o'brien needs a friend podcast which had goldblum as a guest .
she 's not a stand-up comedian but jenny lawson 's books are hilarious and they 're even better as audiobooks with her reading them .
i have n't listened to it yet but i 'm really looking forward to listening to the last black unicorn by tiffany haddish .
you could probably peg him as one of the few people who claim to be anarcho-capitalist and actually have it mean something .
what if the cow jumped over the goddamn moon ?
you ca n't parry the fact that the whole society is run by generational oligarchy with a what if
if you wan na claim the people running the place are where they are cause hard work you 've got a problem why do the vast majority of them have access to enormous generational wealth ?
cause if this system was a meritocracy that rewards hard work and competence that would n't be true would it ?
i mean depressed acne scars pits indentations as a leftover of the acne
i was just thinking about this haha watched the boys at 8pm yesterday took a nap at 11 so i could wake up at 3am to finish my paul reiser double feature haha
then rock those 90 's wide legs and ignore the haters my friend !
i think i got this in genesis a long time ago i 've never seen rafflebones
only thing i need is simorgh repulsion lord of the storm and elborz .
then i can even face fucking dpe and dragoon at the same time .
yeah idk who df downvoted this man but this fkin trivia is just .
i think more people would like resistance if they watched the latter half of each season .
while the early episodes are kind of mundane things eventually really start to pick up .
she has quite a well-written arc across the show .
every withdrawal at celsius and voyager was honored ... until it was n't .
20,000 is a lot of money that you undoubtedly worked hard to earn and save even if it 's not the entirety of your net worth .
you 're risking 5 figures based on loyalty to a company that 's not fdic insured just got bought out for 25 million after saying they were worth billions and whose competitors are locking withdrawals and going under .
idk man i 've read too many tragedy stories on the celsius subreddit to think it 's even remotely worth it to not pull out until this blows over .
i just do n't want you to lose everything .
if you stay constantly checking the news and your app to make sure blockfi is still operational and you have n't been locked out of your funds .
regret it and kick yourself for a long time .
get dunked on by the internet for not pulling out in time .
just envision yourself setting that pile of money on fire .
if you leave for a bit you miss out on a few percentage points of interest .
maybe you see blockfi lock withdrawals and thank god you withdrew in time .
bullet dodged a small price to pay for peace of mind .
even if blockfi is in good standing there 's no way they can survive a bank run .
i do n't mean to be harsh i am just looking out for you and your money .
take a moment to read our rules https reddit.com/r/2meirl42meirl4meirl .
please know that there are people who care for you .
refer to the suicide lines if you are feeling suicidal https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_suicide_crisis_lines .
please report this post if it is bad or not relevant .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl42meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's gon na be pretty hard to bulk up and have visible abs at the same time .
if having abs is really important to you do some research on nutrition .
depending on your body fat percentage you may be able to achieve some body recomposition fat loss and muscle building simultaneously but you may need to truly cut eat at a caloric deficit to lose the fat needed to see your abs .
all that being said just add abs 2-3 times a week after your other resistance training if you want to work them in isolation .
technically speaking though if you want a six pack squats and deadlifts are the most important exercises you can do .
that was a lot of words but that 's how it goes lol .
my problem is that i work in a bar/restaurant .
when i finish work the only places that are still open for me to socialise at all are other bars .
i 've tried just going home but then i 'm sitting there on my own and the only thing that calms my mind a little is to have a drink .
my days off everyone i know is working so i go to the bars where i know i 'll have people to talk to .
i 've been looking for another job but having been a chef for 20 years the only jobs i 'm qualified for are other cooking jobs around booze .
why did you sign the contract if it didnt include that specific request ?
come on she would n't leave it as her pic forever .
when would it be acceptable to you for her to change it ?
you ca n't judge people on what their insta pic is .
i 've never changed mine for any cause but it does n't mean i do n't support them in more meaningful ways i 'm just not active on social media .
i guess my liberal brain just does n't believe every dumb tweet or meme thrown around on social media .
if the only thing important to you is finding ways to make it all the democrats fault that 's fucking boring and dumb .
the democrats failing at governance is actually the democrats ' fault yes .
rage against the republicans all you want they are n't listening .
you guys all like your echo chambers how 's that working out ?
and how could he not care some serious shit hope ur ok
accurate but this breaks the rules and will be taken down
they 're playing with the price to see how much they can get away with .
if the piece does n't sell at that price they 'll adjust it to a point where it does .
i 'm sure any big bank listed will know what to do in this situation .
they should be able to cash you out immediately .
just be sure to bring all the paperwork and your id with you .
i think the game had more diverse social groups earlier on like a full range .
and what 's in the box ? ! ? ! ?
nobody 's gon na complain if you work without pants .
and i gave you examples where brooke had pieced together how peyton felt .
as far as your other point i mean brooke is pretty clearly only into lucas due to physical attraction .
maybe that 's something that should be respected but it 's not like peyton acted on anything until she was goaded into it at the party
he 's got to be moving some of those bones with this version .
did the wolves not play the rockets in the playoffs like 4 years ago .
and yes we can laugh because it is funny lmao
it 's probably going to make the next cba interesting .
have you heard the missa solemnis the score that beethoven 's holding in the portrait ?
his ability to improve his striking and overall gameplan so much is what made him rise in this current run .
just not elite enough in the wrestling aspect to overtake the top guys with grappling alone .
oliveira now though is a very complete and tricky fighter .
he deserves all the credit for his current run .
a fake place where the original main focus of fear was the fact that it is endless liminal spaces unknowing if you 're ever alone and that at any moment you could accidentally no clip into it by reality 's bad map making
i think xinyan her kit is really strange pyro phys unit and does n't have much value .
sayu is also a contender her design is n't that special and while her rolling is useful in overworld it does n't feel practical in combat
i plugged in the disc for a game and nothings happening .
this post is a rohrshach test to see who lives in forest fire country and who does n't because this is a quick second from being a major tragedy caused by a drunk idiot .
what 's the color of someone 's skin got to do with anything though ?
did one of the other bikers hit the car on the other side that caused the road shrapnel ?
why the heck did i read it as titties .
all i get in this is i that can buy btc and eth blindly and still be fine .
well that certainly did n't take long 4 pitches and the first mistake from spenser watkins .
ah ok i definitely do n't hire without experience and none that i know of they usually do n't have to recruit as theres usually plenty of guys lining up for those gigs .
if you do n't find anything also look into tow companies that do heavy towing and a lot of them will train and that 's how you could get your experience .
how do regular enlistees view those fresh graduates officers ?
do you and other enlistees think it is fair that those graduates can just jump ahead of others with muchmore service time just because they attended those institutions ?
there 's nothing wrong with that people are good at different things and bodies are structured differently .
exactly i am glad you agree that trans women should be allowed to play with cis women .
and no trans men on t would not be allowed to compete with cis women nor would they want to .
and honestly i would love for you to see actual trans people .
i 'm sorry you 're insulted by your own misogyny .
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
this photo was taken immediately after the guy said this is my truck '' .
road rage bully was nice enough to let him take his cigars out of the glove box .
how many of these gacha games have none gaurenteed weapon drops .
on top of other systems to fully awaken and the dupes required to max out their stats .
like everyone just turns a blind eye to their preferred gachas to criticize near identical systems in immortal .
changing the federal reserve act to add a 3rd mandate lending to states/utilities willing to combat climate change .
there were so many good things about the sequels that it actually hurts me how much i wanted to like them
you can also do a manual install to specify what efi/esp partition-directory to use for most distros .
your elderly family members might qualify for meals on wheels food delivery for food-insecure adults over 65 if so they might be able to share some of what they get with you
oh my gosh the grass court smush together is back cool
without counting the graphic card your selection is the same as my own pc your graphic card is more powerful as mine is a rtx 3060 ti .
as my computer is still working since august i would say that your first build will work .
reminder phr4r is not a discussion forum please message the op instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
just return it to her do n't jump out the window and be a fool .
you 'll probably get your ass kicked by your friend and kicked out of the house .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/r4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/r4r is not a discussion forum except for metas .
here 's a convenient link for mobile users pm u/vinnypterodactyl .
for more information see just pm them they know .
this action does not hide this post or affect its visibility or ranking in any way it is simply to prevent comments which are not appropriate .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
ops who wish to enable comments and accept low-effort responses may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
then i 'd start with it in a non-accusatory way .
maybe it 's just a weird time of the month .
if you really think something is there and this continues ?
then next steps would be finding evidence if it exists .
in real life it would just blur out for 5 seconds and turn to a 1 .
rest of the owl '' is about the instructions not including all the steps .
'' serious risk of the substantial and irreversible impairment of a major bodily function '' includes pre-eclampsia inevitable abortion and premature rupture of the membranes may include but is not limited to diabetes and multiple sclerosis
any 10 year old would be at risk of all of these complications due to not having fully grown organs to sustain a pregnancy .
i scrape together whatever i can to get more tickets .
republican politicians have said that it 's not possible to get pregnant from rape .
nobody liked my suggestion of soldiers turkey day to replace the sad '' .
well it 's a good point but it assumes something that we live in a bitcoin world where everyone accepts bitcoin .
since that is n't true and very few places accept bitcoin especially not in poorer countries we run into an issue where bitcoin becomes a useless middleman not a tool here is why
let 's assume you want to send 100k to say someone in africa from the us .
the problem is that you if do n't have bitcoin already and they have no place to spend the bitcoin so they want local currency .
wire the money banking system handles currency conversion for you
find an exchange that will allow you buy 100k worth of bitcoin
recipient finds an exchange that will allow you sell 100k worth of bitcoin good luck in poorer countries
you went from one wire transfer to two wire transfers and two bitcoin exchanges .
until the entire world uses bitcoin directly you will actually run into more friction and more fees by using bitcoin
then why not blame the later chapters for contradicting this panel ?
and how did they afford a house that costs over 1 crore ?
we live in a world where a minions movie beat pixar .
just wanted to say that you get a 5 approximately every 2 months or 3 banners so you have a guaranteed limited character every 6 banners or 3 versions which are 2.8 3.0 and 3.1 and also we know that nahida is n't gon na appear in 3.0 banners or we would have known her kit already .
so if you really waiter for kazuha for a year you could still pull for him and almost guarantee yourself nahida .
thanks for giving me the benefit of the doubt '' whatever that is meant to mean in this context .
or they can make brand new maps weird idea right
i do n't even know how they 'd find out unless you told them .
nature also is n't genetically engineered animals who grow so fast they ca n't support their own weight or produce far more milk than their offspring require or lay far too many eggs at the detriment of their own health .
modern farm animals do not exist in nature they should only exist in dystopian sci-fi novels .
nothing about humans is 'natural ' and even then why would you use lions as an example ?
sure lions way zebras and male lions also murder the children of a potential mate before raping her is that also something humans should do ?
and you 're clearly a l nigga if u ca n't just say wtf is the flaw
they 've been around for a long time but definitely have been made comfortable to read their ugly heads now after we have fought for so long for that type of behavior to be unacceptable .
there 's a member of pbt that brags about their local militia not law enforcement just armed people and encouraging others to start their own militia !
marisa recently did a video the other day about how she ca n't participate in a trend because of the hand signals because of where she 's from .
to me it confirms that she 's trying to low key throw gang symbols and pretend it nothing .
i love when she finishes under her chin little rascals style !
i had a bmw 330e and it was great .
i would love another with more range but to get a new plug in hybrid is the same price as an full batt ev these days .
i am eagerly awaiting the new card releasing in the next 2-5 years .
the thing is that the squats and deadlifts are particularly hard to recover from and assistance doesnt matter that much
the meat of the program is with the mains supplemental
if you want an even approach then do it like for beefcake where u only fill whats missing ie on press day just pull and core and optionally a bit of sl
were you doing 100 in a 30 school zone ?
the 5 half life thing is for actual steroids .
start pct the day after your last dose the serms will work even if there 's still some ostarine left in your body .
yes i do like the kid who went to protect businesses that friends owned because lefty politicians held police back and was attacked despite doing nothing wrong and then he shot a bunch of criminals .
did they forget about the second amendment or do they think everyone is going to put up with their bullshit christian taliban ?
it looks like black should take the queen on g2 and get a knight for the queen .
if you see one in real life it 's not authentic they are only kept in museums ... s
she showed one good month from when she first started of and we do n't know if it was photoshopped probably was it 's been down hill since then she 's too lazy to maintain consistent posts on it ... also her looks are not what they used to be .
kylie has steadily been asking for cashapps she had to get a roommate to help pay the bills at that house she 's selling both vehicles including her recreational ones .
the definition of 'liberal ' has n't actually meant what it 's supposed to mean for decades .
when they get their new stuff sure but i do n't think what they have at the moment is that threatening for a d/d/d pendulum build .
i do n't know which high king the first one is but high king alexander has no negate and high king genghis only negates on your turn .
so that would leave you with high king caesar 's solemn warning effect and siegfried 's one s/t negate which is n't super great .
and swordsoul can get a monster negate+omni-negate on board with 1 or 2 cards which is about just as good and is their worst board .
where do i sign up for one of these classes ?
procrastinating then getting something done last minute sounds great .
i 'd tell myself i would then i just would n't .
at first i was thinking it was pandemic related .
i just can never get over how puljujarvi 's helmet fits
live music was a big part of our bond so i feel his presence at most concerts i go to .
i suspect you 'll have an emotional experience at the puscifer show should you decide to go though i would encourage you to .
my bro and i had tickets to bonaroo 2010 .
for a couple weeks i was unsure whether i would be able to go without him .
it was hard but it was the right thing to do .
i hope you find peace should you decide to attend .
cause none of the words youre pulling out of your arse are making sense
yeah the just want our money to pass you will need to spend 💸💸💸💸
if you are down in shannon county you can get ethanol free gasoline for the same price as premium at mike dazey 's in van buren that has been a big help with small engine carbs in my experience .
i wish they 'd bundle this sub in with the 14 one though i completely understand why they do n't .
would be really interesting to play through a 20 year old mmo .
i do n't even know if the story of ffxi is any good but it 's one of the few mainlines i have n't touched
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallyoutubers if you have any questions or concerns .
all persons 25 and up federally mandated to maintain at least 20-100 hours of refresher college hours per year til retirement .
i 'm a full time uber driver and man i tell you .
i do n't know if it 's a kentucky thing but there are far too many illiterate people in this country .
it 's like they can think as far as go to work get paid put food on the table .
i think a lot of people do n't realize how critical it is to invest a part of your life to break generational poverty and not pass it on .
i 'm just not sure if i 'm cut out for a slow trickle of photos for another 6 months ... have n't got the patience !
it 's fine that your mother 's excited but she ca n't expect that everyone else will be .
my mom gets super excited when one of her cousins ' kids is expecting .
she has to tell me all the details and i honestly do n't care .
i 'm not close to that side of the family so whatever they do is irrelevant to me .
she was a little upset that i do n't care but i told her very nicely and very firmly that i 'm not interested .
sorry if i sound me stupid it just redditard more stupid
just say it 's a good furry hentai and that 's it .
it 's almost as if it does n't answer my question and that 's why when presented with the challenge to quote where it answers my question you refused to do it .
there is no quest to do the whackabox minigame i just played through the chapter and it did n't show up .
but just to try it anyway i did the box minigame again before taking to tifa .
no fourth charm which would be the quest reward if it existed .
hilarious anecdote here one recently said she was from malaysia .
imagine her '' surprise when i answered in malay which i happen to speak !
she '' tried some awkward google translate response then gave up .
clear sky bugged and i was waiting for reinforcements for a couple of hours at the first checkpoint in agroprom .
i made a pile of weapons that i would return fire with and once one was empty i chucked it and sprinted back to the pile for another .
i 'm not sure how many i killed must have 50 though .
our first few trips together we would occasionally bicker typically when we were tired hungry lost confused .
now that we 've been together for a while we can generally roll with the punches and anticipate each other 's needs more and we do n't really bicker .
serves the purpose of a flight sim as far as i 'm concerned .
flying low and fast is usually a recipe for disaster
it was a child abuse case there is at least one adult that should go to prison regardless
i work with 10 foreigners on my team i 'm the only natural born citizen .
the language and culture barrier makes stuff impossible sometimes despite how much i like these folks .
i ca n't fathom that these are the only qualified candidates to work on tech shit in the bay area ... companies been taking serious advantage of our immigration and h1b programs at a ridiculous rate at the expense of us all
i mean there is a clear difference that i can tell between a new gen and old gen i can usually tell what console someone is playing on by fighting them .
they are all .svg icons a part of the 'openweather ' nwg-panel module .
there 's only so many reasons that could cause it to not scrape .
you changed the name of the platform from sega dreamcast '' and did n't set a scrape as '' value .
if you right click your sega dramcast platform and go into edit you can see if it has the scrap as value set correctly .
your games did n't match to a game on the launchbox games db .
you can check this by editing a game and seeing if a launchbox id appears on the right of your title .
if instead you have a search for metadata '' button then there 's your issue .
you can also check in bulk by auditing the platform tools audit and checking the launchbox games database id column .
if your scrape as '' value was not set .
the two reasons this could happen is the file names are too far off the actual name of the game or your scrape as '' value was n't set during import .
sorry man no female on this sub is real if you dm her you 'll already know that .
sorry but bells are pretty bad for both pve and pvp
i love burgers soda and my native country very much but i do not understand our government .
everyone says america is a great country and i look around and see who else is a great china .
we would have such a leader instead of sleeping in negotiations rare hair soft pickle bad memory old beadon .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
if you have money press 1 for immediate assistance if not please enjoy this 40 minute flute solo while you wait then suddenly get mysteriously disconnected ...
you can find plenty of the ses on lots .
this whole 2 party system thing is stupid and dumb and i hate it .
if you say you 're a free thinker and that 's why you do n't follow factual science you are just a fucking idiot and not enough people have told you so .
y'all are exactly why the world is in the downward spiral its in .
you can now join our wholesome discord community server over here .
https discord.gg/qqp7wkx if you just feel like talking want a place to hang out or if you want a more in depth discussion d
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freecompliments if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe they would if they would n't have stopped putting cd players in modern vehicles .
i know everything is pretty much digital now but i grew up with cds as the main music format and i miss it .
i still have a cd book full of music but none of the vehicles we own have a player in it .
i 'm not entirely sure if this was the point of your comment so forgive me but my understanding is you think you get declined because you 're not meta ?
if that 's the point you were trying to make that 's not why .
while brewmaster is by definition not meta the spec is completely fine and generally taken without issue .
i 'm the ceo of a successful it company i tell all my staff to play games over tv like every day .
i can literally see the difference between those who do and do n't .
cole-gammonton is almost enough to make one miss wullie .
not follow a 200 year old outdated piece of paper
not sure where you live but i would look for low priced vet care ... it 's possible to have the animals taken care for cheap ... can you get a roommate ?
yta either your trust this man or you do n't .
stop blaming him for things other people have done .
also with a self-serve station which eliminates one employee from the crew the customer gets to decide how much ice to put in and then gets a refill for the road ... how dare they even have ice nobody should be using ice in their drink !
i have always thought that ta is just trying to predict the future looking at the past .
however i must admit that i 'm completely ignorant in the topic and if you provide some good points i will be delighted to change my mind on ta !
i know i wish these doctors were n't bought into the system it 's sickening .
americas front line doctors has spoken out a lot .
there are a handful of others but hard to find them .
i love to do stuff like this with reaper .
the just best thing to do is to teleport behind a widowmaker and greet them casually then i just watch them turn in panic and shoot them .
yeah dude the work of supporting the us government 's imperialistic policies through force no shit he would n't be willing to do it .
the groan that comes out of my mouth when i see necro ... .but i do love those skeleton tunes 🎶💃
ladies i would love to dive face first into all your delicious holes till you 're a creamy mess making your pussy gush with cum then i would fuck em both till you 've cum so much and so hard neither of you could walk right
i my sister my husband and daughter all suffer from migraines .
my dad knew they were bad since he has seen all of us suffer .
he got his first headache ever and now has even more sympathy .
green sun zenith finale of devastation worldly tutor summoner 's pact etc all become a phantom 1 card combo and work through rule of law to get derevi .
did it come in a box saying it was a refurb ?
mine also had a sticker on the back with some serial number type info
so you do n't respect the enumerated rights of the cotus ?
and he did not only not miss the planet that might sound silly but with the astronomical distances a difference of a single degree can mean tens of thousands of kilometres of error but landed him exactly where he needed .
that is a level of precision that 'd take a room of nasa specialists a complex computer system and hours to days of calculation .
you look like your name 's ricardo and you own a dying laptop repair shop .
please give me stimulants i am neurotypical and can be trusted to just become a junkie .
then you might as well do one for barber shops taco trucks joey gilbert and just saw police what 's going on ? .
well if it makes you feel closer with your mom then wear it and use as a conversation starter .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar and the submission form for information about tagging your submission properly .
if you are attempting to place an ad you need to include the tag selling in the title like this selling my great panties !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fetishlife if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
but it 's just they are ungodly rare with how convoluted it was to get painted versions of them .
so i 'm just looking forward to the increased amount of them so getting a color set is actually feasible
that 's what makes it frustrating it would be easy to accept if we had n't seen refs including probably dickson himself suddenly pivot on interpretations like that .
it 's because i 've been an anime fan for a long time .
during the video i was thinking wait is n't that type of blushing often used to symbolise a crush ?
i recall that the belarusian dictator is an avid putin ass kisser .
you need to be on the schedule 1 or 2 times a week .
you need around 40-50 flights a year to meet minimums .
we try to prioritize m day soldiers with a flight on drill weekends but even then ...
i 'd say almost half my flights get canceled due to aircraft or weather .
so you need to be on the schedule 1 or 2 times a week .
can you manage that an a career 2.5 hours away ?
also getting goggle time in the summer will lead to some late nights .
last year it was revealed that content involving n*zis was allowed and apparently it used to allow content involving minors .
i assure you it 's been a lot longer than that
lmao this is so random but do n't want this to happen .
i wo n't say the fandoms have bad relationship since we do n't really interact but i got ta say this will have bad reaction😭
i 'm thinking if you posted this on kpopthoughts i 'm pretty sure it would be downvoted to hell by stays .
i think it 's just shifting production to more r4p and bz for now .
the pp is picking up traction again well all hybrids in general because of higher gas prices .
do u think its worth to use uj synth card on naruto to get his 2k barrage to lvl 2-3 so i have a chance to complete the boss fight ... ?
it makes sense cos in my understanding anxiety is an emotion just like fear or love or hate .
the only way to make it go away is bare it
i 've seen people sitting down on the ground in front of the group misson thing .
from his stats looks like he 's already accomplished the weight loss
yes despite the awful 5th law .. i do n't think it 's a good constitution but still better than the 2014 one that blocked everything
all posts must be tagged appropriately f m/f for example .
please review our rules regarding tags and then post again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewildgbuk if you have any questions or concerns .
this community is focused on important or vital information and high-effort content .
please make sure your post follows the rules https www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/about/rules ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=usertext utm_name=ukraine utm_content=t5_2qqcn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukraine if you have any questions or concerns .
do you mean to pull the cord on a push mower ?
if your boomer ass calls a landscape company and ask for a lawn crew you have a very high chance that they crew showing up is going to be under 40 .
like we 're not strong in politics or economic assets but we 're the ones running trade and service jobs in america right now .
we are mechanics electricians farmers welders etc.. maybe your over entitled kids are spoiled and useless but this generation is far from it .
hello i 'm a reddit bot who 's here to help people nicely format their coding questions .
this makes it as easy as possible for people to read your post and help you .
i think i have detected some formatting issues with your submission
python code found in submission text that 's not formatted as code .
if i am correct please edit the text in your post and try to follow these instructions https www.reddit.com/r/learnpython/wiki/faq wiki_how_do_i_format_code.3f to fix up your post 's formatting .
reply to this comment or raise an issue here https github.com/0hughman0/pyredditformatbot/issues .
also abusive physically mentally and emotionally to both me and my oldest she would do it to her while i was at work .
when i found out about my daughter she was actually at her ap 's house .
i discovered the a and the abuse the same day .
she did n't try for custody and by day 3 my 6 and 9 year old little girls were almost acting normal .
now many years later i 'm remarried to the best woman in the world and both daughters are in healthy relationships .
xww is still still with ap miserable continually cheating on him .
might be crass to say after stewart last week but we are absolutely missing some ruthlessness this game .
sanju in the commentary box while jadeja is bringing up his first overseas ton iconic .
ahhh ok one last question if u used the valve index
and it turns out u do n't like it .
when you claim that going vegan does n't make a difference then this is what you have to claim .
get verified in less than 60 seconds here https www.reddit.com/r/repbudgetsneakers/comments/tyran5/comment_here_to_get_verified_on_new_posting
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/repbudgetsneakers if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah that 's what i am saying after awhile campers find way to exploit parts of the map and then it is just a sweat fest and is no fun anymore .
it 's reductionist because you 're fighting a strawman holy fuck no one argues that you 're directly controling the behaviour of others '' you 're just influencing them which is your literal job otherwise you would n't make money and you 're influencing them in the worst possible way .
damn that 44 looked great at first and then i seen 58 miles ... uh nope .
super light weight but hydrating waater drop type moisturizer .
just to update i ordered bromantane and it 's most definitely bromantane tastes like bromantane etc .
i automatically assume the worst about someone flying an american flag from their vehicle .
thank u i tried really hard to match the leak video xd
it 's almost like native hawaiians can be normal people not bound by cultural stereotyping .
people hate father because that was the way he was written .
that 's the way all of fallout 4 was written .
1 there are no good guys '' with power .
everyone with power thinks they are doing right in their mind but are messed up in several ways .
that way there is no clear good faction '' but all have pros and cons creating more diverse choices for the player .
the institute and directly linked father falls in that category .
personally i agree with the argument that the institute/father has the lack of any morality regarding innocent lives .
the same can be said perhaps to a lesser degree but still present about the bos railroad etc and their leaders .
as deacon puts it everyone will give self righteous and give you their own patented brand of self agrandizibg and bull .
2 the writers also want to create dilemmas regarding the central themes explored in the game .
to cause a reaction and a dilemma for the player .
you start off naturally liking and missing your son and go searching for him cause he 's your kid but then you meet him and realize he 's a doichebag/kinda .
would you stick with family even if family did horrible things ?
what if everyone in the world that mattered was also doing horrible things would you revise your previous opinion ?
considering you did not raise shaun up to what point is family family '' ?
ask dima and nick that question another point of tension created .
the granularity of these two points for why people hate father have already been said by other posts here .
the pre war world was rotten to the core and post war everyone that matters is out for themselves to survive and those that deviate from that get trampled on .
also welcome to reddit where discussion barely matters and likes/dislikes are based on how aligned you are with the broad popular opinion .
they do n't sell online i was told that is was made local .
and remember to look at the gains too bitch .
if someone ghosts me i do no harm i wish no ill but i will never trust again .
you do n't just get to stomp on it and waltz back in like nothing happened .
respecting myself means peacefully walking away from people who treat me badly .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
i crawl as fast as i can with the energy left in me after you throw me to the ground .
haha i 'd like to imagine some swiss guy went around naming everything after the lake
i 've never met a kid named clarissa clark e kent kenneth charles eugene or barbara they all always seem to be adults
i 've always kinda felt the reason the universal pass has who it has is because they had a big feeling they would n't do another one .
throw out the ones that have the most support .
it 's like if support stopped they 'd be happy they could add who they added .
i feel if they do have a second season pass squidward and zuko are in there no question though they 'd probably be better for an improved sequel .
i feel a third would have to be from an unrepresented property .
it 'd be a good excuse to bring in timmy or el tigre .
some usually collect titan as an eye candy try to get yourself as much titan as possible or might as well make a new game with a twist challenge of your own like 1 hand only gameplay salvage only zero accident be a trade empire explore the whole systems without refueling speedrun protect the king use crate as main ship and strong ship as the follower or any challenge you deem fit to beat
commenters pretending large boobs dont adhere to the laws of physics so they can dunk on op 's work in progress
canon and sony will be battling back and forth for a long time .
it just depends on what body you prefer to hold .
do you like the way a sony camera feels or do you like the way a canon camera feels ?
neither canon or sony seem to launch cameras at the same time so you 'll have sony release a new one one year canon the next year and with each year they will get a little bit better .
the only thing i think that sony will do better than canon is sensor technology .
i just feel like sony is on the cutting edge of sensor designs megapixels and they are researching curved sensors .
if you enjoy reading the book by michael crichton is fantastic .
scarborough is thankful they 're not shitted on as much as brampton
nta look op it really does n't matter in the grand scheme of things what other people think .
sure arguments good arguments can be made from both sides of the aisle .
but there are n't really any arguments that can change the way you feel .
and doing a charitable act against your fiber does n't make you feel any different .
sure you 'll go down in family history as the sister who was unwilling to help but only if they last a lifetime .
so all this bs to tell you to do whatever you feel is right and do n't ignore your own feelings .
it seems there are plenty of people around you who are willing to ignore them for you .
a few years ago i lost my grandmother mom² to pancreatic cancer when she was just 72 .
when i was just an infant my parents would drop me off to my grandmother so they could go to work .
i can not thank her enough for practically raising until i was like 3 .
my advice is to call her regularly and ask how she 's doing and thank her for what she did .
when you wait until she 's gone it 's too late and you ca n't go back .
yes you are still a hot mom and you look more like you were born in 1999
if you would like that sweet verified sexy flair which gets more attention from members then check out our verification process here .
https www.reddit.com/r/sexy/wiki/index/verification verified users are also automatically entered in the contest to have their photo in featured spot located in the sidebar about tab in the app .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexy if you have any questions or concerns .
you need not feed anything till the fry are free swimming for at least a day .
infusoria is not quite necessary for most angel and cichlid fry due to their relatively large size .
but it can help nourish slow starters for a couple of days .
you may try feeding small amounts of the yolk of a hard boiled egg as well as yeast powder .
for live food newly hatched brine shrimp or microworms for about 8-12 days is fine .
izzy soo good fighters do n't want to fight him .
she later joined nasa astronaut program as a regular member and flew a shuttle mission as a mission specialist .
i guess some people like that kind of workflow ?
i do think the unison supersaws sounds better than most including vital
why do n't you just invite a third person to drink and spend the night as well .
then all three of you can camp out in your room so there are no misunderstandings .
someone else pointed it out earlier but natasha contacting op 's gf about the sleeping arrangements was n't cool or innocent more of weird flex .
a third party being present will nip this in the butt .
perhaps one of op 's girlfriend 's male friends ?
you never know they may hit it off with natasha .
if people fought izzy like they fought silva he would n't be
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
i always watch izzys fights but am never excited to watch them .
i play about 1 ranked game per day to clear dailies so it 's perfect for my level of time commitment .
honestly indian pace attack has never looked as intimidating or scary in terms of their builds but damn have they been exceptional in the last 4-5 years
he 'll be the final piece but he 'll be displayed elsewhere in my collection !
some of the buses have usb outlets next to every seat .
get a bit the size of the hole but a bit smaller .
drill out the complete old screw until you reach bolt length .
i like to rethread from there using whatever size bolt .
i always get nowhere with those bits and end up messing the threads so that 's my take !
i think a plan b pill after a rape and subsequently a rape kit is standard fare .
the person dosent seem to be blaming the 10yo .
but if the rape happened there would've/should 've been a rape kit completed and some police work that followed .
it seems to me they are intimating that none of this happened and it 's a propaganda story .
i do n't care what your beliefs are and i mean that wholeheartedly .
but 6 weeks if there was a rape kit there should 've been a plan b pill .
not on the 10yo to deal with they would 've done that at the hospital .
damn south indian walo ko bezzat kar diya 😂 your own women are cucking you
that 's like getting the word basketball tattooed on you because you like basketball lol
i see what you 're trying to say but that 's the thing it 's not what we expect .
honestly 200 250 chins in the abyss should sort you that 's what i did myself hcim too went by super quick using a rune crossbow offhand and grey chins .
it 's kinda weird how romantic movies have tropes in them that are absolutely not romantic whatsoever in real life .
once saw an indian movie where the dude does everything to ruin this one girls career and then threatens her with a gun at the end of the movie .
i have no idea why they thought it was a good way to write it like that .
i love the fact that i can talk to anyone about anything and people find me interesting and intriguing but i hate the fact that people keep talking to me ...
easy to use pan and cake was delicious according to my kids but they eat anything 😂 .
there 's a recipe for icing and frosting in the insert too but it 's so hot outside today i needed to escape my kitchen .
jared 's finally putting up a good fight and they are to busy sucking izzy 's dick to notice lol
just hearing the ka-fucking-boom 4 times in quick succession as the body ragdolls after the second shot is how i get high on adrenaline .
sir your pants are falling ... let me pull them down further🧎🏻‍♂️
several us states do perform castration on sex offenders as a term of parole/release .
i seriously wanted to name my first son seven but my wife just laughed at me .
she then realized i was serious and told me how stupid she thought it was .
right but bush never said this when he announced his candidacy when mexico sends its people they 're not sending their best .
... they 're sending people that have lots of problems and they 're bringing those problems with us .
trump used racist dogwhisles all the time in a way unprecedented in modern american politics .
to this day idk how that 's can even be up for debate .
not to mention she has allowed at least 2 separate men into her life and given them access to aubrey who have been arrested for sex crimes against minors .
you can use it at night twice a week .
it 's ok to use it with the toner since there 's just one extract in it .
i think my list that i have i can honestly wait .
it 's that they assume a functioning democracy which we no longer have
take into consideration what time her second dose would be and if she 'd be able to take it on time if she were to take it at a certain time .
anytime i remember that i almost took out a loan to buy bitcoin at around 55k i just laugh at myself lol
they look like the assholes that were in north idaho the other week .
rain water flooding sewage systems is n't a particularly unique issue .
the stress on this system is fairly unique though .
it appears as though it was designed to service about half the people it is currently servicing .
so it 's busting at the seems for normal service and they do n't really have room to upgrade .
so the fix appears to be a massive sewage drain that facilities can overflow into instead of the river .
the pipe then carries it to other areas where they can process it .
i do think it 's worth saying that the system is at its limit but rain can be exponentially worse as far as capacity than regular sewage capacity .
to help illustrate there is a huge difference between the amount of water in the street during a good storm and the amount of water you use when you flush a toilet .
the biggest reason i mention the stress on the system is to point out how crunched they are for local resources and how long overdue the upgrade is .
i 'm posting this late so it 's gon na die but please tell me your weird fluffy candy ideas and maybe i 'll draw one .
lorsqu'on s'adresse à des enfants on dit maman ou papa .
lorsqu'on s'adresse à des ados/adultes on dira plutôt père et mère .
before he cheats will have the whole bar screaming at the top of their lungs .
always a fun time and everyone knows carrie even country music haters .
friends in low places is a good one too !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
in the same boat not sure if i 'm on the spectrum or not but i struggle with socializing .
i rarely click with people and i hate small talk .
to make things worse i live in a foreign country so there 's a language barrier which i should be working on along with my social skills .
as others have said find a hobby and socialize and do n't look for excuses .
being on the spectrum is a challenge you can work around it .
do n't kill yourself bro life is a gift even if this existence feels like shit and pointless find a purpose it 's not easy but do n't turn to suicide .
you 'd leave a huge mess behind and there 's loads of fun things to do .
think of it this way you 'll die anyway one day or another so you might as well make the most of it while you 're still here .
i recently re-gripped my whole set with those as well .
still making some small swing adjustments but overall much better .
i was thinking either all tomorrows warhammer or red faction
haha joke 's on you if it really was a phising there was nothing in my computer to steal nothing is saved all email is inputed manually also even if there was my hardware is incompatible with all of the current malware .
i would take jokic for maxey as a sixers gm ... . granted thus is only because we have the only center in the league who is better than him on our team .
in a vacuum yes i make that trade but with context of our team and jojo being the better player overall than jokic no matter what bs narrative the rest of the nba tries to push .
end of the day though i take into cciunt maxeys age current contract how cheap it is and how well he 's shown he can improve year in and year out down the line take him over alot of similar caliber players abd even a couple who might be a little better than maxey is currently but are older/have lower ceilings and are n't the amazingly bice pers9n and crazy hard worker that tyrese is .
the only events op named where joyce faints '' are large family events and that seems pretty sketch and attention seeking .
i wish death on many people for many serious reasons but sometimes it 's just be this kind of shit too
i sold the shroud before i ever put it on tbh i 'll just ride with my bump and a pair of eyeglasses .
the old days where you had to backup erase and restore are gone .
as long as you have a connection to wi-fi or cellular and can connect to apple servers your phone will be unlocked .
it 's not something that i dislike '' but now that everyone on the internet has pointed it out they 're going to lean into the will being gay storyline so hard .
sure let me know the volumes you want any how your looking to spend i usually charge the lowered price on ebay btw .
hair looks great dude looks like you still have plenty of years to go before it 's time if it even comes to it .
and real communism still would n't have been tried yet
i actually called the dr office because they never called me back and it had been 3 1/2 weeks .
i asked receptionist if my biopsy results were back and as she took my info and looked me up she said yes it says here you have hodgkin 's lymphoma would you like me to ask the doctor for a referral to one of our oncologists ? ''
i know this isnt abt him but we all know
my move is just to be the person in the friend group who dresses the most androgynously/generally all over the place gender presentation wise but then i insist on she/her pronouns because this has always been my style .
i get asked about it a ton and always just shrug and say i 've always felt like there is plenty of room in womanhood for someone like me. seems to break some brains and generally nbs seem to shy away from talking at me about vague gender feelings after that .
i 've even had people tell me oh that 's really cool or show a lot of curiosity about it in a positive way it 's led to some really fruitful/thoughtful discussions .
i think sometimes the urge is to assign a lot of seriousness to something that the other person is treating as a form of play/whimsy .
so i make it clear that i do n't take anything seriously and that relaxedness is what makes way for more meaningful dialogue .
if you 're willing and safely able to pay him back that does n't seem like leeching to me .
has all the streaming services will get a girl wet for sure
it does n't matter someone who wants to steal camera gear does n't give a shit .
121 5 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vov3be/fresh_video_joey_bada_where_i_belong 91 fresh video 93 joey bada where i belong https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xoztqxnlcw8 sp https open.spotify.com/track/1pwy8opvfft7cmnpnpaw7o am https music.apple.com/us/album/where-i-belong/1632269854 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1808289357 sc https soundcloud.com/joeybadass/where-i-belong yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xoztqxnlcw8 ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=n9k5fjtaexw feature=share
108 16 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vnj7mz/fresh_video_gucci_mane_all_dz_chainz_feat_lil_baby 91 fresh video 93 gucci mane all dz chainz 40 feat .
lil baby 41 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=p1tqr-tztjc sp https open.spotify.com/track/6f8ns2g21rnel7gng4wjvt am https music.apple.com/us/album/all-dz-chainz-feat-lil-baby/1632054134 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1806458997 sc https soundcloud.com/lil-baby-4pf/anyway-feat-2-chainz-gucci yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=p1tqr-tztjc ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=udioojqowlq feature=share
87 10 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vl80q1/fresh_video_tobe_nwigwe_round_here_part_two_ft 91 fresh video 93 tobe nwigwe 124 round here 40 part two 41 ft .
82 6 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vorkvj/fresh_video_jhope_bts_more_official_music_video 91 fresh video 93 j-hope 40 bts 41 more 40 official music video 41 https youtu.be/pkdbfeewzye sp https open.spotify.com/track/4xkxphkh76w4znpkgfs5o2 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1809022817 yt https youtu.be/pkdbfeewzye ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=ykoaxdrdgdm feature=share
69 6 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/voc3pf/fresh_video_fivio_foreign_queen_naija_whats_my 91 fresh video 93 fivio foreign queen naija what 's my name ft. coi leray https youtu.be/p4bjm__jyze sp https open.spotify.com/track/5m4tmhr7wqqgxelja7ltoq am https music.apple.com/us/album/whats-my-name-feat-coi-leray/1617161806 sc https soundcloud.com/whitney-momanyi-205882210/whats-my-name-queenmix yt https youtu.be/p4bjm__jyze ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=hwchi18f-du feature=share
48 2 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vnrzg0/fresh_video_kaycyy_annahstasia_hold_you_up 91 fresh video 93 kaycyy amp annahstasia hold you up https youtu.be/mh8s75onvmo
37 3 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vngndh/fresh_video_elcamino_x_38_spesh_money_in_the 91 fresh video 93 elcamino x 38 spesh money in the mattress 40 prod .
by harry fraud 41 40 elcamino 3 41 https youtu.be/w6t08rgk31u sp https open.spotify.com/track/3wfuycj1koy3hyevl9lh2h am https music.apple.com/us/album/money-in-the-mattress/1623416648 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1747495617 sc https soundcloud.com/meechlife/money-in-the-mattress yt https youtu.be/w6t08rgk31u ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=szycnqbpqp8 feature=share
i just saw op get downvoted for defending a creator who made content before youtube .
people actually ca n't even conceive of a time before monetization of the internet .
guess what children we used to make shit just for the fun of it .
you could turn to the internet in amazement and go wan na watch some fucking drag race videos ? ''
of course there 's drag race videos now you get paid for every fucking view over 10 minutes .
but back then.. this guy just loved drag racing .
💖🥹 the color looks amazing on you but the real stunning part is your smile and the happy spark in your eyes !
hmmm during that time i was probably a 31ish .
i have one for sale if you 're interested 10 ship
you have to start your post title with blursed ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blursed_videos if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly the angle change is a better view of the property .
someone already said ammo i would say a very decent amount of food storage like well more than you would need to sustain for a while and fresh water as well they would probably be a decent form of trading
and before people say well then cops just would n't arrest anyone without rock-solid proof !
but that 's hard work ca n't be having that on a sunday !
i do n't think they want to say that because they do n't want any nato or eu countries to say they caused a conflict if russia invaded them
does anyone know what he called alex in portuguese after his fight ?
better question why would a unicorn burn you in hell for disobeying the same leprechaun he disobeyed ?
you should learn to aim and not use them at all
i 'd love to help you two enjoy your holiday .
close enough to guaranteed that i lt should n't matter anyways .
i think i 've had that happen once before but only once .
nets from all reports i 've seen the bets are n't taking anything but rw and a pick or two .
also i 'm glad i may have motivated you to get back to your run .
not to mention the thought of jimmysea having a kissing scene like bad buddy rooftop is would just make me die ! ! !
not many countries can come close to the uk in those .
if this is a medical emergency please call emergency services as soon as possible !
disclaimer the information provided on this subreddit is for educational purposes only and does not substitute for professional medical advice .
we strongly advise you to consult a medical professional or healthcare provider if you 're seeking medical advice diagnoses or treatment .
anyone providing advice on this subreddit is not liable for risks or issues associated with using or acting upon the information provided .
please make sure you have included in your post your country of residence age sex race height weight diagnosed medical conditions prescriptions or supplements and dosages drug use including marijuana smoking status duration of complaint the issue you 've been having and your specific question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
it works great as a sweetener for salad dressing .
it can be drizzled into yogurt/parfait or used to make homemade granola .
it can also be used for making glazes for various pork dishes .
as a canadian i 've realized that a lot to me is very different than to other people haha .
how is it possible to be so ignorant about taxation ?
when they thawed arnold out all he had was a cold .
i skipped a grade and the people in there being 2-3 years older than me starting picking on me man .
luckily covid dropped and i was able to get away and develop myself for 2 years .
right now in 2022 im about to graduate high school and im feeling fantastic
definitely something that would be good to show to a 3-4th grade girls health class .
i feel like that 's all it was made for otherwise as a man it was a little weird to watch
aight everyone i 'm starting my own uber service it 's called fuber instead of an uber you call or text my phone number and arrange a pick up and i 'll be there to drive you to your location .
it 's literally just me so be patient and i do n't charge extra just cover gas and throw in extra on top and we gucci
who the fuck still pays cash for shit anymore ?
honestly if you 're complaining because of two cents you 're in a big heap of financial trouble .
if you 're complaining just for the principal of your two cents you 're a twat .
gold has actually done fairly well 35 bucks an ounce 50 years ago ... ..1800 today .
and has been around 5k years by nearly all societies on earth even unconnected .
do not mention gold in the same sentence as buttcoins .
gold is gold and yes it will certainly be valuable long after we are both gone .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.imgur.com/llpgqat.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
it makes sense that bodies teleport but no other inanimate objects can .
i mean if i got tagged in someone 's post i 'd watch it too her watching it does n't confirm anything tbh
you may also want to consider getting a second opinion from a specialist rather than returning to the same vet .
which is why most religions stress fellowship with other believers to iron out confusion
impeachment just need removal motion in parliament from 100 lok sabha member or 50 rajya sabha member .
there are more steps but it does not require 2/3 .
just need 1/3 of 303 or more than 1/2 of 92 .
in my opinion they 're one of the least attractive race of women out there yet are the most entitled and egotistical .
so many of their inflated egos is contributed by western hyper-sexualization of afs .
otherwise i do n't understand the objectification behind their appearances .
europeans love to talk about racism in america and then literally talk for ten minutes about how violence and hatred towards romani is justified while dropping the g-psy thing as many times as they can just so you know how much they 're hated .
i thought i could just take the prograde angle and add pi but not so for some reason .
i mean you can call it over compensating if you want .
they pop out in a square around the rock .
i get your point ... but comparing apples to apples are there any better brushed tools out there than milwaukee ?
yes i just booked a flight for my first vacation in 20 years
got it as low as mid 50 's but mostly low 60 's .
this was after food and while munching on things like peanuts .
but had hypo 's since my 20 's if i did n't eat .
the token xrp is positioned to be the preferred medium of exchange for these banks .
just wondering what makes it preferred over using the tech but starting a new token .
and what assurances are in place that ripple wo n't create more xrp ?
his msp route might be good too i 'm not sure .
former vp and senator for decades sounds like someone that 's qualified to be a president .
but no i would n't vote for someone who fundamentally wants different things as me over someone i think may not be good at the job or that i did n't vote for in the primary .
better in the playoffs but yes he 's been a net negative player for a couple of years now .
while i love the whole story behind joshua chamberlain and the 20th maine their role in the battle may not been a decisive one .
had the confederate forces actually managed to break through and take little round top it was always doubtful they could hold it considering the size of their forces in that sector .
the civil war podcast did an episode about this in their coverage of gettysburg .
sometimes being comic accurate is not enough to be called as the best version .
you need to do certain changes to elevate the character mr freeze for example would probably be forgotten by now if btas did n't took him to another level .
while jack nicholson 's joker is definitely iconic i do n't think it did enough to elevate the character like heath ledger did .
heath ledger 's joker feels like a mix of first apperance joker and tkj joker crazy and calculated but his craziness actually have a point instead of just being crazy for the sake of it .
that 's what happens if you do n't take drugs .
in high school i was going to go on a field trip for my forensics class and we were told to form groups so i formed a group of three with my best friend and another buddy who 's trans .
before going the school said they needed to make sure me and my best friend 's parents were okay with us bunking with a trans person .
luckily it was out senior year and we were 18 and did n't need permission so we said it was fine and all was dandy .
the trip got cancelled due to covid-19 later anyways but it was so stupid that they treated him like he was a threat simply because he 's trans .
as a non american can someone tell me what the fuck is going on this time in america ?
oh i do n't think it 's that serious at all .
it 's just one more setting among many customizable settings on phones like the wallpaper .
i currently have a picture of my grandmother as my wallpaper .
before that i had a picture of the city where i went to high school .
i do n't hate whatever colors apple set as the default wallpaper ...
i just put up something different when i was setting up my phone .
definitely not something anyone needs to seek help for .
except the br does n't state that does it .
and given its in the section on wearing a beret in general .
kabhi kabhi dimaag se naa soch ke dil se sochna is better .
as an american chances are i 've had more paid time off at every job i 've had for the past 10 years than most .
my last job i got 6 weeks paid vacation a week of flexible use however i want then 2 weeks of sick plus 3 months paternity .
my new job is unlimited pto and my boss is always telling me to take time off to relax .
i know it 's easy to pick on americans in reddit but i honestly have n't seen a dev position offer anything but unlimited pto in a year and a half .
i used to be a certified sports massage therapist .
i 'd love to be pinned down and dominated by you .
i 've daydreamed about this constantly since i was 11 .
it 's usually a concrete person because i 'm always in love with someone .
i 've never been in a relationship irl though .
there 's still tons of stuff i have only seen interpreted through the simpsons .
this is particularly true for most of the shakespeare they 've done .
yeah he was on the run and using muggle houses as a way to hide .
i 'd paint the vanity the same color as the walls .
i think the two tone look on the vanity could work here if you wanted to just paint the fronts or to bring in another color .
i would stay with soft tans for the shower curtain and bathmat if you 're going with solids or you could incorporate muted pale blue cranberry or an aqua blue-green .
i think white would be too stark in here and would draw attention .
if you do a search for muted green pink palette you 'll get a lot of suggestions i feel like these colors are popular at weddings .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
the condom balloon one originally happened because my foot lives in my mouth most of the time lol but it turns out it 's a handy way to end conversations .
rather dick grayson a character that 's been around longer than wonder woman .
kind of makes me think only two characters are safe '' .
bro that 's 200 here in the good ok 🇺🇸 right now .
the vast majority of casual college football fans follow blue bloods and top25ish teams .
as a longtime lover of the sport i appreciate regional rivalries and what smaller schools bring to the game but most people who watch the game do n't really care about that stuff .
spineless twat troll deleted his post before i could see it
rock sling if you 're a mage with summons does it pretty quick !
and the cost of giving them a free home in seattle is nearly ten times that .
and that 's not even including the services for them nor does it protect the public from them .
everywhere no one cares a fire 's spreading and no one wants to speak about it '' 🤘 love that line and love this song .
if i see a single hive scorn cabal or fallen during the potential fall of the last city then i 'll literally break down .
that being said i would n't be surprised if after escaping the pyramid blockade there 's a secondary hive fleet preventing our allies from helping out and i do expect xivu to take center stage after the fall '' part of lightfall .
hopefully this wo n't result in her death but simply being sent to the backstory planet for a post-saga dlc .
she did n't need to be in the saga anyway .
also there are no more travelers unless we start pulling from extra timelines .
info you knew about the family gathering in advance .
why was n't that built into your original plans ?
study intensely for 25 minutes then take a quick 5 minute break .
repeat 3 times then take a longer 20-30 minute break .
do this as much as possible over the next week in order to retain the most information possible .
i think i 've read about tests with longer infusion times .
if i asked for my next dosage to be given over eg 1.5 hours instead of 45 minutes would there be a noticeable effect ?
not that i think this is likely i 'm sure my clinician needs that room for someone else .
kirk was absolutely a jerk for saying that to your daughter .
those two can figure out housing on their own .
social anxiety can take a toll on a person with so many people around .
lmao the damage was n't even the factor that cost him the victory .
i at the end think it 's like ... it 's difficult .
it 's canon because rowling considers that like canon .
the answer ca n't be money she could allow that without her canon permission .
answer is probably that in cc are points that are actually canonical .
albus in slytherin his friendship with scorpius probably voldemort 's daugther and dark au ... also new type of slytherin hero who is doing good things for his own glory .
i think we ca n't say that those things are wrong because it perfects fits into canon ...
however we have there also cedrik 's death eater new type of time turners the scene in train what we do n't speak about ...
we can cleary see that rowling gave ideas canonical facts but writers used freedom and rule of laugh/drama .
i think that for many people do not feel cc good because rowling actually did not write this .
she is good writter and she gave us amazing world with incredibly atmosphere .
with some mistakes in lore and characters it 's like bomb .
i think that rowling did not realized how seriously will people take that .
she maybe really wanted to give us some new canonical informations ... but it went wrong .
ur so bad i have a full inventory a piggy bank safe and defenders forge and void bag full with platnum in journey mode
it 's so weak that it 's not even noticeable .
the way i see it the number of times was just a guess and did n't really matter .
the important part is that he knew hayato had figured out the time loop that he knew how things would go and had made a plan to attack him all things that stem from each other and imo it made sense for him to realize based on his behaviour and besides kira is paranoid .
then he figured that if he had done that it must 've taken at least four loops .
it was used to show that he was very perceptive but overall did n't matter to the story .
under that is return due or return received of 4/15
thanks for posting in r/kikroleplay and being part of reddit 's roleplay community !
we are incredibly happy to have you here and hope you enjoy your time !
we have a new growing discord with an active community !
we love each and every one of you as long as you 're not a ghoster ⩺_⩹ and hope you enjoy the vibes !
the subreddit has an official discord server to help you find partners that prefer to post/look on discord .
it 's a place to hang out meet and chat casually with other rpers and post your ads .
the discord has giveaways a fast growing community of active posters a bad rp stories channel and we 're adding more as we grow .
if you have suggestions there is a channel for that too !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
what if lack of federal power is the reason for corporate capture occuring as you describe ?
i ca n't imagine the amount of ordinance that was used to create such a wasteland .
modified jungle edge is still in 1.18 except it got renamed to sparse jungle .
it seems you are posting from a new account !
posts by new accounts are removed at the moment in an attempt to decrease spam .
thank you for understanding please do not message the mods asking for the specific time period as this will not be disclosed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
hi i 'm a 15m i have whatsapp and i can do voice msgs but i also get anxious on call unless i really know the person i 'm talking to
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
you might also want to check our other title requirements before you attempt to resubmit .
if you have further questions please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/historyporn subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/calbert1735 message submission https www.reddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/vqp7z5/a_trumpeting_elephant_in_ceylon_now_sri_lanka .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/historyporn if you have any questions or concerns .
they are loud annoying bad for the environment traumatizing for domestic animals wildlife and people with anxiety ptsd neurodivergence etc .
there is not one single benefit and many many downsides .
it 's an annoying perk not a strong perk similar to blast mine
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/2philippines4u/comments/vq7kyy/philipines_slander_you_guys_know_that_slader 32 32
uhm well now i have simps so that 's something lol
slightly older group and more slice of life but it is in a school setting .
really i 'd recommend almost everything by drew hayes .
yeah i 've lost a lot of friends and my relationship with my family is strained .
the people who matter are in my life though and i 'm so much happier than i ever was drinking .
it 's hard but you get through it and move forward .
every time i talk about the horrible violent things that happened in my old district with no consequences ever for the students ' people are shocked .
we coddle the most violent students with extra chances and 'positive behavior plans ' while other students walk around in terror every day .
we let students wander the halls and then act shocked when they pull fire alarms or cause mass disruptions through violent threats .
we only preach 'teacher visibility while the admin laugh in their offices and ignore the referrals .
look i agree putting them in an alternative school is n't a good solution for most students but to ignore all problems and hope they will go away style of administration needs to end .
it makes hell for the teachers on the front-end .
actually been using it since high school it was only when i got to a different gym did i learn that some dudes not use it due to it being a woman 's machine also the gym that i 'm going to for the next 5 months has a hip thrust machine which i am also using .
i did it for both the adrenaline high because it felt great in the moment and because everything felt numb at that point so twice as much and it was punishment for my actions and my mistakes
i 'm gon na get flak for this but i really wish that album was well received from that get go only because i 've been underwhelmed from their output lately .
i know a lot of their fans enjoy let 's rock and even dropout boogie but i think they 've been playing a bit too safe after some of the criticism of turn blue
but my friend just applied for his tn and i was helping out with the process .
they 're pretty adamant on getting a printed copy .
what my friend did was print it out in colour and delivered it to them and it seemed to workout for him .
that came out really really good i can tell you put a lotta effort into it and it paid off !
hopefully my dark ritual count dooku will turn out half as good as your inquisitors by the time i get around to it lol .
they likely going to dump him anyway in whatever they working on with kd
now i got come from away in my head from this .
that 's way too much for a flip 5 try using 5 volts 1-3 amps charger 5-15w
nobody cries for the bacteria killed by a lysol wipe ...
try floss with a small-single knot tied into it .
the knot can grab stuff that the flat side of floss might miss
i tell you the muppet puppeteer work nowadays is so realistic
wilson fun fact is a self described rockefeller republican who ran for gov this year and got 15 in the primary .
it would be interesting to see a hochul v wilson race .
to the person you 're chastising for asking why you care this post makes you sound like a bitter betty .
so the fuck what they want to sell it at a price people do n't want to pay .
the stupid person is n't the seller it 's the buyer .
the seller wants to get 60 for it and is willing you wait .
you do n't know the circumstances of the seller and why they are selling it for that price .
greedy or just trying to make back what they paid for it .
the buyer who pays this is obviously not someone who looks around to research this .
your post actually tells me you do n't understand sellers and buyers markets .
like cock mountain pointed out it could go up and it could go down .
you should study up on economics and how buy and demand works as well as those sellers who use key words in their titles to beat the search alogrythm .
is a valid question because it seems like you care a bit too much and are mad the seller would n't sell it to you for what amazon was charging when you messaged them saying i can buy it on amazon for 22 . ''
mehrileh is a minority language in danzilona specifically in the islands we claim east of the mainland if you count that .
if he tanks the sox it 's a fuckin win
there was a camera angel that showed the finger go right into the eye and then slide up .
unreal how much people love to hate and come up with theories .
check out my onlyfans on 6 and see my amazing 4k content https onlyfans.com/lexxi_fans https onlyfans.com/lexxi_fans
if there 's one man who 's sure of himself it 's the christian nationalist in florida wearing long sleeves and shorts like he 's honoring a bet he lost .
my mother was with verizon home pots for 20 years .
i was on optimum originally ported to basic talk then to magic jack about 4 years ago .
why in the fuck is just about every new show about some boring ass guy with no personality surrounded by girls that love '' him for no reason ?
do you guys ever get tired of this neckbeard shit ?
she claimed in a dutch talk show that she donated the full amount .
he broke his vows and divorced her he does not deserve the privilege of living in her home .
i would n't trust this man to care for your mother anyways .
they are divorced idk why you did n't make him leave in the first place when your mothers name is the only one on the deed .
this looks a lot like a mustang but might be a more modern version than i 'm familiar with .
i know wilson came out with a tiny 1911 9 mm a few years back as well .
more like truth filter is up and running just fiiine
i do n't mind pedro not being able to continue shit happens in a fight but do n't try to milk a dq lmao
i know someone who collects anime statues and they still have the gall to buy funko pops .
i live in my brother and sil house so i would pay off their mortgage and then i would do some traveling since i have n't had a vacation in over 30 years .
do n't love their food but i 'll try the nachos .
the fact or state of belonging to a social group that has a common national or cultural tradition . ''
all jews have a shared culture with each other even if there are differences in dress specific foods due to geography .
drinking too much of it will put you in a coma or kill you .
your ass would look even better with my tongue in it .
take a look at the wip here https twitter.com/the_schnoozler/status/1543102995533275136 ? t=_r3l0ob7qm4igwj5cjzgmw s=19
if my style is what you 're lookin for do lem me know !
i get pleasure out of eating any food because it 's a pleasurable experience that does n't make me malicious or evil like someone who goes out of their way to kick a fucking dog .
if you ca n't see a difference between the two you own far more privilege than most people in this world .
new 14 minute video up and free trial for next 10 subs !
true but i think koi still holds the record for longest time as tournament meta .
connie may have recently overtaken him but she 's a general mvp for all modes she 's not really tournament material anymore .
but i have to note with sadness your mention of smoulder .
i will grant you however that smoulder also really sucks .
hmm now that i think about it there are a lot of heroes that really suck .
but we 'll have to move that wall from the south side of their border to the north side .
yea if you prefer coding you can definitely get into that instead of it but just be warned from what i understand the amount of stuff you need to learn to get a entry level position is at least double .
but yea i got the comptia a certification took me 3-4 months of studying 6 or so hours a day .
i might be a slower learner though so you could do it faster .
from what i understand getting a entry level coding position is probably gon na take 9 months at the very least but idk im not a programmer so i cant say that for a fact .
entry level it in a average city is going to be like 20 an hour but obviously you can make a lot more as you upskill yourself .
i make 28 an hour working weekends with 2 years experience but i was a dickhead and didnt get more certs so i could 've made a lot more .
while it 's not necessarily impossible it ends up making the narutoverse feel small by having all important people in only one place .
the upside down ukrainian flag mouth guard is quite the statement .
we would start a binding of isaac run both of us pick random characters and see if we can finish the run before the world ends .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asshole if you have any questions or concerns .
in addition to redvamp 's explanation occasionally a thread wo n't pull through easily .
for the stubborn ones i use a hand needle to pull a thread to the other side .
yeah getting downvoted for my first comment but i just expected a bit more reward for ms stem .
7/9/11/13 would be a bit different but they are 26 .
i thought her movie inclusion made no sense why would voldemort send one of his top death eaters on a mission that he expected to fail ?
and amazing the dipshit cops did n't flag/shoot each other .
the torture he put those boys through sometimes two at a time on his board .
he had two teen accomplices who lured their own friends in for him .
they made some call their parents to say they were okay just going to a party .
or they had them write letters claiming to have run away .
something like 30 teen boys in one neighborhood including two sets of brothers kidnapped sexually tortured and murdered and the police wrote them all off as runaways despite many parents repeatedly insisting their boys did n't run away .
i 'll be attempting to get a hat for another user so if i can get a 2xl ... i 'll let you know
i have the wii one so you should play it
curious if you mentioned your issues prior to date/earlier communication ?
also we need a new word for bullying ... to separate the hell that children go through not the same as adults that can escape it .
the problem is the very high bar the new tv contract imposes .
each new addition will cost espn a additional billion dollars over a decade .
the sec does n't need any of those schools to remain on top .
and espn has no incentive to pay for that move given they 'll be paying them half that amount or less to stay in the acc .
if it 's legit stainless steel scrape off whatever is burnt on and keep cooking ... .do lower you heat tho and/or use an oil with a better smoke point .
looks ok. make it less liquid by feeding it a greater ratio of flour and see what happens .
i also would n't use a screw tight lid as it releases gasses and if there 's nowhere for them to escape you 're going to have a problem ...
i thought it was to keep those around you safe ...
i 'm a ll in ca and honestly some of these clauses are ridiculous .
and some are not enforceable rent continues to be paid until home is sufficiently cleaned after move out is one that is not valid for example .
when people hear unpleasant things that they ca n't control they have a tendency to reconcile it with blame .
it 's a lack of skill in compassion and saying the right thing .
what happened is past he was n't there therefore he ca n't really say anything and as for you getting in his car what does it matter ?
you 're ok. as for your decisions anything could happen life is full of uncertainty .
life is miserable when you live it in fear .
top 3 skill-wise is reserved for very specific players like leo sparg0 light peak gluto and acola that 's a massive stretch
and you can very much tell a difference between when a top 10 player and a top 40 player top 30-40 players are players that may top 8 once in a blue moon and then get fairly good but not super great placements every other time
every single person feels this way sometime especially in the military .
if you have a quality shirt i 'm sure you know by now they 're not all 100 trustworthy but if you have a good one talk to them .
been where you 're at ... it will pass .
in the meantime use the chaplain or a quality 1st sgt
they all sure jumped on this denmark thing in masse did n't they .
it 's still far and away fewer shootings in denmark than there are in the u.s .
gun laws wo n't stop mass shootings ... but they can certainly do a lot to slow them down .
then add 4 cups of hot water and let the wipes soak in it before putting them in the wipe warmer .
i kind of based it off of a wipe solution i bought in the early days .
they sent me one bottle when i paid for two and refused to accept fault claiming i must 've had it despite literally having the box in my hands when i was chatting with them .
i really liked the solution so i looked up the ingredients and just kind of played with them until it was the consistency i expected .
no idea if i 'm doing it right but my son has never had irritation and the only time he gets rashes is when we use the disposable wipes .
beamed that guy with comet azur while he was emoting .
'my girl became the youngest trans toddler ... at just three years of age ' mirror online '' https www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/my-girl-became-youngest-trans-20138358.amp
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/portland if you have any questions or concerns .
i am very interested in nighthaunt but i feel like it is a hit or miss maybe i should test a cheap model and see how i feel also seraphon are cool love dinos but they got some ooooold infantry 😅
change everyone 's birthday to the date they were conceived .
i know this is not possible but it would be fun watching people squirm thinking that their birthday would be the literal time their parents had sex and made them .
the first usage of the word salty to describe a person was refering to hitler
why is killing someone with 100 rounds more disgusting than killing someone with 5 rounds ?
remove your emotions from the situation and be logical .
there is zero difference between using 100 rounds and 5 rounds except your emotions telling you that it 's somehow worse '' .
what are they supposed to shoot him once in his leg if they think he has a gun ?
he could just turn around and kill them then .
i 'd rather see them close the reddit before it loses itself completely .
i believe virgil samms was the first lensman kinnison was second .
so one person did better and thousands did worse ?
is n't it that it is supposed to be for the greater good ?
fedora frustrated me because i just had some weird buggy issues that just would n't quit weird ui things and apps crashing for no reason .
switched to manjaro and it 's actually rock solid with none of those issues i had before .
r/onlyfansblonde is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansblonde if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm pretty sure that dave chappelle was not talking about knoxville or tennessee .
i am looking forward to a harmonious conference without texas .
although i will miss upsetting oklahoma and being a perennial thorn in the side of another mediocre season for texas .
like seriously your ass and that jiggle jiggle is straight up 🔥
i love how they wrap up those milwaukee heated jackets and it 's unbelievable how many of them walk away every winter !
i 'm in the uk though we do n't get anything stronger than 20mg not legally anyway .
i buy shortfills 60ml bottle filled with 50ml of juice and you add 10ml of a nicotine shot .
18mg nicotine shot 50ml of juice 60ml of 3mg juice .
those nicotine shots can either be freebase or salt nic .
i do n't vape anything over 6mg these days mostly because there 's nothing out there i want to try so the shortfills do me just fine .
this happening at all is bad enough but this feels constant .
maybe if he really only killed the bad people with 100 proof they are criminals .
there have been no more wars and crime rates have reduced to barely any ever since kira used the death note .
they do this because unlike you younger ignoramuses they know how to drive a standard vehicle aka a stick shift '' which requires both feet .
now does this excuse them for using both feet instead of just one while driving an automatic ?
okay so to you and some other people it does .
take a look at the pdf files it shows what piece you have to print with the configuration you have .
yup 😅 we both feel the same way about each other .
he tells me he feels like i 'm too good to be true sometimes and i feel similarly but rn we 're both young so i 'm just hoping we do n't change too much lol .
imagine those thigh highs wrapped around you as you plow her insides
hold on though in 2 months we 'll be on what episode 8 or 9 ?
is n't that going to be roughly when this scene happens ?
target always has the exclusive clear version available for under 20 .
i got that and their exclusive green edition of damn .
from them during a b2g1 promo they were doing .
when your only point of reference for sex is porn .
because the way using clamps is too painful '' and totally not cause they wan na suck a little baby dick .
for me yan is just another nugget that buffs gebura lol d
and distorted blade is a nice addition too once you meet the light requirements
this post has been removed as it is not a good fit for a top level post .
this content would be more appropriate in our weekly wednesday writing https new.reddit.com/r/fantasy/search ? q=r 2ffantasy 20writing 20wednesday restrict_sr=1 t=week thread .
you may also wish to consider posting to a subreddit like r/fantasywriters or r/worldbuilding .
that said please review the rules of these subreddits prior to posting as r/fantasy is not directly affiliated with them .
please take some time to review our subreddit sidebar for additional information and feel free to reach out via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffantasy with any follow-up questions .
i think everyone else at my clinic has some .
but they are n't super visible when they wear their scrubs .
this guy genuinely believes he can make money charging teslas that he ruins his own has milage mounting a gas generator to his ride .
opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikimobilelinkbot message=optout subject=optout beep boop .
probably because andy 's been acting like hes a saint and completely trashing everyone else ?
usually you put wet blades into guards while you 're skating so i imagine the guards are n't completely dry even if your blades are .
i 've always just left my blades in soakers .
no air drying although that 's fine you could risk bumping them into something and causing a nick so personally i 've never done it .
competitively skated all my young/teenage years and also taught lessons for many years
even more attractive with a no spending limit credit card
test drove a new one in the mid '70 's but decided it would be tough to lock anything of value in one lol .
i 've scanned through 16936 comments approximately 86693 average penis lengths worth of text in order to find this secret penis message .
cp3-cam j-mikal-crowder-ayton would have been like the 3 to 5 seed last year they were definitely still a good team without him .
the playoffs made it pretty clear that book and curry are n't in the same ballpark .
i was glad he made all-nba so they had to supermax him though .
if the board has psram how can i enable it ?
if you select the correct board in the ide psram should be enabled without you needing to do anything .
if in doubt use esp32 devkit '' for the board type .
if you know the memory sizes and want to configure it yourself you can specify the partitions manually with a custom .csv file .
i have read about this but have not tried it yet .
in your code and it will let you know if psram was present and configured .
i wrote a program to check for psram and print cpu and device info .
it is similar to what you have already written .
hes gone on record saying the bends is his all time favourite record
the guy who was in the programs investigating this stuff said that the whole 'drone swarm ' idea was put out by people not involved and they did it in between aatip and the next program that came after .
i 'll find it cause people are eating up the typical corporate media obfuscation .
i 've got some of his socks just no shoes in particular that match them well
the 14th amendment which passed along with the 13th amendment following the civil war no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the united states '' .
it was passed with the express purpose of not allowing but states rights '' .
because that exemption prior allowed states to infringe on human rights .
and i apologize for not performing my duty and selecting banano ...
i 'm sure he did it to not seem threatening .
he wanted to not be pushed back and let the other guy get on his feet .
because he wanted to finish the fight and kick that dudes ass .
the other guy must 've done something real bad to him
you can also buy from costco 's website or app and have it delivered since you do n't have a car the grocery cold and frozen stuff ships free if you buy over 100 at a time non perishable and household stuff ships free if you buy over 75 at a time .
was kinda thing they had an eldritch blast or necrotic touch kinda vibe
i work for a japanese company and my salary in the us is almost double my counterpart in japan even when you factor in healthcare housing and transportation .
no doubt customers will line up for miles to get this look when miona 's makeup line hits the shelves .
can we come up with a good name for it ?
what i do know is that i would not want to live in a country where wearing a hijab and being modest is forced .
ends igora p9 5.89 and 9 5.1 medium gray tone ?
for the base you can do melt roots with the same formula as the ends .
volume 7 or 10 and leave it for 10 mins
yay can it write me a note for work too ?
3 of my all time favorite fighting games lol so many hours spent on those .
i 'm also an old hippie and i do solo trips a few times a year .
what was it i couldnt understand what she was saying
you have until 07/04 10:47 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20220705t024758 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the northern colorado 45 .
u/yeeting_man reply with run or pass and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' vpzldy ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
she said i was heartless and really mean and i could have made it work for all of them ditto lady .
if you want them to have a vacay then you can make it work .
i 'm glad you got the chance to have that memory with your sister and i 'm sorry someone is trying to take away from that .
google a serious infection of the nose and throat that 's easily preventable by a vaccine . ''
idk what time period that 's from but i do n't think it 's a modern trend name mackaleigh nor is it vintage classic violet .
i just sit in my room and question my existence
such a shame liberty brew did n't get re-issued this year .
i guess pepsico figured they had their summer dews covered with the baja flavors .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/premiumcheeks if you have any questions or concerns .
please quit working in healthcare you have zero empathy and are in the wrong field .
you say she should have brought a family member with her or someone to hold her hand has it occurred to you she might not have had anyone and that she might have been terrified being there because she did n't know what was going to happen .
no you do n't have to hold her or coddle her but you could have at least been a decent caring human being .
right so you are saying 50 off people could n't breakup a 10 man brawl ... . ? ?
when you say trying to break it up do you mean yelling yooo staaaaaaap '' while recording it
i like the first half cause it looks like he has the ability to glide on the water without board nor wave
orochimaru did make his chakra control worse but even so kurama also did .
just looked at some panels and seems there were many reincarnations or at least can be implied .
so being a reincarnations does n't mean your destined to be strong
i think it was late 90s for me i would guess on teletoons late night adult block i remember seeing akira vampire hunter d and a ton of other anime greats on there too .
nope it is a slower beat and has a plucky acoustic riff in it .
gas and food were cheaper under calvin coolidge but i doubt anyone intelligent wants him back .
if scottie had been officially offered a deal would 've been made by now that 's why they 're still talking .
nets probably want scottie included and masai is saying no .
everyone jn the hospitality is going to warehouses because it 's half the work for twice the pay and you even get these thing called breaks and days off and weekends whatever the fuck those are even though the warehouse does n't require a 4 year apprenticeship or any qualifications at all beyond maybe a one day course on a forklift
in my 30 man warehouse shift we have 6 qualified chefs
i think things will look very similar to what they are now .
hopefully we 'll see a bit of deflation in standard commodities but we 'll see .
if we see additional crop failures we will cut exports .
the ukraine conflict will be over one way or the other .
i think russia will take one or two of the eastern provinces .
the west will impose more sanctions russia will retaliate with less or no natural gas to western nato countries .
finland and sweden will end up joining nato as well .
we may end up in a new cold war but i doubt it .
housing price will continue to climb but at a slow rate .
covid is now endemic things in 2022 are already much better for alot of health care providers .
areas with low vaccination rates will continue to see stresses on their medical systems .
politics wise some more right wing areas will see additional brain drain from the medical community .
biden will still be president hell jimmy carter is still kicking .
i see further polarization in politics in the us .
at some point i think china will invade or at least attempt to invade tawain .
i just started reading that paragraph saw where it was going and decided to stop .
no there is n't any evidence basis that proves this .
it just does n't make sense for people to be on this earth if we are the ones destroying it .
also this is n't based on any religious ideology either .
usually it 's a beatdown by everyone else but as i start to get bionics installed that can be dangerous .
last time i nearly froze someone to death was over them having a mental break right after a raid and trying to murder one of my fighters .
beat them down then locked them in the freezer to cool off .
they are now going to wait at the back of the list for bionic arms and legs to get their fingers and toes back .
for a long time now i 've read about and even tried to implement a few alternatives to 'first past the post ' voting where i can in my own life .
the main fear i have about none standard voting is that people will be confused resulting in less representation not more .
and look i get it people that can not figure out anti-plurality voting or one of the other alternatives you want to say like oh but it 's so simple .
and yeah it is simple to you and me but people got confused over butterfly ballots and it may have cost democrats the election .
i think when you 're talking about alternative voting schemes you need to think of voters as like idiot babies .
and i do n't mean that to be demeaning .
when releasing software and you think your ui is completely intuitive but guess what those users when they get ahold of your program .
and right now in this climate do i have high hopes that we can transition to an objectively better system and also convince people to accept the results ?
they 've ruined modern america as much or more than anything else .
they think the cops should have obliterated the portland protesters and blm with overwhelming force .
but they 're from canada so they still think we should have universal healthcare not tied to employment .
with regards to the last four presidents more wars have been started under a democratic president than republican .
... .and i wanted to admit to someone that i am more of a mess than i put on .
here in nj highest i 've seen for 4hrs is 104 some are as low as 58 for 4hrs .
hey dude head 's up but you doxxed your wife in your post with the keep-sake box .
her name plate is right there in the pic .
you should delete that picture especially given the fact that you 're constantly posting about your marital issues .
your wife is right that you are n't aware as to the struggles that women are facing in america .
going up to your wife and touching her tits trying to get sex when she feels like you are n't listening to her about losing her rights is n't going to give you what you want in a relationship .
building intimacy and closeness without the pressure of sex should be your goal right now .
feeling emotionally safe with you and connected with you will help .
check out gottman 's the seven principles of making marriage work .
they were literally still filming new scenes back in april .
i personally have no reason to believe it will .
im australian but i 'm working in malaysia these days .
clash of cultures probably between my please do n't come to work sick and presenteeism .
i got a custom shirt online with the hex codes for the trans flag and i messed it up .
imagine getting so mad that you go through someone 's history looking to see where they live 😂
if it 's not available as a dealer add on you do n't you buy a different car with those options .
humans are animals we just came up with a cooler name for ourselves ...
as a sprung-from-no-where-i-suddenly-own-a-large-portion-of-your-company here are my demands 3 board seats and sell the baby .
the baby is either his prize or his funding golden egg for turning around bbby .
regardless he has a midas touch for this kinda thing and i want to be on board .
it was such a relief finishing dmc2 moving on to dmc3 and meeting goofy ha ha pizza man dante .
that makes a lot of sense i can imagine that would be very triggering i hope you 're doing better i 'm so sorry you 've been through so much .
i started watching it during surgical recoveries so i did n't expect to end up where i 'm at now .
it does n't trigger me personally but i was n't being treated for cancer .
for the dairanger suits i think it was due to the fear of audiences reacting negatively due to the change in designes .
wich to be fair is understandable for the time .
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
while this is a place for advice replies may not be medically accurate .
do not assume that what others on here say is correct in any way .
reddit is not a replacement for an in-person dental professional .
please abide by the following rules in order to get an accurate answer to your question
1 ensure you include a title of your dental problem .
2 include whether you drink smoke or if you have any medical conditions relevant to your main concern .
3 include a photograph if the question relates to something you can see in your mouth include x-rays if you have them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdentists if you have any questions or concerns .
so china is proxy fighting with russia with bots on english speaking reddit ?
it 's funny that you say that because the chief of police literally said during the press conference that he did not see a perceived deadly threat in the footage .
football fan discovers that agents represent more than one player .
they over their life have made even more money than boomers do .
they 're the highest income generation now and for all of american history by a small percent over boomers but it 's larger .
like they want be to forgot or else they 'll get lumped in with boomers .
upvote this comment if you feel this submission is characteristic of our subreddit .
downvote this if you feel that it is not .
if this comment 's score falls below a certain number this submission will be automatically removed.to download the video use the website link below
it probably did n't help that biden raised climate taxes in oil producers by 700 his first day in office .
i do n't think they would send me girl actually but i do n't blame u i 'm posting on femboy
my point is many people have tricked themselves into thinking we have more allies than we actually do and hoping for solidarity from allies that are n't there will hurt us .
i 'm seeing it beyond more than daily at this point and it 's incredibly frustrating .
you can lose the battles man but you must win the war .
bruv my archon quest would be finished by this hacker at that point
well i just want my account back at this point but 40 days ?
damn ... did n't know they are this slow on recovering account
yeah it actually i 'm the minecraft enchantment language .
it 's all of the sword enchantments you can actually get .
if you value great open airflow that still hits hard a collyland
if you want excellent non-pocketable portable vape that has killer cooling without any need to run it thru water which is also a lifestyle superstar bowle
dude man how is the goal is to sleep with so may women with out getting married any way in connection with our deen ?
i do n't agree with feminst agenda but same way this alpha beta cuck male crap too .
you do n't need this guy or anyone how to be man .
just look to the prophets and the sahaba man that 's it .
i can jack off in parallel of doing anything 😎👍
the soundtrack to this film is also top notch .
i love the fc kahuna song at the beginning and the diner scene with 'ordinary world ' by duran duran is a stand out scene as well !
so many great actors in this too although i occasionally get parts of this movie and rocknrolla mixed up because of their similarities and they have some of the same actors .
that link is used already but the trick to picking up links on reddit that are n't click able is to click the comment button highlight the link when i displays at the top of the screen then open it with your browser of choice
yeah i remember that i was the only one in person from our community who encountered shundo that day .
as from me this is my only shundo.i have lost the most of cds due to work and i do n't spoof .
so i 'm very happy with only one shundo .
putin was n't even president during this time but medvedev .
wait do you really believe that medvedev was running the country ? ? ?
you mean little green people '' sent by putin as he admitted right ?
nato expansion towards russia started way prior to anything in georgia .
yep exactly because ee countries were begging to be accepted .
if uk germany and france were not so retarded ukr and ge would be nato members and there would be no war these days .
but hey they did n't want to provoke '' russia like russia ca n't create its own provocations '' .
every crimean person who wants to be part of russia .
when alternative is being dissapeared '' of course everyone loves russia .
there are a lot of other direct ways people get in contact with other people 's bodily fluids .
specifically ways that do n't involve the infected vessel to go in a extremely hot dishwasher ...
eab you do n't hang out with a friend that you would hide and lie about to your partner .
sure you and mark had an iffy situation but that can definitely be moved on from especially since he 's never tried anything once shut down .
but you neglected to cover your bases of introducing your friends to your partner or even telling your partner about your friends so now you would be the giant butt face for hiding that you 're seeing mark .
your bf is a potential butt if he 's that jealous of you having male friends .
his insecurity does not justify limiting who you 're friends with .
your best case scenario is inviting mark over to hang out with you and your bf as an introduction .
or at least talking to your bf about hanging out with mark .
i doubt your relationship will recover from this if you lie about seeing mark .
if you have to lie about seeing a friend the only conclusion is that you 're cheating .
yep it 's not much but i 'm trying to squeeze as much as i can out of the merits of using mayo vs butter as a spread on grilled cheese .
i think there is some pil near the falklands but it would cost too much to extract
also we dont want oil drilling in the falklans a lot of whales and penguins live there and we need the penguins to clear minefields
i 'm pretty sure that the code is operational as when i remove the switching '' part of the code and test the pins from the arduino there is a clear 5v signal being transmitted this is also where the static 1.4v on the motor comes from i simply removed the code that switches direction .
i 'm confident that i 'm not measuring the wrong pins as i 'm measuring the voltage directly across the motor wires and i 'm still only getting 1.4v .
i 'm wondering if this is a problem of simple cooling as i 'm currently working outside in 80°f weather and the l298n has a reputation of overheating .
however the voltage drop should n't be over 10v regardless of the temperature right ?
it 's been a while since i worked with one of these but i 'll give it a go .
the output is voltage divided between r3 and r4 and that is tapped and fed through a pulsed rc circuit to the comparator .
the fixed duty cycle voltage drives the m transistor at a steady rate and this creates the sawtooth signal .
it does this as follows when m is off the rc circuit causes a linear rise that you see in the sawtooth .
when m is active c quickly discharges to ground and you see the abrupt drop in the sawtooth .
now the height of the sawtooth is dependent upon the output voltage and that 's what we are comparing to vref .
you can think of vref as a threshold for the sawtooth .
when the sawtooth crosses that threshold then the output of the comparator goes low vout a v v which is inverted and turns on the boost gate .
so when the output voltage of the boost converter is higher than desired this results in a higher sawtooth signal which will result in it being above the threshold longer and will keep the boost gate open longer .
this means the boost converter will have more time to discharge and the output voltage should lower .
conversely if the output voltage is below the desired value the sawtooth will cross the threshold for a shorter time which will close the gate of the converter faster .
this should allow the capacitor to build up and maintain it 's charge thus increasing the output voltage .
someone else who 's more familiar with this can chime in and correct me but i think that 's the gist of the feedback operation .
he probably gives his people the freedom to do so better tho .
i did n't really think of myself as a child at 13 .
since it made me the person i am now .
just go to a local glazer shop they 'll have some
it 's been a few years for me but not really painful.. unless they drop you..
i 've never jumped from a building or anything crazy but normally a stage is n't 20 ft above the people .
no one should do that as it 's not safe for the musician or the fans .
it 's not a soft mattress but it 's not painful if people are expecting it the weight is distributed across a few hands/heads this is 14-20 year old me who was 115-125lbs and honestly i could n't even consider doing it now in my late 30s.
the biggest thing to worry about is random people trying to take your shoes grabbing inappropriate yes guys too and always hold onto you valuables when i did it cell phones were either not a thing or just kicking off so it was just your chain wallet that you take the money out before hand ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fifthworldpics if you have any questions or concerns .
het zou inderdaad fantastisch zijn als we het inderdaad niet meer over gay pride hebben maar ‘gewoon ' een feestje dat alle seksen en geaardheden zou vieren .
ik betwijfel wel of dit haalbaar is ... maar gelijkheid is iets waar we absoluut voor streven .
first seen here https redd.it/vqerbf on 2022-07-03 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' vr1yio '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=vr1yio samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
put a gun to my head and fully intended to experience the last moments of my life .
five minutes later still in a state of shock with the gun in my hands i got a call from my brother .
he said he called for no reason other than to check in .
broke down in tears and told him everything went to a mental facility and got the help i needed .
de enige reden dat ze enkel cash aanvaarden is omdat het 50-80 zwart is .
judging from the pic i think anon might have been fucking a crumpled up black sweater or something .
this is probably the worst showerthought i 've seen in a while .
to be fair an 8ft cardboard box of mystery is likely a more enticing steal than a ladder lol
oh i get that difficulty of trying to use logic he is responsible for his actions not me '' etc to argue your emotions into a different place .
why ca n't i believe what i know is true ?
sometimes i have to speak a different language to myself .
if we cut q away for a moment it sounds like you may hold a core belief bet your therapist has touched on this that you are unloveable and worthless .
i have scary and untrue core beliefs about myself too .
something i 've started to do is rather than argue with it or try to change it or fix it with logic i tell that part of myself that i 'm so sorry they feel that way .
that i 'm sad that i carry this burden .
that it 's unfair that my brain got wired to place all responsibility for the whole world on my shoulders starting when i was a little girl .
that i can take care of myself and do hard things .
even if no one else can be a loving and gentle witness to my inner world and my fears as i ride the waves of my emotions i can be that witness .
and it can even get boring/monotonous after a while .
i can see from everything you wrote here that you are determined to get better and i hope that relief and even joy and fun comes to you .
my mother helped create a program in my country to teach coding to elementary schoolers .
it is an easier version of coding similar to those games where you have to create the algorithm by premoving and then let the game play out and see if it solves the puzzle .
also a lot of coding companies are realising that if you teach people coding from scratch in a couple of months as long as their jobs does n't require very wide knowledge of computer science they will be fine they eventually can get the job done almost as well as someone with a higher education .
right now they still require higher education but some of them no longer degrees that teach you how to program
in 10 years a high amount of people will be getting out of highschool knowing how to code proficiently and will probably land specialised it jobs '' without the need for higher education .
whatever else they need to learn they will learn at the job .
if the same amount of particles exist in the expanded food it 'd just be less dense food .
it 'd be the same calories over a larger amount of space .
holy crack on a cracker someone ate some entitled cereal with their breakfast
wait so it does n't have all the improvements from the v ?
im making fun of him because its a weird comment and question..
there is so many videos of cute animals in the ukraine war videos .
on the other hand they use dogs for demining .
but its a fucking petty thing to care about when there is so much at stake
you used the item 'fire arms ' and did 15 extra light damage .
we found a pair of baby hummingbirds in our backyard .
they did n't have all their feathers so we knew they were n't ready to be flying yet .
it had been really windy so we assumed that they had been blown out .
it was getting dark and there 's a lot of stray cats in the area .
we took them inside put them in a little box with a soft towel .
with a heat lamp set on low to keep them warm .
we did n't have anything we could feed them besides sugar water .
so for three days i would wake up once an hour and feed them some sugar water using an unused medicine syringe .
like the ones that come with baby fever medicine .
during the day idy set them out in the shade with sunlight on half the box .
and i noticed that the mother hummingbird would come visit and appeared to be feeding them .
we looked for the nest but could n't find it .
so everyday i would sit on the phone and call every wildlife rehabilitation center i could .
on the third day i finally called a place two hours away that would take the babies .
they gave us a serial number for the babies so that if we wanted to check up on them we could .
within a few months they were healthy and big enough to be set free .
marked for death unrelenting force ice whirlwind sprint and then maybe storm call just for fun .
please read the subs rules and check out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/medical/wiki/index as it goes more in depth about different topics as well as other informative advice/resources .
if they 're any comments under this post that violate rule 3 community safety please report them .
remember to stay on topic and not make jokes towards the op or each other .
reminder if you think what you 're experiencing is an emergency then get off reddit and call 911 or go to your local hospital ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical if you have any questions or concerns .
weniger stress würde ich so nicht behaupten wegen instandhaltung probleme mit lautstärke von den mietern und und und was es so für probleme halt geben könnte .
a character from the simpsons that definitely was n't made up and totally is n't the result of people trying to gaslight others into thinking a fake character was real through the mandela effect
no wonder people think that the conquest sucks if they build it this horrible
... where do you think the name lincoln came from ?
it 's a city in england as well as a county .
ehhh the ps2 trinity are really great games that would probably be very easy to port/upscale with relatively little work .
as time goes on it 's harder and harder for people to experience these games especially if they want to do it legally .
kain auron krile garnet friend brothers summon forgot to swap. https i.imgur.com/jomwlbg.png
could easily do it in less turns and without garnet friend which is what i intend to do for my friendless run .
i have others where i 'm over the line but this one is crazy cause it was like just behind on the line ahaha looked crazy
or they just do n't wan na do trades ... lmao .
they do n't need to have some amazing reason to not wan na go into trades when there are hundreds of other career paths available .
when will people realise that the utility of cro is not the debit cards .
download the defi app stake your cro and take around 12 apr .
also you will have control of your crypto as you have the keys .
alternatively you could seek a platform offering cheaper deals or higher yields like voyager or celsius.. oh wait ... . 🙈
meditation had made a profound difference in my life .
thank you for your response yes it does boot from a built in display .
our company is n't that big and todays gpu market is a bit too pricey and mostly our request get rejected by it that 's why we had to pull out one of our old gpus from the shelves .
unfortunately this maniac is out and free to roam since he only did 1.5 years of prison .
would have been nice if more severe punishment was available because he 'll probably reoffend
lol why would you type this out then block ?
there is nothing in here to suggest loss of autonomy or that they have nothing in common or anything of the sort .
you are making stuff up claiming it 's the only possible option and insulting people for disagreeing with you .
yeah and what about the other children being hurt by these two girls ?
if they 're so hurt they go no contact over facing consequences reasonable consequences for their actions then they are bigger brats than they appear here .
they and you need to grow up and realise the whole world does n't revolve solely around your needs and your right to behave however the hell you like .
and i did n't say anything about them not being allowed to voice their opinion .
what they are not allowed to do is bully another child .
why is this so hard for you to grasp ?
then not consistently excluding someone and making a small effort is not unreasonable .
but thanks for this temper tantrum of a comment .
low profile tires give the truck great traction in the sand .
yes yes it was that was my pride and joy .
if you were really a stickler to the rules it should also apply to killing plants and non-human animals since it was very non-specific .
really this comes down to recognizing that all categories are simply social constructs like you have to define what life '' or what a person '' is .
that 's what we need more than anything 'not fascist ' is unfortunately a win these days .
this timeline is already fucked as it is without bringing in that !
yes as an atheist i am against the idea of a nation which puts religion first .
a secular sate follows law without anything to do with religions .
it honestly seems as though you 're conflating a joke '' with an observation .
i ca n't say much more than that you just seem to have added a whole lot of imagined backstory to a flippant remark used to make rampant homophobes take pause or to ridicule them .
she is clueless about her crime and its impact .
she is incapable of understanding what the outfit is signaling .
literally why are you making this the do or die issue ?
sugar crash '' canzoncina usata in molti tiktok con un beat e sottofondo musicale molto allegro e simpatico finché non si va a leggere il testo che parla di depressione droga e pensieri suicidi .
qui in italia è abbastanza conosciuta negli usa probabilmente ancora di più .
op may i know if your video fps is 30 60 or something else ?
if the insect flew the distance in the frame vertically under 33ms then it would appear like it vanished .
not saying that 's what happened but it 's not unlikely imo .
say the frame height from the insect is 10 inches insect flew 10 inches in 30ms that 's approx 330 inches a sec or 27.5ft a sec
but they do n't need an entire 1 second of jump just 100ms nump is enough to move them out of danger .
realistically the gap seems more like 2 to 3 inches between insect and vertical frame edge .
see this eample where researchers has similar difficulty in capturing insect jumps on video .
the froghopper uses two large muscles to catapult itself around literally locking its back legs down in such a way that they hold until their jumping muscles have generated enough energy to break the lock and send the insect flying through the air .
this release of energy happens so fast that it proved difficult for scientists to capture it using a video camera capable of shooting 2,000 frames per second .
the froghopper 's jump took up exactly two of those 1/1000th of a second frames .
gonzo i 'm not jim jim jimmy jim jim !
alola incineroar mimikyu alolan raichu wishiwashi mudsdale and alolan muk
except he has worked as a lone dm in the premier league already .
when we produced the third best defensive record in the league under sarri with a back line of kepa alonso luiz rüdiger and azpi .
in a season in which we beat city drew liverpool only because of a sturridge wondergoal late on beat them in the league cup drew city in the lc final and then dominated arsenal in the el final .
we were poor defensively as a collective for a few back-to-back games city arsenal bournemouth united other than that our defensive record was excellent .
how is a filled bladder going to help any tightening of core ?
maybe i just do n't get it and find i disgusting
r5 seen all the bi posts lately and wanted to share my casual hungary run .
not sure if i will move my capital or just try to put down the dutch rebellion
you should make an account on epic games they give out free games every week .
am i the only one unable to.find any video in here ?
except the quality is the same in both versions .
it 's the same image with slight differences between the two versions made by the same person .
they 're of the same quality depicting the same thing .
you 're trying to twist words here such as quality '' to fit your narrative but it does n't work that way .
if i draw a character initially with bare shoulders and show the world the product but then i add shoulder guards and release this new version covering the shoulders in the process the quality did n't suddenly increase .
your perception of the art may have been swayed in a different direction you either like the new version more or you like it less or you think it 's whatever .
you can compare quality between two different artists or an artist 's older and newer work against one another or an unfinished piece of art vs the finished piece .
i took over the manchester city in my journeyman save and came up with a new tactic that i thought would fit the team .
as you can guess there are very high-level players in the team but i could n't make a bright start to the season with the new tactic .
how can i improve the tactic or what points do you think need to change ?
my other question is how can i use my left winger more effective ?
since i have ansu fati for that role i thought i would get a lot by using him as inside forward but he was n't be able to score or assist an goal .
we require a minimum account age of 1 months and a minimum combined karma of 100 to participate here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jjdandfamily if you have any questions or concerns .
you use them to increase your servants np level .
go to enhancement noble phantasm select castoria and use the second copy to increase the np-level .
the np level increase usually boosts the damage output of damaging nps and increases the effect of non-damaging nps like caster artorias .
castorias atk buff on her np goes from 30 to 40 when upgrading on np2 .
also never burn a servant unless you got their np level to 5 thats the highest level .
trolling in the sense that he 's implying he knows more than we do
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
so sad my mom is 67 and just the other week said that she wants a divorce because their marriage is n't working lol no shit you hated each other since got married you even lived on different continents for 28 years ?
we were in grade six she was tall played netball and was really sweet and nice to everyone even to me when turning me down when i asked her to the school dance .
she 's the reason i developed an attraction to tall girls as i grew up .
kraven the vegan and he tells everyone that as soon as he meets them .
vote spam click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_spam message=vrwlpv vote approve click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_approve message=vrwlpv
so much goes into making a tv production but what separates the great from the rest is almost always writing quality and acting talent .
plenty of shows then and now have amazing writing stories characters you name it but their cgi so what if it is n't amazing .
that signal jammer is just an old cd drive reader ?
well i just keep saying this is the last one i promise ... '' lol
nta and sounds like he did in fact cheat .
you 're a 16 year old porn addict that has to go to r/askteenagegirls to ask what they find attractive or degrading because you have no social skills outside of reddit .
wait tell you hear vaush 's take on marxism and individualism
if you can guarantee the bullet does n't stray outside of your private property then yes
this is a photos bug there are several work around .
crop to a preset size then crop to custom size .
crop then rotate then rotate back ... ... or use another app .
my friend is a dentist for the case of implants done overseas dentists here wo n't be able to work on them if there is any issues all implants here are registered in a central database .
lmfao that 's one way to get them to leave you alone .
also i know the article and there are karens everywhere so i would n't take the content of one article for the absolute source of truth .
its only one side of the coin the one corroborating your assertions .
then you also see the other side plenty of gross fetishizers happily living ever after with their asian waifu
i promise you i know what you 're feeling and it does go away .
i had such a hard time laying down at night to go to sleep because they would start even while vaping but when i quit they were so bad .
big jumps in my chest i was so worried i was going to have a heart attack .
i was also irritable anxious had fatigue and aches and weird night sweats it was hell .
i smoked cigs for 10 years and only vaped for a year but that vape consumed my life .
i would fall asleep with it in my hand reach for it first thing when i woke up sometimes in the middle of the night .
hit it every 5 mins throughout the whole day .
but now have n't touched a single nicotine product since feb 8th .
the thing that finally worked for me was alan carr 's easy way to quit smoking .
i read it once and started back up 2 days later i was so discouraged it was kind of my last hope .
but then i read it again and really paid attention and it is so weird .
i will have a passing thought but that 's it .
i have n't changed my lifestyle at all still drink still hang out with all my smoker and vaping friends join my coworkers on smoke breaks outside and no cravings .
hang in there you can be free of the nicotine beast and there are multiple ways to do it but i swear by that book it made it so easy that it feels like i 'm cheating
buying nvidia at 209 certainly was n't as cash money risk free as i thought it was
pytania dyskusje i ankiety mogą powtarzać się raz na miesiąc .
jeśli uważasz że został on niesłusznie usunięty skontakuj się z moderatorami https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/polska a w treści dodaj link do usuniętej rzeczy .
you would think that the government would have the power to get past the bullshit .
they do it 's just that they do n't serve the people
i love my job because i 'm on my feet and it 's social .
i do n't have a 9-5 and i get to take off when i want .
i make good money because i 'm good at my job where people tip 50 percent on their tabs half the time .
i guess my experiences abroad are unrelated it 's just what i have dealt with .
i do not believe the servers who do not grind like i do deserve the same money .
if you ever want to use a subwoofer with them thats what you need to get .
det dere burde gjøre er faktisk å ta kontakt med familievernkontoret i kommunen !
mye av det jeg ser du nevner her omforladels relativt små '' problemer som har vokst seg store på grunn av krangling .
jeg mener derfor dere burde i det minste prøve å snakke om det sammen med familievernkontoret .
det første året er bestandig vanskelige for nyetablerte familier og spesielt hvis småbarn er involvert !
throw it on your head and take us for an adventure with you .
i 'm honestly impressed that a single person developed it all but agree with your point about that being a problem for resilience .
i 'll give axum and actix a whirl next cheers .
sounds like a better takeaway would be that you should only pursue men who are interested in you chase him for a bit to start then pull back a bit and see of they are matching your energy .
out of curiosity how were they good on paper '' ?
i 'd add that 's exactly the kind of posts i love to see it 's discussion about the topic and a perfect way to kick off discussion .
we both know you 're only here to stroke yourself off .
why do n't we drop the pretense that you 're here to help '' and be honest shall we ?
i got to a point where if it is a hand to customer order i video/snapshot of the person .
they do n't even know i am doing it .
anyway people are using ic shoppers as the middle man thief .
bruce horak is guaranteed to be back but as what we will be surprised .
he deserves to be anything since he has honed his acting skills and is a marvelous painter .
i ca n't believe i live in a time when adults make little dance videos for the internet
i just had it from a bar in ocean city md and it 's really good .
i totally agree it was actually interesting for me to watch during the pandemic 😂
hey now tompkins won the matchup when sarries faced quins in the semis
i hope that the site work being done is also designed for more torche installations for future expansion .
any other country of this size is way more homogeneous
do you have any idea just how many different ethnic groups religions cultures etc .
americans have a tendency to wildly overestimate just how diverse '' they are in their views .
when you dig a little deeper you see that it 's often literally skin deep .
it feels no different than meeting not-the-one at the point of meeting .
it 's more about how you work through the difficulties .
a lasting marriage is n't something that happens in a moment .
if one or more of the parties stops choosing the marriage everyday then it falls apart .
young lady gramma you 've been married to grampa for 55 years .
what 's the secret to having a marriage last that long ? ''
older lady we just never hated each other on the same day . ''
i 've never read a more accurate statement about marriage before or since .
identity politics generally kills nuance and the elite will use it as a weapon .
best i can do is 23-42 with two separate provable models asserting the other and a third with its own set that matches the standard model but is n't observable yet .
why eat pounds of veggies a day if you 're training to each hotdogs ?
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's more that i do n't see anything in the kaylon that would require his assistance so i do n't see why the writers would use him for that .
for the rest she was not bad but she came with a clear idea of how she wanted to come off and with i suspect preconceived material that she tried to force on every challenge .
it came off awkward especially next to other queens who were really killing it while being themselves .
i took a man at home antigen test that morning came back negative .
doctor sent me for a pcr same day came back positive .
a submission is just as valid of a win as a ko .
i do n't think izzy has a problem with it but i 'm sure a lot of people on the internet will .
the story most fans wanted was literally peter jackson 's lord of the rings but on tv .
you needed to actively call at least 3 times over a month and a half
i just updated openal from copr repo but still i am getting the same error black screen
copr repo for openal-soft owned by gloriouseggroll 8.4 kb/s 1.0 kb 00:00
i am using flatpak now do i need to try it from native package rpm ?
you think this is discrimination based on food habits ?
do you honestly think people are being denied housing just because they eat non veg ?
in this thread i 've given sources and explanations .
all you can do is scream show it in the constitution '' as if it 's some magic book that you worship .
hello u/alextheporklover your post was removed due to your account having low karma .
karma is earned through posting and commenting on threads throughout reddit .
this filter is in place to help fight spam from new low karma accounts .
we do not have this karma restriction on commenting .
why not check out some other threads and make some comments or give some helpful feedback on the creations of other interested creators ?
we promise this karma threshold is low enough that users who are actively commenting and being helpful in comments can earn the karma needed in no time !
we also have some weekly threads that you can post on !
if you want to share some roblox creation you made why not show it off on our weekly creation threads ?
the subreddit has a pinned support thread that you can post on !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/roblox if you have any questions or concerns .
to već radim no onako malo da odem tako brćkat se dok su svi u formi napucani bogovi olimpa ja kao govedo plutam .
well at least we know the mailman can watch people suffer by this as he does
theres a simple answer for all of these people git gud
it 's a game us whatever the fuck you wa n't who gives a fuck ?
girl you are beautiful enough take off those fake lashes
even worse if the company is bending backwards for blackrock 's esg that 's another bad sign
if they 're a funded company ask about their runway and if they 've already revisited their finances given today 's recession
there are a number of better options than dybala for our future
i mean that 's cause you are n't ldr and it 's more exciting to do things irl .
you can now join our wholesome discord community server over here .
https discord.gg/qqp7wkx if you just feel like talking want a place to hang out or if you want a more in depth discussion d
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freecompliments if you have any questions or concerns .
je bent niet meer zwak en afgetakeld op 66 jaar 7 maanden .
levensverwachting is met 10 jaar gestegen sinds de aow-invoering en de aow leeftijd met nog niet eens 2 jaar .
looks like i 'm calling in next week to talk about my friend dan jordannsøn .
i actually mentioned that to my bf as we were watching i love when the show goes just slightly absurd .
it 's obviously just due to the nature of the scene but i like the idea that people are trying to run from the kugelblitz and do n't really care about some weirdo dancing in the road .
we kindly remind you that you 've exceeded the posting limit of 2 posts every 12 hours**.\nnow you have to wait until you will be able to post again .
deleted posts still count as they are already recorded on our subreddit.\nif you believe this was done in error message the moderators of collegesluts https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcollegesluts subject=post rate limit exemption message=hi please approve my re-submission of this removed post http redd.it/vrrt81 .
i noticed that you 've submitted a post under the self promo '' flair !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/virtualyoutubers if you have any questions or concerns .
modern games tend to be fairly modular so whilst it might take hours to compile everything from scratch usually someone working within the game would only need to regularly recompile the part they were actually working on
jurassic park star wars the empire strikes back and harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone
i remember lees was struggling on the 5th stump line against bumrah but then he bowled one on the legs which went for a four .
if our best bowler is doing this then ca n't expect much from others .
just to understand do you think it 's not murder if the mother was n't a willing participant in the act or that in that case the murder is acceptable ?
lame was like that when i lived in vegas too .
same with illinois but we always drove into indiana and bought the good stuff .
was about to say tiffany because i had n't seen it yet .
plus they would have needed a lot of boom boom too
sorry you do not meet the minimum sitewide comment karma requirement of 100 to post a submission .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
please look at the rules page https old.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/w/posting_rules for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cscareerquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideobot message=https np.reddit.com//r/abruptchaos/comments/t3z6t3/no_idea_whats_going_on_in_this
my new little source of joy in genshin is casting shinobu 's e repetitively even if i dont need the heals lol .
the animation the sound of it and decreasing shinobu health just to heal it again its satisfying for me idk why
i mean she does her job well enough for me to heal and apply electro everywhere but yeah the burst couldve shred electro or party wide heal as well while were at it
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
if you look two posts down someone else just asked the same thing .
like the kind of drunk that any movement sends you into a downward spiral of nausea and regret .
which makes no sense if op was the only one wanting it for 13 why is anyone gon na buy it for more ?
no-one buys bags for thousands because they 're inherently hundreds of times better at carrying their stuff around they buy them because they 're told that they 're fashion brands worth thousands .
if you break that by not telling the customer what it is they wo n't pay fashion brand prices .
jos koulussa opetetaan että vasaralla on hyvä lyödä ruuvia niin ei kannata ihmetellä miksi porakoneilla ei ole menekkiä ja miksi sisäseinät lohkeilee .
all of the gains with massive losses in both manpower and equipment .
it 's going to be very hard for russia to even occupy those areas .
ukraine did a lot of tactical retreating to save manpower and equipment .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
that he hits in the same speed range as the more traditional serve bots from a shorter height makes his serve even more effective imho .
since he ca n't hit down on the ball as much he has to add more rotation to bring it down onto the court and the extra rotation adds a lot of violent movement in flight and coming off the court .
plenty of guys hit their groundstrokes just as hard but no one hits that fast with that level of action on the ball .
39 one kid the 3ds is kind of the perfect carry around just in case a spare few minutes
and he just nods annoyingly while you explain it to let you know he indeed already got what you tried to imply .
we have created a new entry for this account r/botdefense/comments/vrsdew/overview_for_alecframe .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i 'm just now finishing year 10 and i took my latin and russian gcse exams this year .
my situation is different to yours however as i am a native speaker of russian and fast track latin is a course offered by my school for any good latin students .
i do n't regret doing it early and you probably wo n't either .
i did them early to get a feel for actual exams you do n't get from mocks and extra qualifications are always good .
arch 's maintenance is time consuming you have to agree .
for example couple of days ago gnome-boxes and weather stopped working after an update .
yes but this is a discussion that has been held countless times and if you ask a thousand people you will get a thousand different opinions also i think these discussions are kind of pointless to be honest .
there will never be a one fits them all '' linux distro simply because there are different needs and different types of users ... .
however i agree for the most part with your assessment of the various distributions except maybe for fedora .
but i also would be surprised if you had completely opposite experiences as they are in line with what the intended purpose and target audience of those distributions actualy is ...
popos is intended to just work '' and is primarily aimed at less technical users and those switching from windows and macos .
fedora is more aimed at developers and technical users but is increasingly suitable for home users as well .
arch is for people who want to configure everything themselves and have as much control over their os as possible .
least he pulled over change compared to most videos on here
let 's be real obese people have far more shame put upon them .
recently it 's been called out for saying things face to face but online fat shaming is fekxing rampent .
obviously i do n't know your experience nor where you are from there 's going to be exceptions across the globe but as a whole fatness is treated worse than thinness .
i 've witness people i know be almost invisible while fat then when they 've lost a dramatic amount of weight all of a sudden people notice them and want to date them and be their friends .
that generally does n't happen the other way around .
they wasted a lot of water candles wine wine glasses bed sheets food cups and saucers lol
sorry but i could n't help thinking perhaps they should do a show called bdsm on a budget '' !
we need more regular people in all parties so our country is n't run by the fringes
you didnt ask why a person without a gun would try pulling one
i 've been repeating that question for several replies .
but anyway you 've finally attempted to answer the question .
now if his goal was suicide by cop why would he unload his weapon and leave it in the car ?
dirty most big and mid tier cities in india are breaking down from overpopulation and lack of planning .
further it 's not a political issue for some reason people do n't even care about it enough to vote on it .
india 's ncr and plains suffer from terrible heat waves every summer these days and it is horrid .
but this does n't apply to all of india .
there are many ecosystems in the country including hills and mountains that are somewhat to a lot cooler .
nasty assuming he meant people that 's to be expected .
when people do n't get enough resources to survive every day is a struggle everyone else is looking out for themselves it 's tough to be nice '' and wish people good morning '' .
everyone is in a rush because they are strapped for time .
being nice is a privilege that most indians do n't enjoy .
all that said i love my country still and i bet your friend does too .
being inconvenienced by lack of amenities and hating one 's country are very different .
it must be so because i always watched jonathan 's scenes with nancy with bated breath .
this scene from season three when jonathan leaves for california is a masterpiece for me .
it 's a bug that wave 1 's rabbits are missing all the tags
i studied clausewitz that does n't mean i 'll win every war
we develop film in ferndale and unlike drug stores that destroy your negatives we do n't .
i know its not i m just wondering if there is a card that is shorter .
https www.amazon.com/transcend-jetdrive-storage-expansion-ts256gjdl130/dp/b00wgarjis/ref=asc\_df\_b00wgarjis ? tag=hyprod-20 linkcode=df0 hvadid=309707619534 hvpos hvnetw=g hvrand=12461103454788626018 hvpone hvptwo hvqmt hvdev=c hvdvcmdl hvlocint hvlocphy=9001989 hvtargid=pla-405661570048 th=1 https www.amazon.com/transcend-jetdrive-storage-expansion-ts256gjdl130/dp/b00wgarjis/ref=asc_df_b00wgarjis ? tag=hyprod-20 linkcode=df0 hvadid=309707619534 hvpos hvnetw=g hvrand=12461103454788626018 hvpone hvptwo hvqmt hvdev=c hvdvcmdl hvlocint hvlocphy=9001989 hvtargid=pla-405661570048 th=1 i saw thisbut is marketed for macbook so who knows
i 'm still awating for the portuguese release so i do n't have the whole collection yet .
read batman ego btw if you did n't already .
if they fuck this up all bets are off as to what happens next .
lnp is in absolute shambles.. lots of angry voters out there ...
i doubt murdoch papers and sky news will change their tune anytime soon .
they definitely wo n't change their tune i agree but they have clearly lost some credibility within the voting base .
i 'll take lion king live action 4k and lucy 4k .
it 's not just me thinking it looks like they pasted something on top of camilla right ?
a resturant on venice beach had them i got one but a full set for beer pong or smth would be nice last longer then plastic and is n't more aluminum than a beer can
it was hilarious how he kept interrupting bapa taste of yee ol ' medison
he full blocked me out but he still has n't canceled my plane ticket that he 's paid for .
i waited 14 years to get into a relationship and this heartbreak is killing me .
i wish he just cancels my ticket soon enough so i 'd get some closure that this is it .
oh i wan na see my lonesome self smiling and with peace again by the end of this year .
so whats the current body count from antifa/blm mass murders ?
wow i ca n't believe how strong her powers are !
i can barely move my coffee mug an inch off the ground !
liz i 'm too stupid to dna check this stranger claiming to be my mom '' keen resembles that remark .
no idea what the first show is so obviously not good
yeah it got hard to watch i have n't watched snw because i gave 3 seasons to discovery and 2 to picard i was not making that same mistake a third time ... .and my case in point if you do n't blindly agree that nutrek is the best thing since sliced bread you get downvoted or attacked ... .in my case i was downvoted lol .
on one hand i would love the see our favorite characters again but on the other hand like most have said it 's kinda hard to continue the story with how it ended .
maybe a dlc about basil and his side of the story would be interesting as i feel like we did n't get to see enough of him considering how important he is to the story .
seems like no one mentions mahou shoujo site yet .
actual yuri but it happens near the end in the manga .
the anime is great if you can stomach the dark shit they throw at you .
this has been asked several times in this sub before have a search to find previous posts and check the replies there
some bawl some are stoic some hold it in til they home and cry in the shower .
you are n't wrong in how you 're grieving .
a demonstration of crying is n't needed to prove your grief .
policemen are n't wearing fucking power armor you moron .
they 're human beings who do n't want to get shot and killed who shot and killed somebody who had already proven that he would be willing and able to shoot at the police .
take another shot after he 'd already taken one earlier ?
if you were a cop in that situation knowing that all it took was a lucky pot shot to the head/chest/gut to end your life would you want to wait and find out ?
what the fuck else did you expect for them to do ?
let somebody who 's considered armed dangerous desperate and willing/able to shoot at somebody else run away ?
coming from a liberal who generally dislikes the police you 're a fucking clown .
not to downplay their truly deplorable actions but they were all probably charged with misdemeanor domestic i know nunn hayes and kidd were while davis 's were dropped .
i do n't see this occurring for bridges who got a felony charge .
edit beasley got a felony gun charge and pled guilty served 78 days .
it 's about decency yes they 're in a public space with other ppl but we all know it 's basic common sense that do n't you take video/photos of ppl just doing their thing .
windows also has wsl which works well for a good amount of stuff .
if your hardware does n't support wsl 2.0 you can still run graphical programs with 1.0 if you set up a vnc or x11 forwarding connection .
if you need cuda tho you 'll need 2.0 .
why are in mo and vt on your shortlist ?
answers to those and other questions i 'm not posing will help guide you .
simply based on the limited info you provided southern in will probably offer more wrt outdoor activities and small towns .
also the climate in all three is very different .
considering the only time you 'll ever have to face a real player 's champions and even then they 're ai controlled you 're never fighting real people is in arena or alliance war which for the most part are completely optional arena is completely avoidable and wars are only feel necessary because they 're the best way to get some late-game upgrade materials there 's no real 'best time ' to get into the game .
although currently it 's a hell of a lot easier to progress than it ever has been trust me .
i 've been playing the game pretty regularly since around mid-2015 and things are a lot more new-player-friendly than they ever were when i was starting .
plus with the changes to most monthly even quest rewards this month maybe next ?
i ca n't quite recall then things look like they 're only going to get easier so i 'd jump in now rather than later .
the only things thriving in her life are the bugs in that place and whatever type of infections she has going on
i 've only ever seen hunting rifles and that was only briefly as a kid when my dad would open his gun safe .
around christmas last year i had a guest yell at me because we had cards that said like to my dads on christmas '' .
like first of all lady you have wildly overestimated my role in this company is you think i have any say in product selection .
second of all me my wife and our son really appreciate being represented in this holiday season .
he is not just an itk you can ask any spurs fan he is up there as one of the most accurate club reporter .
he has spent the last two years jumping up the ranks and setting himself as a very reliable source for spurs .
why do you think he will take a gamble and ruin it all by lying ?
if he did n't knew anything he would just say i do n't know but he said that it is not a spurs player .
my current femboys friends are nice to be around but the other ones i 've met and talked to are either misogynistic or transphobic .
they hide behind their bigotry with a uhmm i 'm a feminine dainty boy therefore i ca n't be misogynistic/transphobic 🙄🙄 '' .
prime day is next week so it 's going to be slow .
lem me take a guess at how the battle went both bbs went full reverse at the start of the match and still got burned to a crisp the dds both yolo rushed a red radar cruiser and died 3 minutes in and the rest of the match was citadel city 😁
antlers for sure extra melee damage and penetration bonus is that the right game haha but yes satchel haha
i went into this expecting a vague outline of how it goes but ...
this is every single dm conversation i 've seen on here basically .
the weight of coming to realize that the vast vast majority of anime is insufferable garbage
my boy chris mothafuckin rock has got to be lovin this shit !
the sky pilot suspension bridge is 65 and a 1 hour drive from vancouver .
i think the capilano bridge is a decent alternative .
a kid and there parent is a package deal .
asking his mom to marry you is asking him to be your son .
he 'll grow up wondering why am i treated differently ?
did i do something wrong to deserve this treatment ?
why does n't dad love me like he loves my siblings ?
if it was sexism they 'd actually state something sexist .
i guess it depends on how you define it you can have entirely mechanically actuated automatic functions it is after all how the vast majority of changers operate they 'd still work the same even if your finger was spinning the platter instead of a motor .
if on the other hand there are electronics required for it to perform any of its functions then i 'd class it as at least partially electronic .
i have a soft spot for the mariners but i would really like to not get shut out by them .
just got into a game with a hacker using this no fun at all
home lander and soldier bot are going to team up and with common enemies now they boys annie and noir are going to fight hl and sb .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
if women are saying dudes are weird and crazy on dating apps there 's no argument there .
since i train fasted i mostly took it post-workout with the first carb meal .
i did not try taking it with insulin pre-workout .
i thought i could breed a lot of my local vivs and trade .
but it turns out my garden pattern is actually quite common and holds very little trade value .
i think the last few will be a long slog
i looked it up and i do n't want to play this game any more if i have to see that
this is how we 've saved hundreds at the pump .
i mean lets consider that at this point in the story if im right michael was already a walking corpse fueled by remnant and determination to burn william alive as many times as necesary
en mi caso hago mma y voy a clases de conversacion en ingles y he conocido a gente increible .
mi hermano mayor 28 es profesor de bachata y tambien ha conocido a mucha gente .
the point of emojis is to show emotions but what emotion does this show ?
do you just wake up in the morning and think wow i really feel like a massive fucking stone today '' ?
it just provokes a deep rooted anger within me whenever i see it .
i want to drive on over to the fucking emoji headquarters and kill it .
if this was the emoji movie i 'd push it off a fucking cliff .
people just comment 128511 as if it 's funny .
he deserves to have his smug little stone face smashed in with a hammer .
oh wow it 's a stone head how fucking hilarious i 'll use it in every comment i post .
you 're a fucking stone you have no life goals you will never accomplish anything in life apart from pissing me off .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
well there are people called demolition men they demolished the shit out of buildings
gun laws are pretty strict in chicago and ... yeah .
maybe we 're not looking at the core issue ?
i enjoy videos for learning new concepts or libraries and i usually just watch it at 1,75-2x speed and slow down once things get interesting .
it makes sure i did n't miss anything because i was arrogant and assumed i already knew most of it .
official docs otoh is great when i actually do know what i 'm doing and just need the reference .
the one thing i hardly ever find useful anymore is stack overflow .
it seems to be geared towards people who do n't know what they 're doing and love being insulted about it .
edit svelte interactive tutorial was good though i 'm impressed with how well they made it work for a quick but decently thorough overview .
so i was having online classes with my camera turned off when i started hearing a little whistle from one of the students in the background that seemed very familiar but i could n't put my finger on it .
the whistling stopped for a couple of minutes until i started hearing it again and then i knew exactly what it was it was the chorus of dream 's hit song 'mask ' .
i immediately ripped off all my clothes and started furiously stroking my fully erect penis for a good 10 min even sticking my dream body pillow up my rectum imagining that it was daddy dream penetrating me while whistling his hit song 'mask ' .
it honestly were the greatest 10 minutes of my life until my libido reached its climax and i let out a gigaload of cum for daddy dream that landed on the phone 's screen and ended up turning on the mic and camera and everyone stared horrified at me screaming at the sight of my honest and earnest love expression to dream .
i was kicked out of the class by the dreamphobic teacher and today the school principal called me and my parents to a meeting and told us that i may be expelled from the school merely from expressing my gender and sexuality .
what can i do about this ? ! ? ! ?
was i in the wrong for expressing my gender and identity ? ? ! ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
forget it i read the other comments and you 're a hunter and football player not bad
entering a token with high liquidityis giving em exit liquidity .
that 's not a mistake it just did n't turn out that way .
now i am not sure if you are trolling or simply stupid
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
dude by the time you have all that you should be overpowered anyway
name and shame is for shit like fiu expelling a student for being diabetic not redundant secondaries lmao you 're not exactly taking a huge risk by posting a publicly available secondary form
i love burgers soda and my native country very much but i do not understand our government .
everyone says america is a great country and i look around and see who else is a great china .
we would have such a leader instead of sleeping in negotiations rare hair soft pickle bad memory old beadon .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
is your range of motion good meaning can you comfortably go low enough ?
do you go slow and controlled on essentric or let the weight drop down on you ?
while developing games with unity the only thing about quaternions i learned was that i do n't need to use them
what has the whole lgbt community done to you ?
double finger guns towards the camera is how i 've always dodged .
maybe you have adhd you should get tested for that
man i hope they figure a way to keep inside conan going but i suppose there is only so much to talk about
i mean you left ages ago and have n't even experienced what materia is like now
there is n't a problem this is n't hopium it 's just straight up materia is healthy i do n't know what else to say
source automod morbin france fortnite america canada china britain porn dream female emoji cringe today book mom furry based wholesome nsfw 1984 batman rock funny lean femboy hands cringe psychopath pokemon russia ratio finger belgium chuck meth copypasta kiss biden bitchok you guys know the words but can you make a story with it ?
dear automod i once saw someone taking a shit and drinking cum mixed with lean so based i decided to do the same thing but i added some new things watching sussy baka among us doing sex with fnaf and selling nft of hog rida and no bitches to your mom who 's a femboy furry since literally 1984 and she 's not a female nor a women btw the putin copypasta is tho dream from china said it he 's a trustable source he got 9999999 social credits and nsfw porn of france and taiwan holding hands with their fingers in the bedroom while typing titans emojis .
stfu source automod morbin france fortnite america canada china britain porn dream female emoji cringe today book mom furry based wholesome nsfw 1984 batman rock funny lean femboy hands cringe psychopath pokemon russia ratio finger belgium chuck meth copypasta kiss biden bitch hilarious maskmorbin france fortnite america canada china britain porn dream female emoji cringe today book mom furry based wholesome nsfw 1984 batman rock funny lean femboy hands cringe psychopath pokemon russia ratio finger belgium chuck meth copypasta kiss biden bitch moyai sex tv
can you link the one you 're talking about ?
i wan na see if you can get something better .
https www.euro.com.pl/laptopy-i-netbooki/acer-laptop-nitro5-i5-16gb-512ssd-3060-w11.bhtml it has 140w rtx 3060 with 12th gen i5 for only 300pln more .
find me something that will impress me more and i will agree with you .
they wo n't get one and if they do they wo n't be damaged long term .
they wo n't be stuck with an incurable disease they do n't want more children so it does n't matter if their fertility is ruined .
they do n't give a shit what happens to you as long as it does n't affect them .
they do not care about you they only put their orgasm first .
long time no chat hope youre doing okay nice internet stranger
yes and no it 's how you see nu-metal in my opinion nu-metal is more into distorted riffs which lacks in ratm 's music however they 're a very unique band along with the prodigy they 're not nu metal but they must be on your playlist
i always like to know if people have the purely free version or a subscription it it even possible for this to happen on the free version ?
my name 's pretty unique but it comes up with my uncle .
plenty of lakes especially south of munich and mountains east of lake konstanz .
did n't get to reply in time to the weird comment but i did read it .
i had a little laugh but in all seriousness it was a bit deranged !
that kind of behaviour would surely get you blacklisted in the rental community .
easy to say that about something that does n't effect you .
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been removed from r/malefashionadvice because
we triage most questions into a recurring megathread called the daily questions thread which you can find at the top of this list here https www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/search ? q=author 3aautomoderator 22daily+questions+-+ask+and+answer+here 21 22 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all .
we 've found this is a better way of people getting answers from knowledgeable users rather than 300-500 standalone posts per day .
these threads often either did n't receive any answers or received a deluge of answers many of which were of poor quality or flat-out wrong .
for further clarification on what is and is not a simple question please see our criteria here https www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/wiki/rules wiki_simple_questions and our frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/wiki/faq for more information .
if you are submitting a discussion post article or otherwise feel that your post has been removed incorrectly please contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/malefashionadvice .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/malefashionadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
the house of commons is in westminster palace round the corner from number 10 .
yup if he has a buyer then he should tell said buyer to start making bids to sign him .
it 's all talk of him wanting to leave but no one is making the effort to make it happen .
is he expecting the club to release him from his contract ?
de marginale belastingdruk is nu het hoogst boven de 80 onder mensen die rond het minimumloon verdienen juist door het afbouwen van de inkomensafhankelijke subsidies bij meer inkomen .
dit artikel noemt een marginale belastingdruk voor de rijkste 10 van 70 onacceptabel maar nu is het voor 25 en dat zijn niet de rijksten aanzienlijk hoger .
i worked mainly in an all cat specialty clinic .
please see your vet as this picture is not enough to give a diagnosis .
you will need someone who is licensed to assess your cats health .
you can expect a vet to obtain vitals and do a physical exam to measure your cats overall condition/impression of health .
you should provide details concerning changes to your cats diet and environment as well as any changes to their normal routine you being out of town .
the location of the hair loss could indicate your cat has been scratching that location — typically with a hind leg where the claws would make contact and cause abrasion to this area .
there are a number of reason this could happen but having a doctor assess your cats ear health is a key factor in making a diagnosis .
best of luck and a speedy recovery to your sweet kitty .
heck this is rotten ... kindly stop sexualising your sister feeding her baby would you ?
it 's a dark day for humanity if proper childcare is considered bad etiquette as well as tacky ...
i think it might have something to do with that cult that he 's in ?
you know the one that rips families apart takes all their money traumatizes them and has been banned from multiple countries for fitting the legal definition of a cult ?
that 's my personal reason for not liking him .
please take a moment to ensure your post follows all the rules https www.reddit.com/r/genshin_lore/wiki/rules .
this is an automated comment and does not mean your post was removed .
travelers you can find a collection of post made related to the current patch here https www.reddit.com/r/genshin_lore/wiki/currentversioncontent .
if you are open to discussing leaks you can find a collection of post made related to future content here https www.reddit.com/r/genshin_lore/wiki/futureversioncontent .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/genshin_lore if you have any questions or concerns .
all jokes aside it really does look like a tree branch
i thought you could choose to work ot if you wanted to .
but ab kya.. isko toh ticket mil jayega election ka .
i am looking to trade upvotes just gave one your way .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/wiki/index and borrower faq's https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/wiki/borrowers .
do not delete any of your r/borrow submissions or comments .
deletions from this subreddit result in an automatic ban .
you must wait 24 hours after making this post before you may make another .
remember to verify your lenders using the lender check tool https www.loanmanager.co/lender-check and the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php .
as a reminder we do not allow our users to operate on both r/borrow and other lending subs .
if you need to contact the moderators please click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fborrow .
failure to read this announcement may result in a ban .
due to a medical emergency i missed a week and a half of work and my paycheck is miserable .
back at work starting tomorrow and approved for short term disability .
need about 60 to get me through next two weeks not sure when disability will send a check so put repayment date as next paycheck .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
verlaag gewoon de inkomsten belasting en laat werken lonen ipv parttimers gratis geld te geven van degene die het wel fulltime werken .
als je niet rond kan komen met 24 uur werken ga je maar meer uren werken .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
tell me again how it 's normal to have a 4000 mortgage for a 2 bed 1 bath .
anytime anywhere bury my face in those cheeks for as long as you want
check the cooler and make sure the pump is running and is mounted properly
the 12900kf is a hot chip but a 240mm aio should n't be throttling at stock speeds for it
in the first column i have which ones i have divided by house .
along the top i have categories for day/night season and scent types such as earthy water floral tea smoke/fire halloween and atmospheric .
i also have columns for which ones i currently own the spreadsheet includes some select fragrances i intend to try so do n't own yet or i might be out of something and which i plan to keep .
for each row i have xs showing which categories each fragrance falls into .
the last column is notes like scent descriptions how much i like it and how it might compare to another on the list .
below the main part of the spreadsheet i have a short wish list notes i like and do n't like layering combinations and past fragrances i 've finished or de-stashed .
and just for fun a list of which ones are suited to each month separated by day and night .
i can quickly see i have a ton of summer scents but not much fall .
and i just enjoy marking the passing of the year in this way .
i 'm actually too i just called channel child-pron-real and posted there trollface picture .
if i start getting ads in my android phone that costs 1000 im gon na move to ios .
im not gon na root my phone or gon na hack my way to get rid off ads .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
it 'll just be that this is an automated one and none of the mods are awake/free to change things .
i would assume it would change the outcome of the discussion very little considering the point of the post is to get people mad about gun deaths so any number that sounds vaguely big enough will work .
you have people upthread comparing these numbers to ukrainian war casualties in a country with 1/10th the population we have good-faith argumentation is not a priority here .
to be clear i am arguing against brainless/disingenuous polemic not gun control which i 'm in support of .
stricter background checks and red flag laws seem like they would prevent a lot of mass shootings .
the gun suicide rate is in itself also a problem to be sure just not one that 's necessarily going to be solved by gun control better access to mental healthcare in a single-payer healthcare system would go a long way .
when i had an abortion years ago with my gf at the time i 'd say that not having a child at a young age was a needed reason though .
why are you complaining about matching with people you swiped right on ?
i ca n't speak for other conditions but in terms of did i think it 's because of the high stigmatization we face from society as well as a way to show unity between the did and osdd community .
it 's a symbol that at least to me represents that we wo n't be dismissed or invalidated or shamed .
fear-mongering about the fake issues she says ... someone pass this dumb cunt a joint
lol i tried sneaking up like that but my destroyers rolled triple ones and im never risking that again
mod 21-22 were the dark ages of neverwinter imo .
the new mod is pretty new player friendly though you need to gear up a bit before you head there .
at least to like 50k and get a few mythic mounts and companions .
this new mod is kind of a more hardcore version of mod 16 ir feels like .
running the same boss fights over and over with a weekly limit instead of daily to get currency to buy the specific gear you want for your character to advance .
the only thing i 'd change about it is i 'd give the dragons more telegraphs and more lines they say at specific times for mechanics like halaster does and i 'd remove the knocking prone fear and charm effects that do n't add anything to gameplay except frustration .
i 've been playing genshin on my hp spectre just fine .
gaming laptops and pcs probably offer higher quality but this laptop should fulfill your requirements .
adjacent genres hip hop powerviolence jungle pop punk hyperpop and emo 🖤
would would i get the prey counters when tetzimoc is n't in my hand ?
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i hate the new equipment stuff i got jammed in and i cant do nothing .
most all of my games all my equipments got messed up
i think it has something to do with cats keeping away mice and rats .
the rates are actually lower for both a and b .
however i had rate locked a week ago with a and now rates have improved significantly .
b can lock my rates after i apply officially .
would be easier to identify if we had a picture that 's not blurry .
i just learn javascript does that but i do not use that language .
analyze few roms and find the frequency of each opcode .
the top 10 most likely covers a 70 of all code .
create a switch for those ones check javascript implementation to understand how many cases when it changes to compiled to interpreted .
line up more switches by opcode frecuency until you cover the entire isa
it is ugly but it should be performant and you will not have to redo everything .
a culture of bullying people who do n't fit the mould
got ta say i first started watching when my gf watched the final season so i actually knew new '' greg before old '' greg but i like both very much .
as it stands the end result is ... no end .
it 's been 15 months and i 'm still waiting for the main story to settle enough that i can see a viable way out .
but i 've written the first half about four times now so there 's that .
when 'workers ' own private businesses they are n't workers they are petit bourgeois .
the purpose of the revolution is for workers as a class to seize the means of production across society .
socialism does not have private businesses at all because it does n't have private property a co-op is impossible in socialism .
when marx talked about co-ops they meant that the way that a factory would be organised at the level of the shop floor say by a workers council might be similar to how a co-operative organises it 's self .
but it would be producing purely for use for the betterment of society in general not for the individual profits of the 'workers ' who work there .
unless you needed the queue to be thread safe a slice is good enough for these use cases .
in most cases breaks are unpaid working more than 5 hours .
you 're scheduled 5.5 hours therefore you 're supposed to take a 30 minute break .
had your shift started 30 minutes later or ended 30 minutes early you 'd only get a paid 15 minute break .
easier thats what im trying to somewhat avoid i want to make it a little hard to fly so noobs need to learn but easy to learn how to operate the plane
the simple answer is that they 're the feminine counterparts to finn and jake the human or gum golem and their animal companion .
though lady and pb 's relationship does n't go anywhere near as deep as finn and jake 's it 's pretty clear that there is a caring and long-lasting friendship there .
however after having the pups lady seems to have settled in for the family life or making sure tv does n't starve to death playing wow .
honestly i would 've liked to have seen more of her in the later seasons though i also understand that she does work best in short bursts .
stop being so stubborn it wo n't end well .
buy a smarter brain to think some tactics to get out of here
i was talking about this but he wants this in laptop and i want to use it using unifying keyboard .
in the interests of balance i am going to become patriotic towards every country .
wanted to say that that 's not his cage and i only used it to take him to work with me since his cage is big and heavy .
also his feathers are trimmed because i could not take him out of his cage without him getting on the highest furniture and not letting me catch him so we trimmed them in hopes he 'd be more manageable and tame and now he 's the friendliest lil birb ever🥰 obviously we 're letting them grow now
i occasionally get fatlogic stuff on my fyp but i usually hit not interested '' in the options tab .
i encounter them enough on instagram when i see low calorie meals on my recommended i do n't want to see it on tiktok too .
correction i actually now have 4 of them and 3 croms ! !
if anyone in the pdx area would like one of the bb plants or a crom let me know !
the artwork for this release contains additional and redundant text that is prohibited by digital music platforms .
the only text that should be displayed on artwork should be the relevant release title artist s name s and/or label name .
the title artist and label names present on artwork must also match those in the metadata of your release .
please amend your artwork to rectify this and see our artwork guidelines https youtu.be/dqw4w9wgxcq for more details on artwork requirements .
bruvac the grandiloquent https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/5/b/5b43bdc7-e49e-4848-9101-6cad2ecab4dc.jpg ? 1632261753 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=bruvac 20the 20grandiloquent sf https scryfall.com/card/jmp/10/bruvac-the-grandiloquent ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/5b43bdc7-e49e-4848-9101-6cad2ecab4dc ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/bruvac-the-grandiloquent
cut your losses https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/3/1/31184dd0-4080-44c1-a3e0-f6d10a4d1fcb.jpg ? 1649471806 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=cut 20your 20losses sf https scryfall.com/card/snc/38/cut-your-losses ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/31184dd0-4080-44c1-a3e0-f6d10a4d1fcb ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/cut-your-losses
i told my mom i was having an emergency c-section and i would call her when we were ready for guests .
she 's emotionally abusive and i did n't want her to be there because i knew she would n't support me and would make it all about her she still did after the fact but i was less vulnerable then and could take it .
i told my nurses that i just wanted my husband and my sister and off i went to surgery .
i found out after that my mom showed up to the hospital and demanded to be let in because her baby was in surgery having a baby ! .
the nurses at the front desk shut her down .
my mom refused to leave and started screaming at the nurses .
they told her that i had a list of approved visitors and she was n't on it .
they then had security escort her off the premises all while she was screaming .
labor and delivery nurses do n't fuck around with that .
tbh i did n't really read janna 's lore lol i had no clue she had a tie in with the darkin .
still think soraka wins this celestials have been shown to have some absurd reality warping powers .
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
you clearly do not understand the meaning of this sub .
if you have a library of experts that want to sit on reddit all day giving childish easy to follow answers to people do let us know .
like this question plenty of the comments got the general idea across in a way that most people will understand which is the point of this sub not to garner expert level opinions .
if they want an in-depth explanation they can always head over to r/askscience .
but if they 're here they probably do n't want that .
if someone is using this sub chances are they want the layman 's explanation .
for p.i.s starting out they do not get these benefits right ?
all my hardware except the actual pc and it 's components not the cpu are old .
i built a custom linux version focused to cybersec streaming and crypto trading that had issues ... to the point where i gave up and just went windows .
windows is ok the fan ramps up for the tiniest things even after changing the fan activation values .
i would advise getting the vesa mount and the all the additional things such as extra usb ports but not the rgb lighting as they really have no value .
you can not connect an external gpu unless you go the m2 route and the x300 is limited to the zen 3 architecture which means it wo n't support the latest zen4 post 2022 .
there are few and spaced by about a week including updates random restarts in windows but it 's because iv thrown everything under the sun at it and it 's installed like for example windows powertoys keep giving me 1 to 3 of cpu usage as i use them extensively .
splashtop xwired takes 3 to use my old ipad as an external display finding hardware codecs for obs allowed me to keep my streaming to around 5 of cpu usage with a lot of things going on .
the amd software is pretty much a god send and amd fsr with lossless scaling from steam just buy it allows me to play aaa games at 50 res and you can barely tell the difference or hear the fan noise when streaming it to my 150inch projector with firestick 4k .
the 1gbps ethernet is connected and a further 2.5gbps with 3 usb 3 ports hub is connected and my 2.5gbps laptop is connected to ethernet hub with internet sharing enabled .
show my laptop can help with obs streaming through ndi through game streaming and local rdp and the connect feature meaning you can project one display on another computer ... .all through ethernet .
then iv covered some of the vents so that the light produced is n't too much for me to go to sleep easily .
this does warm it up though i 'm considering just adding some black tape directly to the led .
there is an old phone a rca capture card and an old android tablet that acts as a touch portal device all connected to the pc allowing me a stream deck without paying a chunk ... thinking of buying the 12 dollar software ebut i do n't use it as much .
if you take care of it ... it could be a great quiet machine i would advise getting the best non metal thermal paste you can and leaving it alone in a corner or under the desk but protected from dust .
i mean that depends on your definition of too large to ignore . ''
so if what i 'm building works in safari great but i 'm not dedicating resources to ensuring compatability .
nato and us will search for these high value targets ukraine with fuck them up !
been trying to find one as well lmk if you have any success
just found out about this game yesterday after stumbling across this video https youtu.be/_bdclzhu-ho so i looked it up and ...
all post titles must begin with your city location written out like this do not abbreviate no space between words saltlakecity
disregarding this rule will result in a ban from posting in ghl .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gloryholelocations if you have any questions or concerns .
so just being up front about it if it were n't for sharpe i wouldnt be watching lol .
he is definitely the big selling point for me .
with that being said im looking forward to seeing how gb3 is coming along as it would be really nice for him to pop and hopefully watford will outclass most of players in summer league as he will likely be logging a lot of minutes for us .
also this summer league will probably also tell us if jabari is someone who can log minutes for us this season .
yeah that bagged leafy produce is a bad idea trust me .
oh my god dude this drives me nuts too haha .
i had to reacquaint myself with the plot of this one but now i remember it 's one of my favorites too .
cheryl and the pig 's heart remains a classic .
the boy earned it after the way he out dogged joel emfraud
i do n't think you need to go through that trouble though .
it seems like you would n't more gem fragment worth of gems from doing it that way then just using the 5 star to craft .
this does n't necessarily mean we need to go as far as medicare for all but for the love of god our health system is atrocious .
this does n't even mean medicine but treatment for mental illness obviously someone is mentally sick if they want to shoot up a school full of innocent children .
i have no sympathy for someone who commits these actions but i 'm not big on the idea of determinism .
a person a year prior to murder is n't a murderer .
it 's our job to convince them to see the world differently .
i would like to get one eventually but they are fairly expensive and i am not a huge fan of the seated liberty design .
red can pair it with some demon horns and gray hoodie
plasma abuse is another label that puts out neo grime stuff .
it wo n't let me dm u for some reason .
i do n't have only fans but i can send on payment methods
that 's unreal i just put one of those stickers on the other day .
i can confirm that the bird is still there and still looking hip as hell with his backwards hat .
many catholic rad-trads have heretical views as well such as an implicit or explicit denial of the indefectibility of the church .
if one holds that the new mass is invalid or sinful or contains heresy or in itself harms the faith of those who attend then one is denying the indefectibility of the church .
i 'm on 12.5 and seems to be just right i 'm also on wellbutrin for depression fwiw
first bleach does n't really do much depth or whatever the hell the guy is talking about .
yoruichi is a strong female character who 's hot headed and tosen wants revenge .
lille comes to the story in the last arc and mila is fodder .
so whatever point being made about depth and character arc is stupid and that 's a very low bar .
second the definition of black character is weird at least going by that guy 's definition .
the guy picks yoruichi who probably is n't black and also picks mila rose ... the fraccion of harribel.. when he could have picked harribel herself who has a great design is given respect and basically better in everything and also has better depth .
he has a darker skin color like yoruichi but he 's mexican/japanese .
third the guy picks characters that were introduced in different decades and say bleach was the first to do it .
so i ca n't give you 1 concrete answer because the initial point is so wrong but you can really look at a character like canary from hunter x hunter who is portrayed really well as a character while also having a really nice design .
that book messed me up it was on my mind for ages after i was done reading .
or when you buy a 40 lutron dimmer and get back to the job and there 's a light almond toggle in the box .
do n't message him consistently or call or try to make it up to him .
just drop one message detailing how you 're genuinely apologetic for not listening to him intjs take their word very seriously and how you value his advise and that he can take as much time as he want .
it 's possible that the ship intended to wake up fishburnes character but woke jim up instead .
it could explain the necrosis he was suffering from .
personally i think it was pure chance that jim was woken .
i tested with all reteiners but i got a lot of falso positives for some skins and gathering materials .
usually everyone is selling around 7k and then someone appears and get it low to 1k then it sells fast once .
that just makes the app shows that the item has a good demand but sometimes it doesnt .
not from kentucky but i am a therapist in the south who has worked with children in foster care as well as parents .
typically if children are removed from the home parents do have to participate in therapy both for themselves individually as well as family therapy with their child .
this is usually a crucial part of a case plan for reunification .
typically they are required to do so even after the children are placed back with them since they will still have regular check-in‘s with cps .
failure to do so prolongs getting their kids back among other things .
look around for used drives online as many people ditch them in favour of adding a gdemu which i would actually recommend over replacing the drive .
arenas has too much downtime it takes like 2 minutes after a fight ends for the next one to start
thanks to your guide ever since i read it i totally dominate fanny with khufra .
my positioning is almost 100 and it 's almost always a guaranteed win when i go against fanny .
i also never use flicker or sprint anymore on khufra against her because of my positioning allowing me to have extra cc in petrify .
playing mm i know how to navigate around her until she runs out of energy and kite her while she 's mid air .
and yeah it 's an absurd seed when i saw it for these banners i was like 😳😳
it 's a treat when people on meth decide to watch a movie .
they 're almost as annoying as the people who vape nobody wants to watch a movie through a cloud of blueberry lung butter .
alcohol is also extremely carcinogenic and a great contributor to many cancer cases .
no you are wrong dude its my pre-ejaculation after watch memes on reddit 🤣🤣🤣
what is the deal with these munchies posting descriptions of the post that 's right in front of us ?
let his followers socially darwin themselves into smelly isolation .
my dad says bus me mat jaa phone chori ho jaayega .
but after reading these comments that 's a no .
use a small pot and fill it with oil .
90 of the us population ca n't even name that president .
thank you u/veravane for posting your submission has been successfully posted in r/hairymuffs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hairymuffs if you have any questions or concerns .
the guy 's profile makes it pretty clear this is satire .
love the collage of pop art meets surrealism in a psychodelic fueled dreamscape 🌈🧿
guess the worst to me are xayah people instalocking her in rank the moment they see i 'm a rakan main mostly turns out to be their first game with her or at least barely played at all turns into int all the time great feeling .
just had a rank match and i wanted to play rakan but a first time xayah locked .
awww too bad but u ca n't deal with that anymore give me back the flaming dravens
i can kind of explain to you what happened and why the game is n't as fun anymore .
siege has sbmm in casual for god knows what reason and as you win more matches you start to encounter higher skilled players exclusively for the most part .
in my case as i 'm from sea it also means i see the same names every 5 games or so .
at this point in the game i play ranked matches to have steady chill games with gold or plats and casual if i 'm squadding with friends .
solo queuing casual is a sure fire way to ragequit .
maybe one day when i feel like overcoming the wall of diamonds champions and the occasional pl player i 'll queue into casual to git gud '' .
i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i do n't even know what the term protest '' means .
hopefully we see that with the med side before rec comes down the road !
if anything you were way too nice by buying him a ticket after he abandoned your family for 2 weeks .
i would probably move on if i were you .
someone who loves you would n't try manipulating you like this .
it 's also really gross that his family feels so entitled to your money .
you 're right i probably should n't be greedy and get the 14 ' pro .
i have a feeling the longevity on that thing will easily surpass the air .
which i tell you in order to make the point that sometimes it 's a workflow problem and not a processing power problem .
i definitely feel like working with hardware constraints makes you a better if slightly producer and forces you to approach your workflow in creative ways .
though even saying constraints '' feels wrong when you know what kind of hoops people had to jump through decades ago .
but with all the shiny new plugins eating away at the processor the old machines just do n't do anymore .
though as you 've stressed in your original comment it ultimately comes down to what you 're making .
you can make good music with a few tracks and barely any effects if you 're talented enough and could probably do it on a 2008 macbook .
i reread it all the time it 's such a masterpiece
total welfare also carries a stigma of being worthless and lazy abusing the system for personal gain .
albeit my family does nab whatever grants we can find farming family
bro ... if that 's the biggest issue in your life .
moreover it 's just not a falling knife ... it 's hot potato with razor blades and you 're the only one playing catch .
use your experience to interview and identify the most qualified consultants .
present your findings to decision-makers in the most powerpointy way .
put it on them and make sure you explain in very non-tech words that the company they choose must commit to fall-out/support for at least a year .
if you like this post make sure to visit the links below for more tiktok girls videos
tiktok bikini girls miki eterna and foxy reid https www.reddit.com/r/tiktoktiktoktiktoktik/comments/vj6fn7/tiktok_bikini_girls_mikieterna_and_foxy_reid
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/simplybeautifulwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry it just sucks i played it once and it was so shitty sure the graphics are good and all but it really has low standards it 's a top of the line decently crappy shooter game it 's a wannabe apex in my opinion i just really do n't like shooters but something about this game just really did n't put off my type of vibe im more into action parkour horror or casual games .
but idk i 'd rather play any shooter game other than valorant .
true detective so the next guy does n't have to go google it .
this subreddit does not allow videos to be posted .
you might want to consider posting to r/videos instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whitepeopletwitter if you have any questions or concerns .
this is the first time i 've ever seen em after almost 36 years of playing outside so that was cool .
i just read that they love hot temps so maybe all of my other um carrion encounters have been out of season for them or another scavenger got to the parts first .
they are very pretty bugs in color and shape like a flat fat firefly .
i 'm glad they were making quick work of that carcass one less midnight snack for my corgi to try n scarf down on his bedtime rounds .
he will definitely roll in whatever they leave behind though lol
i would have thought it 'd be at checkout when they upsell you on their route package protection .
i 'll see about adding that to my order .
all he needs is targets and he 'll be a stud .
the main problem i see here is you invested too evenly amongst all the characters acquired .
not entirely your fault as the format of the event is something reminiscent of other kinds of games .
and so without a doubt people seeing it knew exactly how to handle the development of it as one progresses .
what you are going to need to do is figure out the enemy weakness and do the following
1x tank type 1x attack type 1x healer usually the flute player lady who is third in that top row .
the healer kind of sucks it 's a single target heal and only comes after the gauge is charged .
but she does also double as a ranged attack .
having a tank type shield icon is essential because they do actually snag aggro quite easily .
and your extra attacks should be a strong melee like the quantum knight 4th in middle row of your image or a ranged attacker .
the quantum knight can semi-save themselves from extra damage with their ability a teleport charging attack .
since you have benares at rank 2 and kallen at rank 2 you can stick those two into a party and fill in with a third attacker or a healer .
you 're gon na have to play around with the combinations because you do n't always have to have a tank and you do n't always have to have a healer/support .
sometimes all out attackers can actually get the job done very efficiently .
i 'm not at my home at the time of this comment to figure out what exactly 1-25 is in terms of enemy combinations .
may i ask what this osnin relation to ? ...
i know it does n't matter of the overall message '' he exudes but i 'm just curious .
the chances are higher that it 'll be your cat to cause an infection with a scratch/bite rather than a smol spider that is basically just a few millimeters and that most cases wo n't even pierce the skin .
i 'm pretty sure no one ever got hospitalized for a jumper ' but people always find new ways to surprise me .
thats why i do n't sometimes my dog comes over with a toy and i 'll take a few minute break to play with her or other such things .
do n't want to deal with people that are set on hour aura means no waste
yes they believe that a business owner should not be thrown in jail because they entered into a voluntary contract with a person under an arbitrary age that 's set by government .
i hope you will respect my honesty i 'm catholic and it is called a brown scapular '' .
it is commonly held in my religion that our lady said that anyone who wears it and dies will go to heaven .
i am not the most practicing of catholics and while i do believe i wear it primarily for my parents as catholicism was what i was raised with .
mine is a 3000 series as you can see from my flair .
i just pulled the blue refractor 2019 bowman chrome auto 150 tonight .
yes i still suck at it but i can click on heads i guess
are n't you a little young to be operating a grill and having beer ?
join this community r/f4m1 r/onlyfansvenz r/kiksextinghot r/latinashot1 r/kiksextingbody r/sexuniverty join the telegram group https t.me/joinchat/zck6tmxx-wfknjex
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kiksextingg if you have any questions or concerns .
cast can be all over the place but for an entree and a drink at most places you 're around 25 bucks .
they 'll give you containers using your own is weird and they prob wo n't care but never heard of that ever .
water bottle fill ups are at their discretion but if it 's not busy i 'd imagine a lot of places wo n't care .
there are also tons of fountains with bottle fill up stations all over the place in parks .
it 's crazy easy to get a lib card .
the ending had me shocked but i kinda saw it coming
just wan na say you sound like an awesome dad .
i was reading the divine comedy and i 'm pretty sure dante goes to titan towers at some point in the inferno section
thanks to inteoryx videos are supported even without twitter api v2 support !
mine is cicadas and nothing can cover up their noise .
this is why i ca n't be a lefty thinking i am smart informed non-ideological while being completely the opposite
it looks like you 're asking about or discussing dmdm hydantoin .
we have some information we want to share with you .
dmdm hydantoin is a formaldehyde-releasing preservative that 's in some hair and skin products .
most people do n't have issues with this but it is possible to be allergic to formaldehyde which means you 'll likely https onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/j.1600-0536.1988.tb02802.x also react to dmdm hydantoin .
your doctor or an allergist would be able to confirm this .
we obviously do n't know if that 's what 's happening here but hair loss is a known side effect of allergic reactions that cause contact dermatitis .
formaldehyde is a known carcinogen but in tiny amounts in a rinse off product it 's not likely to have a health impact in the grand scheme of things unless you are allergic .
unlike the devacurl allegations the dmdm hydantoin controversy and any related lawsuits is tied to this specific ingredient .
if you do happen to have issues with hair loss and dmdm hydantoin you should consider checking for a formaldehyde allergy just in case as there are several other ingredient https www.contactdermatitisinstitute.com/formaldehyde.php you might be sensitive to as well .
if i 'm wrong i probably just picked up on a keyword in your title please ignore me !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curlyhair if you have any questions or concerns .
i just know salaries are low and also salary vs gdp rate in china is among the lowest in the whole world .
which means government takes more benefits away from labors than most of other countries .
i do n't see us being a title contender in the next five years .
bucks celtics heat and sixers will be at top again this year .
we will be happy if we make the playoffs and win one or two games this year and that 's also the goal of front office .
our best chance to get better is if we draft a game-changing player .
this submission has been automatically removed by automoderator for receiving numerous reports from the community .
the human moderation team has been notified and will manually review this automated action to see if it was valid .
a human moderator was not involved in this removal !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/3ds if you have any questions or concerns .
seeing a thick hot woman working out at the gym today .
just a glance or 2 but that 's it loved that she actually puts effort into her workout .
this was at the big mirror/dumbbells area while i was bench pressing .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
yah they really looked decked and developed unlike in past regions
as many said use google flights or kayak to hunt fare prices filtering for skyteam flights only .
i 've found mid week to be decent pricing historically but there are always exceptions .
the biggest thing is being flexible with days times and booking in advance is the best way to get a good price .
if you want to know if it 's actually a competitive price perform the kayak google search unfiltered and you 'll see where delta comes in at high or low .
just note everything is pricey right now even delta loyals are having to fly different carriers at times because the dl flights can get pretty expensive in comparison .
hoping that they do n't change the rp price in garena
my only wish was that they made the level actually dark not fake dark .
they tried some atmospheric things the area by the poison tree was super foggy but real darkness would 've been great .
you can just tell the mod thought becoming a mod of a subreddit would get him all kinds of respect and pussy and now he realises he is still the same asshat as before but now he can at least ban people .
please reply to this comment with an explanation about how this post fits r/selfawarewolves and have an excellent day !
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfawarewolves if you have any questions or concerns .
i did an google image search and the result page is totally monochrome ...
gorgeous i 'd love to spend the night with you it be full of orgasms for you
you 'll be able to take gen chem and big stuff like that but a language class with 12 seats prob not .
it 's always good to have backups and tbh have a bank of classes you might take eventually .
i do n't think your advisor can or would move you up that 's not really a thing .
this year has been extremely difficult but i told my husband i would try something other than bod before the end of the year .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any suggestion or support of harm violence or death and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
for those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit please click here https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria .
if you want to help make this community a better place consider applying here today https www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/sskg6a/rpolitics_is_looking_for_more_moderators !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
they are going to blend into any tropical tree leaves .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=alot3204
crystal rope by gayngs is the funkiest song since the law and order theme .
also jv on the messina in the background of closure by taylor swift is amazing also love how the guitar on cowboy like me oozes with this aura/the background vocals are chefs kiss
some internet nazi dated another internet nazi who was a catboy so that happened and i do n't know what to think of that
came to the comments looking for the right spot to add the implication lol
it looked better in the lineart i swear haha i 'll keep that in mind tho
i graduated with 4 weeks to go of term 4 secured a full time temp job for the following year and taught casually for the rest of that year .
thanks to inteoryx videos are supported even without twitter api v2 support !
what in the actual hell are you talking about ?
the right has for decades claimed the scotus had no legitimacy that it was full of activist judges .
shouts require you to embody '' a quality you take the word into yourself .
that 's why dragonrend was made into such a big deal and considered by some to be evil .
using a whisper for a shout that 's supposed to embody power would n't work very well i do n't think
set up for basic attention token and use brave browser
the two most important things for making rice 1 rinse it thoroughly in a strainer so it 's not starchy/does n't clump and 2 jasmine rice .
bring to boil once it 's starts to roll cover it and turn heat down to low for 18 minutes
and to get the sauce ... u/2dgt3d a hand please ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/eeveensfw if you have any questions or concerns .
coco but miguel 's passion for music is replaced with basic human decency anton hates that
bordelle according to a former pot very well made adjustable and their collections for each year are designed to be able to be worn with previous seasons
honey birdette though a former pot let me know that honey was found to be stealing bordelle 's designs
it 's pretty apparent that donald does n't control their appearances down to the detail rather the magic just automatically changes them if they 're going to stand out .
her np is different visually depending on her ascension settings but the effect remains identical .
funny thing how babies need to eat every few hours .
i already knew you were american i was just giving an example because i disagree
typically they put themselves before others and treat themselves as the main character viewing people as useful or not useful to themselves .
relationships are typically transactional weighing what they get in return .
i always have good luck with the kootenay ride share when i 'm coming in from the interior .
your account must be 7 days old before you can make a post on raobj .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
when i was 18 my only running specific gear were nike bowerman shoes and random running shorts shout out to marshall 's and i never thought twice about 'better ' alternatives for shirts or socks .
that said once i upgraded my socks and shirts there was no going back and part of me resents that haha .
neither of those items make me faster just more comfortable maybe even softer haha .
for me i had to click on the link login through the link and then click the original link again
i think they 'd have a good chance but law is tricky .
i think he 's the key to defeating the straw hats .
everyone else is either too weak or plays the brute force game in which case the straw hats win .
it 's a smiling asian woman with a missing arm in an ad for prosthetic limbs with touchscreen capabilities .
the healthcare establishment i work for does n't allow us any overtime .
we 're severely short staffed across the entire medical group and they 're pushing work completion on us without allowing any extra time for it .
i would gladly take an extra hour here or there but yea ...
in all honesty after experimenting with vd for a while i just gave up and changed socket colour to red .
op please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post .
commenters please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed .
if you see anyone breaking the rules please report the post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/strangerthings if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll admit its a very outlandish/extraordinary claim and thus requires extraordinary backing
buuuuut that said if there were to be evidence of a 100ft cephalopod its at least worth considering how intelligent such a creature may indeed have been
i think she said she basically blacked out and ca n't remember much of it it was that hard on her
if you 're combat arms look up canadian ranger patrol groups .
we have excessive funding and hire cbt arms dudes for ranger instructors .
you train the red hoodie guys in field stuff all class b positions almost impossible to not get 6 year renewing contracts .
wo n't out myself too much but we have like 4 vacant spots in the cr coy and do bgrs full cost moves like reg force .
i am support staff currently done every component the caf offers over 10 years .
my understanding of the current scientific consensus is that all the matter in the universe originated from the big bang meaning it is finite .
as far as space itself i understand that it is supposed to be expanding outwards rather than just existing endlessly .
you can see one of my other comments on why i believe that is .
if it 's really this big of a problem for you you should have had the foresight to have a civil conversation about it with her ahead of time .
but no instead you chose to make a big deal out of it on a hugely important day when nobody else even seemed to care .
15-20 gallons for 1-2 and then 5-10 gallons for every other one but as long as it 's 25-30 gallons it 'll be fine but if it 's too small they can get territorial and aggressive
i agree with the other poster who said you should study the two separately at first .
when you 're learning julia one thing you have to be careful of as someone with r and python experience is to see julia as a different paradigm than those languages .
a lot of employees who were let go have also switched industries as well a lot of them out of frustration so they 're not coming back to aviation .
so as much as the airlines are clamouring for people they 've got no one to hire .
op def felt a lot more pain because of a booty piercer sadly and they the piercer tried using a hoop for god knows what reason too
at the end of the day this is supposed to be an exciting and fun mystery adventure not a tragedy .
i watch it for the escapism for the fun of seeing weird stuff happen and watching these characters solve mysteries .
i 'm not watching it because i want to feel sad .
my issue is more that the show seems to love introducing characters just to kill them off .
some people have to die sure but for example do they have to kill eddie ?
i do n't think the emotional impact of his death is enough to justify not having him in the last season .
i do n't like facing mk but honestly he is n't that good at equal levels
i can never bring myself to snitch because he kills the farmers if you do
friendship with heineken over now skolzinha is my best friend https imgur.com/a/9qjpoxt
these sources say the same thing but with less jargon you know so that i can communicate effectively ... also i used most of those same sources on a college english final and earned an a .
it 's not like every single mainline pokémon title has been the exact same game dressed up slightly differently for the last 25 years or so ... .oh wait ... .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
you have failed to ask a question in your title
your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title .
double check everything including punctuation and try posting again .
if you 're wanting to tell a story or explain something please try r/self .
if you 're needing advice of any kind try r/advice
if you 're looking for a fact based answer try r/answers
if you 're looking for something that has slipped your mind try r/tipofmytongue .
anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs .
if you need more clarification or feel this was an error please contact the mods and provide a link to this post thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
1 fully darken the eye sockets not necessarily black but more like a very dark brown i find that vgc charred earth or citadel contrast wyldwood are ideal for this
2 within the dark oval of the eye carefully place a dot '' of fairly thin white or off-white paint within each side of the oval leaving dark paint in the middle for the iris/pupil and the entire outer edge of the oval still dark .
the end result might be a little cartoony but i like that it 's fairly simple to pull off the only really tough part is doing it so that the pupils line up but with practice it gets to be second nature and you can position the dots of white in a lot of ways to give expression to the eyes .
if you make a mistake you can darken the socket and try again .
if you 're going for pens your best bet is a lightfast water-resistant ink pen with an 005/0.2mm tip i have had good success with brands like sakura micron series for general detail work .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitetits if you have any questions or concerns .
i have two patterned rainbow scarves myself one pastel one darker .
also there are usually lots of lacy tablecloths at goodwill if you want them colorful you could try dyeing it yourself .
if you do n't use crystals how about plants ?
houseplants potted herbs and cut flowers would all be lovely .
hey op feel like a jerk yet for posting this photo of a probably cancer stricken couple on the internet for fake points ?
listen to them when they say they want to try x .
if they want to quit x. expose them to a variety of topics so they can explore what they like or do n't like .
please make sure that you 've censored all non-celebrity names to avoid harassment .
check out our subreddit rules to ensure you have n't violated any other guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yourjokebutworse if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've had a brand new 2500 for a couple years now .
the 2014 my dad drives cause his f250 is always broke down .
rinnegan can only be unlocked when you have the 6 paths chakra
otsutsuki 's have six paths chakra which is why many of them have rinnegans
they can also fly which shows they have six paths chakra
if its a thread that is critical of it i dont see why not .
if the thread is more about enjoying it then id tuck back the criticisms
you 're not the bank you have nothing to offer .
its not receiving your product you paid for with the merchant services
is it a reference to the person who bedazzled their steering wheel and dash essentially turning them into shrapnel grenades when the airbags deploy ?
he 's the ideal capitalist all them children and mothers will have plenty of hush money to help keep the economy floating .
from everything i 've ever heard you 're either lying about what you 're doing or masturbating while watching a train pass .
and according to the upvotes a few others as well .
this was a fantastic breakdown if only more people saw this and understood we 'd have less but but but their guy did bad thing s first ! ''
you are either the elites or you go under the boot .
taking money from some of the boot people to make a small section of the boot people happy is not going to help us .
you ca n't tell me messi cristiano ronaldinho r9 etc .
the pay and workplace are meh but it pays the bills keeps me afloat financially and helps fund my hobbies/vacations/things i need to live .
i do n't love it and i do n't look forward to work but i find that most of my coworkers do n't .
but there are little things that get you through the day like other coworkers or when you help somebody out or when a patient/family really appreciate your help .
a better way to phrase it is know how to deal with toxicity .
it kind of rubs me wrong that people write this off as saying oh smite 's just especially toxic for some unknown reason .
every single moba community is known for being very toxic .
and that 's entirely due to how moba 's work .
take a look at other team based '' games out there .
in r6 you are much more effective if you plan and coordinate pushes with your team .
but you can also just carry a game on your own and pick up the slack of your teammates with nothing but your own skill map knowledge and precision .
thanks to the leveling and item system native to this genre your own skill is n't the end all in how well you perform .
the end all in moba 's is you either keep the level pace or fall behind and become obsolete .
it is at level 20 but before that it 's a 5 1v1 's '' gamemode .
the solo is responsible for the opposing solo the jungle is responsible for the opposing jungle etc .
and if you lose it you and the entire rest of your team suffer the consequences .
say you 're playing jungle and you successfully ganked duo lane and kill the adc but as you kill him you see your solo die for the third time in 8 min .
and he died for the exact same reason as the other two .
he refuses to buy wards and wo n't stop pushing up to the opponents tower line .
you quickly back in duo to the delightful tune of your solo spam pinging you on the map and calling you useless .
and when you leave fountain you see your entire jungle has been cleared out thanks to the solo 's actions and now the solo and jungle have a sizable lead on you ... . you can probably guess what happens from here .
and being at the mercy of your teammates holding up in their own 1v1 causes all this toxicity you speak of .
i spent a good while writing this all out but i think it is really important for people to realize why moba 's are so toxic to begin with instead of writing it off as a mystery .
undesirable outcomes caused through something that 's out of your control is one of the most infuriating things for a human to experience .
now why the fuck did i write all this ?
well it was for background for what i really wanted to say .
my main point of this wall of text was to highlight how important your teammates are to your success in moba 's .
and like i said earlier you need them and they need you .
if someone is doing something dumb that is costing your team all you can do is respectfully give suggestions to help them out .
there 's a lot of fragile egos in this game and you need to treat everyone like they 're on edge .
no one is going to take a complete stranger insulting them seriously .
if they ignore you or insult you then you just manage as best as you can and hope they figure it out .
insulting pissing matches ping spamming none of it has ever helped a team win .
just treat all your teammates no matter how undeserving of it they are with respect .
that 's the best way to help with this game 's toxicity .
video available on https onlyfans.com/thisguythatgirl7 free to our subscribers and for purchase on manyvids
to avoid spam and promote new discussion if a particular topic has reached our front page columbine 's hot section within the last 30 days new submissions regarding that topic will not be approved .
frequently posted pictures and topics will only be approved if they offer additional commentary or discussion points .
if there has been an abundance of past discussion on a specific topic even if it 's been longer than 30 days since being discussed the post may be removed in an effort to keep discussions fresher for the community .
ooh i have a question for the repenting gay dad .
are there any tangible ways you think your come-to-jesus of why you did it will translate to your parenting ?
i have no idea how i 'm hoping you 'll answer just wondering if you 've thought about it in that context .
it 's when you 're talking about the fandom itself rather than the show .
this fandom heavily supports samxalex and does n't support samxjordan a lot . ''
i hate to belabor the point but the times on that page are still made up .
they are legally required to do it in 40 days .
some towns will get it to you in a week .
some towns will take well over 60 or 90 days .
there is nothing magical about 60 or 90 just because it is on the ma.gov website which is known to have other erroneous/misleading info about gun ownership as well .
1 the modeling process was a lot more trial and error than expected though this is my first 3d-modeling process .
my friend told me about autodesk inventor f360 and topology optimisation and i decided to use it to make a mouse .
i made 3d-sketches of a slightly modified viper mini 3d-scan stl thickened them added a support frame and removed unneccessary material with f360 topology optimisation .
2 i printed the first prototypes with my school 's sls printer and this is the second prototype ordered from jlcpcb .
3 cost like 15€ shipping for 10 mice so basically free although only 4 of the mice ended up being usable
i do not recommend this material for any final product .
the surface finish is good but it shatters on impact and the density is high .
this could be a sub 35 gram mouse if printed with better materials pa12 pa11cf only recommended for cheap price .
i 'd love to try out sculpteo 's pa 11 cf carbon filled nylon .
everyone has anime girl pfp like god damn chose something else 😂
why should only women be able to afford to stay home ?
i think its one of the newer videos he made around the time he made a lot of 411 videos .
learning a collection of techniques to try and subdue an attacker seems almost impossible in the context of live sparring .
fights are chaotic adrenalinized and do not follow a script .
unlike what is taught in many km curriculums the techniques that you will learn are very difficult to implement in even a basic low key sparring session .
yes we still need to learn all the techniques and some will be useful but sparring will really instill a sense of reality re chaos and angles speed spacing and actually trying to land a punch or take your opponents back .
think of auto/home insurance in the us as a padawan .
and the jedi master is the us medical insurance system !
sometimes it 's our fault at times it 's not .
i lost 2 online friends i lost nick bc i freaked out on him .
dave just disappeared on me for no apparent reason .
i know for sure i did n't say anything to hurt him .
red too many jobs means economy is not slowing down inflation gon na run hotter
green jobs come in higher but slowing growth means inflation will go down later
either way strong jobs despite rising rates mean stagflation is n't a concern .
most likely fed sees inflation has peaked does n't do 75bps again .
unlikely the economy is so strong we gon na do 75-100bps because it 's the rates that we need not the ones we deserve
the one where you were referring that someone is retarded and there were mentions of rape abuse etc .
sometimes i wonder if a bowling team should cancel the wicket so do n't appeal the catch .
some vegan stuff is delicious and i 'm a big meat eater .
find an electrician that will give you a free estimate on upgrade .
the estimate will tell you what your options are and what your costs will be
best thing to do with those is have a good loot filter you 're familiar with so you know which ones are definitely good which ones might be good and which are n't worth looking at at all without having to even identify them .
highly recommend using awakened poe trade and just start spamming the keyboard short cut to price check stuff .
it 's huge for learning what 's valuable and what 's not .
feel free to say no but if you play on pc i can give you the exalts and whatever else of value on my current character .
i 'm done for the league and never play standard so it 's worthless for me .
think i have like 5-10 raw exalts decent amount of chaos plus probably 20ish or so exalts worth of things like astragali/stacked decks and shit .
totally get not wanting to ruin your sense of progression though since that 's what the game is all about haha .
just figured i 'd offer since someone did the same to me when i was first starting out
low fidelity aircraft are really a relic of the past even mods like the a-4 t-45 are full fidelity with clickable cockpits and eternal flight models .
the best plane to start with is the full fidelity aircraft that interests you the most because you 're going to have to read study and practice to fly it well so motivation and or determination are required .
still preferable to carrying an unwanted pregnancy to term though .
their cookies are good but they 're certainly not that good imo i 've never understood the borderline cult following it has .
i have had quite a bit of good luck with many brands .
when you find some brands you want to try subscribe to their email list .
ice is a big no no orchids are tropical plants they need straight up water not ice
we really need a cdm but west ham are n't selling rice this summer so i wonder just use ampadu and wait a season .
sometimes i log in just to get the daily and close it out .
now that i do n't need those rewards as much sometimes i do n't even bother .
that 's why i try to format it as my dad 22m and i 43f
i have trouble seeing how you can have friends and still be lonely unless they are n't very good friends or not available often for whatever reason .
besides all a girlfriend really is is a friend that you also do intimate things with .
i feel like if you are able to find a good group of friends who care and support you then you will be much happier .
the chances of a girlfriend lasting that long are n't very high especially at our age .
and if there 's one thing i know it 's that heartbreaks suck .
when did i argue that the woman should have to carry the baby until it is a risk to her life ?
why do you assume that i support doctors being jailed for giving medically advised abortions ?
there are many many things that can be a potential risk to the woman 's life that are caught very early into the pregnancy even if there are no current negative effects happening .
if i get pregnant and the doctor finds that the placenta is likely to rupture or has attached in the wrong place or i 'm at a clearly greater risk for some serious complications or the pregnancy is in the wrong place such as the fallopian tube etc .
then i should be offered an abortion as soon as possible and the doctor should n't be questioned as to whether it was necessary .
i do n't support denying a woman an abortion when the pregnancy is clearly or likely to be a medical threat .
i do n't support making her or the doctor hold off on the abortion until she 's actively in danger .
i 'll just keep imagining michael caine dressed in furs and a fu manchu .
i think he forgot the comedy tag on this post
my husband 's parents are very wonderful and supportive .
my mil did n't pry or make any negative comments when we told her we were planning to be child free and has n't brought it up since .
she refers to our cats as her grand kitties '' and spoils the heck out of them for every holiday .
like seriously we get a huge box of toys and treats at least a few times a year lol .
my parents were n't thrilled when we told them but they are at least respectful .
they could understand because a big part of my decision to be child free is due to genetic physical and mental health concerns in my family .
i feel so lucky because i know that not all child free couples and individuals get this kind of reception from their families .
yea wan na stop updating this but keep updating the ghetto ass gta 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
monster truck shows should add a set piece where the grave digger flattens a tesla with a papier-mâché tech dweeb in the driver 's seat .
all four major sports was a draw for me .
that does n't include mls soccer wnba nascar and probably others i 'm not privy too .
albeit i 'm not a fan of any of the dallas teams specifically .
but i might adopt the stars fc dallas if i stay here long enough .
op must be one of those marginalized and oppressed straight white men in america .
such a persecuted people those straight white men in america are .
can only imagine how oppressed he must be especially if he 's christian too ! !
my version of the stand skips from page 608 to 657 and then later on skips from 704 to 753 .
has anyone else had this issue with the 2011 hodden paperback edition ?
you win the meme connoisseur title for having over 2k upvotes on your post !
join the discord server https discord.gg/xyfmkfw and message princess mindy mod mail bot at the top to receive your prize !
do n't fantasise spicy foods can trigger this too over eating also if you accidentally see things on social media you should n't be seeing does n't help practice deep breathing to release tension and spread energy throughout the body
they rolled their threat list to the start its february 24 threats again
yeah i do n't really know any techniques i 'll check out the vids
all posts on r/textfriends must include the poster 's age in the title .
users under 13 are not permitted as per reddit 's rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/textfriends if you have any questions or concerns .
how about taping it shut while it prints a new one ?
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=christhememester2 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
this is the scene https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tf0kl1j7kvm it was so silly and the voices are just not suited to ‘a ' and it was so random and out of place and so confusing
abrosexuality is when your sexuality fluctuates from time to time .
there 's the idaho flight academy in krxe and there are a few cfis available that are n't affiliated with a school .
i 'd definitely recommend having ground school started before you start flying .
i can dm you phone numbers if you want someone to talk to .
i do game and endeavouros is one that i have been seriously considering .
you do n't think mint is good for gaming ?
i 'm starting to think that myself actually so far i 've had little luck trying to game in mint .
even when i can get games to run the os does n't like my intel hda and i have no sound .
i 'm sure there are ways to fix it but if gaming is just easier in endeavouros then i think i will just try that .
texas has fucked laws if your grow or are in position of shrooms iv heard and i would suspect that many others south states would too so keep that in your mind .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a blogging platform .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
that nonsense is why i never feel sorry for stowers who complain about getting labor shared to pick .
also do not forget to unplug your z axis stopper on the left .
check out what counts as woahdude material '' in our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/wiki/index wiki_woahdude_material .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woahdude if you have any questions or concerns .
walking out of your house and on to the street in front of it is different that walking out of your house and running down the lane is it not ?
have n't used it but have some trader friends who do .
thinking of him as a baby dreadgod that needs to feed on his peers to reach his potential seems like a cool approach .
because its community property and they have to actually go through the divorce to figure it out .
yes but only because the aleutian islands stretch out over the sea so far .
it 's not the same context as when people say tahoe is west of la .
i assume that you 're looking for a fun fact these are always posted on askreddit .
you wo n't get one out of me though instead here 's a fact i 'm 6 foot 1 inch tall .
i think barely anybody knows me so most people should not know that fact .
i just checked and they added a new option rbfex .55 .
maybe i should think about adding bonds even if it cost me half a percent .
maybe they bring her back for tekken 8 who knows..i mean we got katarina which for me it 's very hot .
i 'm living your exact same story but in colorado and denver .
5th generation of my family to live in one neighborhood but had to move away because every tech bro in the country decided to move there and make houses go from 400k to 1.2m in 10 years .
my wife and i visited maine last summer and realized we could relate incredibly well with the locals because both of our states are beautiful destinations that out-of-towners feel bizarrely entitled to .
our favorite question to ask people was which state 's tourists they hated the most .
if your quality of life is better that 's really all that matters .
but the one that came to mind was tharntype .
this show had great potential to really bring light to serious topics like rape but it got overshadowed by tharn 's behavior in the first 4-5 episodes .
type is a literal homophobic asshole but i guess that 's okay ?
tharn that gets constantly harassed from the first episode ?
tharn 's behavior is not the problem and blaming the gay guy for retaliating is extremely problematic .
there is maybe a little bit of non-con and it is very little but zero rape .
instead we have a character that is sympathetic towards the homophobe he lives with and when learning the actual reason for type 's behavior feels empathy .
your statement '*this show had great potential to really bring light to serious topics like rape' is also disingenuous as it does do this .
the show literally shows the effect of what happened in type 's past and the damage it caused him .
it 's the basis and premise of the entire show .
both characters have traumatic back stories and the show explores both .
people are just pointing at it because it has become a convenient scapegoat . '
love by chance ' has an extremally graphic non-con scene and does not get called out for it .
i wish it was n't i wish that homophobia gets called out more often but it does n't .
if it was and lgbt shows where given the same platform and respect as any other het/cis show then it would be fiction .
they latch on with their talons which are quite featherless .
i 'm single with a dick image that shit my arms need a break can i fuck
he 's been doing it since last year i do n't think he has tested it on dbd yet though i have to ask him
i just got back from a cruise out of the port of los angeles they did n't even check what bottles of wine i had they only checked that we had 2 max per stateroom lol i regret not pouring a bottle of liquor into one of the wine bottles lol
guns are far harder to legally obtain than you non-gun owners tend to assume .
according to the cdc guns are used defensively in the us any from 500,000 to 3million times per year that dwarfs the non suicides 18,000 gun deaths .
all he has to do is work on his takedown defense .
okay after 24hrs to dwell on it here 's my thoughts .
i did n't love it but out of phase 4 theatrical releases i 'd put it up above mom eternals and black widow but below nwh and shang-chi .
opening scene did n't quite capture me emotionally as intended and the scene with the god felt somewhat rushed .
thor w guardians was pretty good still have n't decided if it was hilarious or over the top .
i loved the riding of stormbreaker like a broomstick though the full-splits destroying hover vehicles pushed it a little far .
did n't mind the korg voice over at first though by the end it felt like too much exposition was it 4 korg monologues ?
would 've liked to have seen more with the guardians because i 'm a big fan of those characters but understandable that this is a thor movie that should centre on thor .
introducing gorr felt like a big rush 0-100 ‘someone is butchering gods ' ‘oh it 's this person ' ‘coincidentally it 's you he 's coming for next ' .
just felt a little too perfect which in turn makes the plot stick out .
enjoyed the new asgard stuff could totally see that happening on earth where everything becomes commercialized .
matt damon fake loki got a chuckle with what's-her-name mccartney ?
as hela but once again felt like screen time going over something that 's been seen in prior movies .
for a bunch of ‘gods ' though they sure seemed to but up basically no resistance .
my wife appreciated thor 's butt free of pixelation .
a lot of contrived plot devices just seemed to perfect heimdel 's son immediately recognizing the place they were kept later knowing exactly where eternity is the key to eternity just happening to be an axe that only came into existence relatively recently gorr knowing about his hammer and not going after it earlier .
the acting and action carry the movie but as soon as you start thinking about the plot it has a lot of holes .
loved natalie portman she looks so good as thor .
her humor did n't land 100 of the time but she seemed to be enjoying the character infinitely more than in previous thor films .
fight on the small moon was cool but noted huge inconsistency with how strong gorr'a shadow monsters are sometimes they can immobilize the heroes other times they 're glass cannons .
i liked the stakes for jane for the last fight you can be thor and die or let me fight alone and live .
i 'm glad korg and val lived but also annoyed they did n't die .
kind of over marvel having characters almost die then survive really lowers the tension when everyone has mega plot armor same for sif .
kids fighting seemed weird was n't a fan but got a few laughs from me .
the lack of logic at the end annoyed me .
jane is a brilliant scientist but ca n't think to have thor rush through the portal and cure her after defeating gorr ?
thor losing a loved one jane at the end seems like a cliche at this point .
also did n't quite understand how gorr letting thor 's loved one die and bringing back another loved one his daughter would make thor want to adopt his daughter .
i wanted to see gorr so some butchering on screen very disappointed he did n't .
would 've loved a 2.5hr movie with 30mins establishing just how powerful gorr was with the necrosword .
would 've loved to see some gods a bit more concerned especially as gorr 's actions were n't exactly a secret all the sos calls at the start .
thought the final post credit scene was a nice send off to jane 's character .
jealous stormbreaker was funny at first but got less funny each time .
i 'm sure i 'll think of more as time goes on .
hmmm i do n't remember them promising it would be free but based off dimps and bandai 's history you should know it was n't going to be free
you mean before the vaccine was available to everyone and delta was the main variant of covid ?
not conservative nor a woman but i 've known two kinds of conservative women when i lived in the midwest first the that wo n't happen to me ones and i want that to happen to me ones .
for example the first ones are ones that are more wealthy and low key socially liberal but they ca n't admit that because it 'll be bad for their rep .
so they are publicly pro-life and whatever while thinking that their public stances will never directly affect them
the second ones are the ones born to be religious moms .
they may be homemakers or they may work part-time but they most importantly support their husband and kids and are genuinely happy about that and do n't want anything to disrupt that
you may have a future in writing mormon yo mama jokes ! !
anyone know if there 's a market for that ?
what tipped me off was a livestream she did about some guy she got in a twitter argument with i felt the way she portrayed it on her channel to be dishonest .
hello beautiful 😍 i 'm so glad and so happy to see this beauty here .
and yes you made me stop scrolling and i did talk to you my beautiful princess 🫶💋💗💕
this is legit one of the coolest mini van builds i 've seen ! !
and aesthetically it looks beautiful and clean ... not an easy feat when you 're working with such little space .
well they were the conservative party so it adds up .
i feel like i 'm a master swordsman dancing around poorly trained guardsmen or drunk thugs .
it feels like you just flailing your blade around it connecting with people and generic video game stagger .
they just flop on the floor like a karen throwing a fit over being recorded .
it feels too fake too generic-video game to really get immersed when playing assault imo .
and like you said about the animations d1 goes perfect from combat to killing blow and back to combat .
i always thought my enemies ' hp just hit 0 .
d2 almost feels like combat cutscene back to combat .
executions are really cool but there 's way too many of them and you ca n't choose whether or not you do it like in doom .
i like the way deathloop does it where your dedicated kick button which i totally want in the dishonored franchise as well as your interact/assassinate key is what you use for executions but you just kill them otherwise .
some animal also use mouth to take their child .
whitehack 3e has a brief bit of rules about it .
extenuating circumstances can trigger it such as by pushing magic story beats or similar .
if your levels are between 1-6 it 's not mandatory to save against but if you do and you fail it 's a temporary effect increasing in severity .
7-10 compels a save and can last weeks or be permanent .
if the corruption surpasses 10+your level the character is lost to it .
carrying around corruption might give you certain reactions by npcs or make certain spells or items work .
there 's even a template for an additional race feature 'the twisted ' that add corruption when they use an otherwise free magick .
you usually start a little more than minimum wage .
one of such serious issues that not enough people are talking about yet is the unhealthy obsession with current events that is incredibly evident in this thread .
si tratta di un confronto 2016 vs 2021 probabilmente la germania era in piena botta da covid mentre l'italia si stava riprendendo un po ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/babesnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
if warlock would have gotten a melee dps spec i would totally be onboard with them having it .
after all illidan was a mage warlock honestly where is the difference between these schools both require knowledge and study d
probably more likely linked to from a racist sub and very minorly brigaded .
there were a good number of racist comments when i first commented .
my wife came out of sweden and she 's obviously a better person than you .
pogoń szczecin is taking on kr reykjavík today and lechia gdańsk is playing akademija pandev .
both polish teams are playing at home and should be favorites today the opponents are from weaker leagues kr is in weak form atm .
the odds for pogoń and lechia are both around 1.2 though so not really worth putting anything on them .
might look around for some stuff like pogoń/lechia winning the first half should be around 1.5 both so about 2.25 as a double
edit comfortable 4-1 wins for both polish sides with the teams leading by halftime .
i think 800 hour is a low estimate per prestige 100 i think it may be more like 1000-1300 per character
not gon na lie i 'm a bit shocked that dave came out saying what he did ... and a bit nervous .
it 's a friend who stabbed me in the back but fortunately everyone has a line they wo n't cross .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
every girl within 5 km radius is craving for you
oh so i guess you are applauding for the four conservative justices who voted to allow employers to terminate employees based on their sexuality or the husband of a seditionist who wants to criminalize gay sex and overrule gay marriage .
teach the new person stay in good contact when that person inevitably leaves because their responsibilities changed but their wage did n't the company will come right back to you anyways
i personally despise shortening services because you never see the url before accepting to go there .
they could just as easily make it smaller by simply having a top level page like shopsouthlandcenter.com/hours and pointing the qr code there as well as printing the url below for anyone who does n't have a qr code scanner easily accessible .
get the footprint ribbon in the first sinnoh max friendship .
true bw do n't have ribbons but there 's a few things you can do with your friend !
great that 's the best mindset let us know your discoveries !
he 's alright but you need an entire universe 7 team.for him to be great joined forces units have a lack of categories
woah man boobies i got ta post this to r/hmmm how strange and wacky for there to be a naked woman in an unexpected place
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unket if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
submission spam https www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/wiki/rules wiki_rule_7.3a_no_chain_posts_or_submission_spam – if your posts are not related please leave a minimum gap of at least 12 hours between them .
consider using reddit 's gallery feature to avoid having to make multiple image posts in short succession .
chain posts https www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/wiki/rules wiki_rule_7.3a_no_chain_posts_or_submission_spam – please do not make update '' fixed '' etc .
posts within only a couple of days since the original post .
instead add your updates as comments or edit the text of your text post .
submissions that reference belong as comments on or otherwise update an earlier post yours or someone else 's will be removed .
please carefully read the above removal reason s and the related section s of the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/wiki/rules .
if you accept the removal you do not need to take any further actions .
if you feel this was done in error have fixed your post or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to contact the moderation team via modmail http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/minecraft subject=removal 20dispute ideally including a link to this post .
this removal comment is generated from a template but it was sent manually by a human moderator after finding that your post or comment breaks one or more of r/minecraft 's rules .
i would agree but it 's not as feasible at the western servers ' current stage .
many people do n't even know wipe mechanics let alone know how to dps around normal mechanics without a healer .
gets worse as the week goes along as well esp for people who can only raid on weekends because many of the people who have n't cleared at that point have no clue what they are doing .
hey u/lolafleeder unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
and the sweaty bois that put them down have made the mines smellable
all the numbers in your comment added up to 69 .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=luckynumber-bot subject=stalk 20me 20pls message 2fstalkme to have me scan all your future comments .
fucking right the minnesota 1st took like over 80 casualties at the battle of gettysburg .
we captured a virginian battle flag and have been asked more than once to give it back .
find someone your own age with a similar level of ambition .
it exists ... it 's called gods army and it is absolute shit .
this station is also in sacramento california exact same frequency .
i noticed kelly connor both have those big doe eyes william blake have similar face shapes and hooded eyes and i swear she kinda has that baldwiny smile too idk how to explain it hailey has it to the max
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
he only has a lead of a few thousand votes in his constituency and has presided over one of the largest wealth disparities in the country .
he would be an insanely stupid choice for leader .
why did this get down voted they just asked a question
that is funny not only because the weapons but mate you need a license to watch public tv and the bbc is known here to prosecute and harass people to pay it .
raum enforcer should probably be base kit since his run already sucks if the enemy team has like any cc .
sometimes i wish relentless presence was part of vora 's base kit but i already do really well without having unyielding pressure so she 'd probably be way unbalanced if she had two tendrils base .
io lifelink should probably be a thing in some capacity without the need for a talent .
while on the topic of io can we please remove sacrifice ?
this is another one i ca n't be sure the consequences would n't be terrible for but crush is pretty bad as a talent why not give terminus something new after the siphon nerfs ?
was broken but i really wish they did n't hit it as hard as they did i feel like the way it is now could be added to tyra 's base kit in some capacity and it would n't be too crazy .
i just finished an 18 hour grinding session ... ... stopped this morning at 108 million runes .
got tired of visiting renala for a respec every time i felt like playing a bleed build .
also i have rode off the same cliff face twice and lost a few million runes .
palace approach ledge is like having the keys to the government printing office ... ... ... .
comes in handy when levels are costing 2 million plus ... ... ... ...
failure to comment/reply with exact brushes or brush category and/or process will get your post removed regardless of the number of upvotes .
saying only 'default brushes ' and 'custom brushes ' do not count as answers anymore .
those answers are vague and will require the process in addition to be a valid response .
if you consider yourself as an often poster and have a consistent style/method send a modmail to be given a different automod comment that already mentions what you use and just make a mention if anything different was done .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/procreate if you have any questions or concerns .
this dude is seriously blaming mass killings on anti depressants .
ich ärgere mich so das ich nicht öfter champagner trinke .
was würde ich mich über ne 3 liter flasche voll mit emma freuen .
ich mein wie viel geld die auch wert ist .
these are facts it 's either drop hot and get a stock+bullets with no gun or drop in west bumbfuck get a lot of stuff but get fried when you run into the 8th team left and your hands are frozen .
looking at you abuela i too have had hard times '' madrigal .
she did n't even have to say anything mirabel was like oh shiet that whole refugee thing was pretty tough let 's forgive her right away even though she barely said sorry ''
and bruno did n't get anything just a stupid hug like at the end of a prodigal son story but he was n't prodigal he was shunned ? ?
granted that movie would have been bad if they had n't come back together as a family .
but they only did like 2 percent of the work and i think that might set another bad example for families with abusers .
sooner or later these maniacs are going to be goose-stepping and ass-wedging up and down capitol hill undeterred and protected by other fascists in places of power .
it 's seriously not too late for her to get what should be coming to her
dashrath performing ashwamedha was not in uttarkanda and we 're not discussing who wrote uttarkanda .
people who wrote i it centuries after original ramayan put their beliefs in there .
as for reforms i 'm simply pointing out the historic distortions in interpretations and the reasons for them without staying whether they are right or wrong .
i do have opinions but that will be a huge distraction .
the point here is that there are people who did n't agree and still do n't agree with the modified interpretations .
that point is relevant here because the person i was responding to appointed himself spokesman for all hindus including those who believe in the violent interpretations and continue committing acts of violence .
you know yourself that the claim that islam has n't or does n't change '' is as much of a lie as sanatan dharma is exactly the same from eternity '' .
akbar and dara shikoh 's islam was very different from zarik nayak 's violent bigotry .
sufism is way more progressive than wahabism and salafism that are replacing it in kashmir .
what is happening in the present is religious extremism is gaining currency but that does n't mean non-extremist positions do n't exist .
pretending religions are monolithic whether to claim that hinduism is a progressive non violent religion or islam is a violent cult is detrimental to any understanding of reality .
such interpretations also play in the hands of religious extremists .
the sangh gets to consolidate its grip on power and misuse government michinary to target critics and destroy houses of ordinary muslims without any evidence of illegality in their construction in turn turning the majority into a far right violent mob while far right muslim bigots get to increase their following targeting of muslims by the government .
caterpillars lying on their backs are n't good news .
and dude please get a bigger enclosure for them .
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
correct small surveys of blood samples from various groups detect antibodies to sars2 in about 60 or the population .
covid is not a reportable '' disease like tb std 's or maternal deaths .
public health agencies only get data on persons that are hospitalized or die .
there are thousands of cases that are mild especially breakthrough '' cases that are n't in the data .
tbh this is an attempt to cover of missing a detail by paying attention to another detail .
i mean if you really do surely that little tile wo n't be necessary ...
there is more and i could just use a paint roller on mine when my partner talks .
se hai bisogno solo della chiave fisica prova ad andare da un altro ferramenta .
altrimenti devi spendere quei soldi per ordinare la chiave compreso di chip per i comandi a distanza e riprogrammare c'è poco da fare .
i 'm not sure what that has to do with anything .
i 'm comparing the cities with each other not with the west .
anything is possible if you just lie and make stupid shit up ... .
let 's just ignore that everyone from the bush years got their image cleaned up and was completely embraced by theresistance because they were nevertrump
ignore that liberal news networks have ex-intelligence workers on providing commentary on security issues and foreign policy to their pro-democratic party viewers
i wanted to make it unique and symmetric that 's the reason i 've opted for this design .
it could be because she 's not married op mentions moms opinion on that but also how long has op been with her bf ?
maybe they 've only been dating a few months .
i think my mom would 've had a similar reaction .
it was n't my jam until my ex lady friend got me into it but i was always a fan of a cappella i 'm looking at you bioshock infinite beach boys cover https youtu.be/x7ogv49wgco
i thought i will have to post this because i did n't want to read the entire thread but i 'm glad it 's on top here .
to me it 's the best song ever written even in terms of genres and time .
i love black metal but i enjoy electronic and sometimes pop music also .
but this one is the absolut perfection of composing ...
or you have one toxic friend who keeps talking shit about her whenever you hangout and you get affected everytime and give her the cold shoulders after hanging out with said friend
idk what 's going on but seems like hawk goes through friends alot .
they joke around a lot about how they 're a hard friend to have and i believe that .
if you do delete it we 'll consider it an attempt to avoid our rules and you will not be able to appeal your ban .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
a short time ago you were asked by a moderator to verify .
until you verify you will not be able to participate in r/realgirls .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not sure why the fuck i thought i 'd ever wear a wet suit but i 'm glad you did n't .
i mean i 'm not a huge wet person but i 'm a very big wet person .
hate to break it to you but you were n't the um actually '' person but just an um actually '' person .
op has replied to a couple of comments pointing out that discrepancy with variations on i have fat fingers '' .
i have n't tried either of these but if the bariederm cream is anything like the bariederm lip balm it 's well worth your money .
that lip balm became an overnight hg for me .
for the climate '' oh fuck off you virtue signaling woke idiots .
ninguém fc ataca novamente vão reclamar do juca kifuro de novo ?
img emote|t5_5lk6o7|9142 i 'll pack ya up 😂 one day !
img emote|t5_5lk6o7|9142 we will have too have a blaze irl !
you technically should n't be here if you actually cared about the spirit '' .
ya boy telling me 2x vanilla has a sutch a crazy stack sizes ?
normally they have 2x stack size so 2k like stone metal etc ...
as rogan said ... you can only have one headshot in a relationship .
bobby just needs to find a girl who he can provide for but she is n't part of his media work .
thing is with a backhand if you aim for the ear your wrist is likely to connect with the chin/face and do more damage if you 're driving through the strike like we see here .
it 's also worth noting that there 's a nerve in the jaw that people in combat sports refer to as the button '' that is pretty much an instant ko if you hit it just right .
you can feel it on either side of your jaw a little farther than half way back from your chin just before it curves up for the joint .
as i said it 's okey if you do n't like them ... but it 's not like your opinion is set into stone .
you have rights as the artist and if you 're uncomfortable that 's a valid reason .
you were honest with her and she attacked you because she 's insecure and has unrealistic expectations .
she needs to learn how to bathe herself properly if she wants something like that done .
my mom a nurse said it 's common for morbidly obese persons to get yeast infections in their folds because they don't/ca n't clean and dry properly so i believe you when you say it smelled rancid .
i 'm sorry she said that to you but you did the right thing .
i 'm not sure if you 're looking at third party or comprehensive but comprehensive is usually cheaper .
i just passed last month and i 'm 30 bought a mazda 6 and it 's over £2k a year for third party or £1.2k for comprehensive .
i am sending mine just waiting for my turn for optics milling and slide milling .
planes are a nightmare for disease i think i always come back from holiday with a head cold !
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts .
please read the link on proper way to post .
the currently approved domains are imgur.com gfycat.com .media.tumblr.com images.sex.com img.pornhub.com i.redd.it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rearpussy if you have any questions or concerns .
i really wish this info had been in your original post .
i was kinda freaking out seeing all the top comments telling you to smash because i assumed you were married lol
tbf i had been loudly proclaiming my goal to stay alive all game to the army we had a bit of a laugh about it .
people 'd come up to me in local telling me ayyy still alive ? ''
so i tried to walk and crouch safely which keeps you alive but not close enough to the enemy to surprise them .
mostly shot at smoke and enemies 100meters out with my garand from the safety of a trench .
was a good day for livin bad day for killin '
u/harleyspy your submission has been successfully posted in r/petite !
please ensure that you have followed the rules and thank you for posting .
moderators have the final say in whether or not an image or comment is acceptable for this subreddit .
if you do n't agree with any of those rules please do n't post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
i need to be watching your lips wrapped around my hard cock 😍
in 2016 they were insane in regular season especially in spring .
but they did n't really do much in either playoffs .
in 2017 they were shit in spring after changing 4/5 players but after trading dardoch for xmithie they turned things around
whichever ryder you chose to be the other one was to become an important side character within the story .
the player ryder was a soldier whereas the npc ryder was to become a high ranking scientist within the colony .
every since i heard him say it i could never see it the same but that makes reading fun when it comes up !
with how i rank things limited and exclusive flavors will always get a lower score due to limited access .
it 's only offensive if you do n't understand that the 'traditional dress ' is a relatively modern invention and not really traditional at all .
the original stand i used could be found here https www.bricklink.com/r3/studio/design.page ? idmodel=80440
math and physics i like thinkering with the olympic questions and learning how they are solved when i cant solve one
sorry ich rauche wachsmalstifte und hab nen abschluß in der baumschule wo liegt mein denkfehler ?
alles sagen zwar split '' aber eigentlich ist es ja eine dividende in stockform .
first reason is a high degree of decentralization and subsidiarity as mentioned by others .
but the more important reason is that rifts in swiss society rarley overlapped .
there were poor and rich regions in the french italian and german part of the country .
rural vs urban catholic vs protestant mountainous vs flat conservative vs progressive ... not one of these traits was and is specific to just one linguistic group .
you want to strenghen the role of french in swiss society so you work together with other french politicians from other cantons to make it happen on a national level .
but tomorrow you might want to get a policy through parliament that increases funding for cities for which you 'll need support from urban german speaking cantons .
you ca n't afford to be too regional-nationalistic not if you want to get anything done in the future .
i̇yi ki premium kullanıyorum fakir bi orospu çocuğu olabilirdim fakirler down atsın
i was so confused on why somebody would do that do their wheel
the bears you see is the grateful dead marching bears
it feels disingenuous to say that we need to not use the term women because infertile women '' will feel excluded .
by and large infertile women as far as i can see are n't kicking up a fuss about this and i say this as an infertile woman .
while there are certainly some contexts where more precise language is called for this headline does n't feel like a concerning one to me .
in any case the removal of the word women but inclusion of the word men is whack .
morning beautiful 45 mbm 5'10 240 7 '' cut .
free this morning so if yall are let 's meet and play
just remember to believe everything a stranger on the internet says bro i promise bro but i 'm not going to find any evidence to back up my statement bro just trust me bro ''
now i am just imagining the little guy waking up and having to untwist himself from the carpet while his siblings cheer him on
čakaj to imamo dejanske mehanizme za kaznovanje družinskih zdravnikov ali je to mišljeno kot neki pritiski in mobing ?
i do n't know if that counts as an anime bcz it was first a video-game and then a anime but i would looove to be friends with morgana from persona 5
will probably miss the first 1/4 of the race now it 's on saturday so need to avoid spoilers until sunday and i miss the qualifying today because i 'm at work which c4 do n't show until saturday ...
odds of running into slughorn on the grounds instead of in slughorn 's office when gryffindor tower is on the 7th floor and slughorn 's office is on the 6th but slughorn was out at the greenhouses .
odds that filch forgets to lock the front doors .
beyond his overall goal odds that ginny and dean were getting back through the portrait hole at the exact moment for harry to brush into her causing her to get mad at dean and break up with him .
odds of the little liquid luck meeting to end at the right time for lavender to spot ron and hermione alone '' and break up with ron .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
it represents two one-inch sensors on the left and right sides .
also insta360 welcomes great ideas from interested individuals and we hope that you will continue to share them with us as we strive to make all of our products and services the best in the industry .
ja das hat was schönes an sich wenn dann der dicke klops sich an der prostata vorbeidrückt .
i was curious the final level this game it look cool character with her power and weapon😁 .
at the end of season 4 ! when we get a shot of the lily of the valley at walt 's house ! this is when i said fuck you walt
if it 's configured to push a pageview on every load yes it will definitely cause problems .
but this is ridiculous so i 'd still change it 😂
so what basically the babas do..is they replenish the 5 sensory organs which might have been defaulted
but the catch here is that-earlier people used to live in a less artificially-stimulated environment but now-a-days in this heavily drowned digital world..you hardly get to know which thing has an emotional/psychological effect on you..so
you need a technical/digital baba to solve the problem.. lemon and sticks wont solve the case !
i just want smth with real story not just a whole bunch of smut strung together .
back when i still used to dj a lot my bootlegs and the rare ones i got from others were always the hardest hitting tracks in my more mainstream '' dj sets what people asked me after where they can get them and one of the reasons people booked me again .
edit noticed you talk about your fear of it getting taken down .
i have never released or uploaded any of my bootlegs .
my bootlegs were made specifically for my dj sets .
at most i gave them out to other dj 's .
in middle school and high school i used to email them with my thoughts and everything i do n't anymore to them but i know they are an anonymous chat system .
does she have a set age or timeline that she wants to have babies or be married by ?
marriage is a very serious commitment and difficult in the best of circumstances .
there 's no soul mates only good times and challenges .
yes the first 2 chapters of this section dragged a bit but i 'm glad it picked up .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
you call me in here in the middle of the night to come into your room and destroy life ?
is that what they teach you in sunday school ?
do it now i 'm on the same team as you !
did you have any trouble with the bottom frame ?
mine was warped and even now the wheels are n't aligned properly luckily its just a display piece and you ca n't really tell .
hades is one of my all time favourite games .
the songs are so heart wrenchingly good especially the lament of orpheus .
it captures the story of orpheus and eurydice so perfectly it made me tear up .
in the blood ... well i have been listening in the blood at least once in a day ever since i beat the game .
when you do n't trust olah for 72 hoor so you search for your own hoor ola punishment !
i 've been to theaters countless times and only thing heard from the audience is laughter .
as you indulge to people who have a different opinion than you .
people who do n't agree with you are n't close minded ...
you guys will preach if you dont like it do n't click on it or whatever so just leave this sub if you are worried about being kinkshamed .
kinkshaming is one of the smallest issues in the world i think everyone will be okay
i 'd love to give you all the friday suckin ' 💓
as the other guy said shave it up to your jaw from your neck and it 'll define your jawline other than that you 've just got to let it grow eventually it will get there it just sometimes takes longer for different people it 's normal
thank you u/spicyramenslut for posting your submission has been successfully posted in r/emogirlsgw !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/emogirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
just paid out for uniform for my daughter 's new secondary .
that includes £23 per jumper £25 per skirt and £40 per blazer .
fortunately my daughter is really neat and organised but i 'm dreading getting new uniform for my son he pretty much loses a jumper a week and if he 's not lost it he 's grown out of it 😂
you are right i forgot luxembourg is very very small place .
i was actually looking to buy one in the netherlands .
they had a few okay ones on the market .
but finding a good garage will be a big problem .
well maybe you just rarely play it or it 's my design mistake if you did n't recognize them right away
this is your friendly reminder to read the submission rules they 're found in the sidebar .
if you find your post breaking any of the rules you should delete your post before the mods get to it .
if you 're asking a question make sure you 've checked the live manual https www.ableton.com/en/manual/welcome-to-live ableton 's help and support knowledge base https www.ableton.com/en/help and have searched the subreddit for a solution .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ableton if you have any questions or concerns .
the impact of this is more than just someone you do n't like died .
japan is a country with very low gun crime rates and from what i 'm learning a rich tradition of politicians working at street level .
for this to happen to anyone regardless of whatever shitty things they might have done is massive .
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
does this they/them '' person identify as something that is n't cis or they just use different pronouns ?
if they are i do n't know non-binary you could identify as bi/poly but in the end it all comes to a term that makes you feel comfortable using
there are people who are attracted to the opposite gender and non-binary people that still identify as heterosexual because they feel it 's the right term for them
i intend to set up a production line where there are only splitters at the miners and mergers at the end .
just a long line of everything and it must be something really ridiculous like heavy modular frames .
and just make it run 100 by under clocking .
i have no idea why i hate myself so much .
right lane and speed cameras level the playing field .
honestly even when i was very averse to dresses as a teenager trying to do self discovery i would 've argued i should be allowed to wear some other kind of dress code appropriate outfit like a suit .
her offering to wear jeans just sounds like she simply does n't even want to try .
my only solution was just load previous save file and after that this quest works fine .
never cared but my current obsession happens to be like 5 '
i have a device password but the 2sv is disabled do i need to enable that as well ?
you need to get a feeling for the right speed .
in that their lives are so small and unfulfilling that they want to ensure everyone else is as miserable as they are so they want the government to crawl up everyone 's ass to make sure that happens .
good lessons dont take the rainbow chart as law though anything could happen
i dont think sancho gets even that in our u23 lol
this is an automated comment feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=livestreamfailsbot amp subject=feedback amp message 5bpost 5d https reddit.com/comments/vst7g2 twitch backup mirror https production.assets.clips.twitchcdn.net/2rb4gg54odeiblgasm6vka/at-cm 7c2rb4gg54odeiblgasm6vka.mp4 ? sig=0c847a651a838d96d4ddeb0a4851cad39f2fa394 token 7b 22authorization 22 3a 7b 22forbidden 22 3afalse 2c 22reason 22 3a 22 22 7d 2c 22clip_uri 22 3a 22https 3a 2f 2fproduction.assets.clips.twitchcdn.net 2f2rb4gg54odeiblgasm6vka 2fat-cm 257c2rb4gg54odeiblgasm6vka.mp4 22 2c 22device_id 22 3anull 2c 22expires 22 3a1657199199 2c 22user_id 22 3a 22 22 2c 22version 22 3a2 7d
they 've started to use t62s not t64s as front line tanks they 've started to form penal battalions the russians are losing most of their ammo and just the other day i saw a video of a one armed russian soldier fighting on the front lines .
meanwhile the ukrainians have been receiving new vehicles and weapons and in just a few weeks will have new freshly trained soldiers .
not to mention the growing insurgency that the russians are struggling to contain due to the lack of men to suppress it .
the russians are simply out of equipment and soon man power .
probably due to the fact they 've sold off stripped or lost to corruption most of their stores are becoming empty .
i was this close yesterday from deleting it cause did n't play it for too long .
then c should n't have put their business out there for people to talk about and if do n't want to see it then take yourself off this sub to protect yourself from seeing it .
i ca n't make everyone stop having thoughts and opinions .
what these adults did and what c did by putting their business out there is n't okay and she had to know that people would have something to say about it .
this is why i exclusively watch youtubers with less than 50k subs they seem to actually care about us instead of just going after clicks and views
another decent youtuber who is big is datbrian his videos are not complete hot garbage
since you asked the reason why i dislike it is because they post it on the subreddit .
especially if it is a self promotion which gets posted on here every time a new chapter releases .
i am tired of seeing it even if they like it and they are praising the manga .
i am tired of seeing it so i click it and dislike it .
it 's not a review if you just restate each panel and add nothing to it .
these reviews '' have no purpose at all since the manga is free to read .
i would go as far to say that watching these reviews '' are the biggest waste of time anyone can ever accomplish in their lifetime .
i 'm assuming you have no other silyl groups you want to retain .
if this is not the case please disregard the following weird rant .
is silicon attached to something you do n't want it on ?
the choice of fluoride source will vary from simple aqueous kf anhydrous tbaf to hf or hydrofluoride salts .
but your goal here is to chop up your silane garbage into small enough bits that you can either pump them off wash them away or separate them easily chromatographically .
in all actuality i believe adhd/add was misdiagnosed to such a high degree due to the failure of the public school system to engage students .
student were bored by curricula and the last generation just threw medication at the problem .
nothing like crawling out of a tent at 7:30 after 4 hours sleep
if the victim got themself into a preventable situation .
like the one guy who died because he thought the bible would stop a bullet from a desert eagle in maybe 1 meter distance .
it was for a youtube video and his i guess girlfriend shoot at him .
make sure to read the stickied megathread https rentry.org/pgames-mega-thread as it might just answer your question !
also check out our videogame piracy guide https www.reddit.com/r/piratedgames/comments/i3r14g/a_beginners_guide_to_video_game_piracy and the list of common q a part 1 https www.reddit.com/r/piratedgames/comments/fvix6e/common_questions_and_answers_thread and part 2 https www.reddit.com/r/piratedgames/comments/igxebs/frequently_asked_questions_part_2 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/piratedgames if you have any questions or concerns .
not saying that all the players we voted for deserve to be in it 's obvious they are n't but it 's really weird people are chirping us over voting for our guys to play in the game which is the whole reason for the fan vote lol
it 's a good lil device runs smooth and fits well in the hand so ca n't complain other than the fact i had to remove the rubber bung from the tank which took about 10mins of effort .
if you can get new tires for free it 'll be worth the effort to get the codes .
but just bread and cheese is a thing of the past .
its part of my job to distinguish between the two .
talking to people and de escalating heated situations is another part .
a bit of empathy and open communication goes a long way .
if you are a us resident you 're filing in the us and paying no matter what .
once you get fully remote you can start using the foreign earned income exemption .
the other thing no one talks about is you can have 2 remote jobs if you do it right .
i know people doing this during the pandemic and pulling it off pretty easily .
no it 's corruption and fascism masked with a veneer of socialism in many cases .
na dann drücke ich die daumen dass der kanadische verteidigungsminister nicht seinen daumen drauf hat .
hätte auch in d gerne so einen vertridigungsminister https i.cbc.ca/1.3304912.1446689742 ! fileimage/httpimage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_780/harjit-sajjan.jpg .
the last thing he sees do n't worry sir !
yeah i was first in the queue for the game i wanted and still was only seeing expensive tickets !
would love to see how it looks on the wrist !
easiest way is to copy company property at contact level with a workflow and use the contact property .
another way would be via a contact list with company type filter .
more already knowing and accepting that you 're attracted to men and talking about mind-blowing sex .
i 'm rewatching that season today while i work .
if republicans used drop boxes this would have been upheld .
blc-2 and cfe 223 are listed as slower burning at numbers 386 for blc-2 and 394 for cfe223
unfortunately i could n't find the item you specified or it had recently broken .
i 'm older 46 and it took me a loong time to recognize my lack of coping skills and overall rotten behavior .
now that i have a deeper understanding of what i 'm dealing with the idea of dating another bdp sufferer who is in a similar place is enticing .
my thinking is we would be very understanding of each other 's symptoms .
flip-side i 'm always seeing people as saviors and this may not be any different .
they could have a phone protector on it so yeah this is a very far reach .
when i take mine off there is nothing around it .
maybe you can do it by eliminating what it 's not ?
but based on the sides they appear to have a protector of some type which means it could be just about any phone .
i dropped it in the middle of the resort .
sometime around the third time we were supposed to get progress .
maybe when it 's completed i 'll try to read it again
j5 died got shot in the butt😂smoking on ralo he died with his gun🔥
if not you can just barge into any group and share your opinion on whatever they are talking about .
if yes find some group aktivity maybe cycling or running whatever just go look and then naturally you 'll have to interact with eachother
i 'd argue that the high number of new grad pas is a red flag that turnover is high .
sure it might make onboarding and training better but i 'd want to work at a practice that retains experienced providers .
i 'm working on one myself but i 'm excluding the arm thing for a number of reasons .
if you think it would be interesting and have an idea to make it work i wish you the best in making it a reality .
i use filmora easy to use and does the job
when the baby grows up and sees saw it wo n't ever look at her the same way
ah we use sooooo much lemon every day to mask the taste of these things lol
she puts lemon in everything right now and she tries so hard to eat the stuff to not make me feel bad lol
why is this making me laugh so much ahaha something dwight schrute would say
even if all of the violations were cleared the fact that you have them still hurts you .
unfortunately there is n't really anything you can do because tiktok is an open community where anyone can report you .
i 've heard stories of big creators who had high schoolers or middle schoolers be bored and report all of their videos .
the creator then would have to appeal these reports and win but now they are already seen as a violator of community guidelines by tiktok .
i am now thinking of a turntable with bing crosby on it
ottowomen empire belongs to the past but we can make hellenoturkism empire a real thing my muslim brother .
not just dolby atmos a lot of features which are in disney plus are not available in disney plus hotstar hotstar just sucks but what can we do right ?
rest in peace techno ... but this is not the place for a tribute .
yeah in 2008 he also resigned citing health issues after being pm for a year but he had also a poor approval rating and some of his ministers were involved in corruption scandals .
in the following elections the opposition party won in a landslide but thanks to their incompetence abe was able to regain power in 2012 .
while he said that he was able to return to politics thanks to getting access to a drug previously unavailable in japan but i seriously doubt that the pm of a country could be unable to access state-of-the-art treatment since the beginning to be honest .
people should also note the absence of any de jong news .
it 's utter bs pushed by barcelona i believe anyway
i have a cat but sometimes he 's not interested in getting them .
this is extremely easy to spot and something that is normally screened for in audits .
i would be very surprised if the fia did n't bother to cover the most obvious evasion method
to prevent spam we require that every account has a minimum amount of both link and comment karma and your account does not have enough .
the exact amount of karma we require is not disclosed but by making a postivie contributions to the rest of reddit you will very quickly earn enough karma to post here .
if you 're new to reddit or have any questions about karma please read what is karma ?
if your post is positive to the community then we will approve it .
please do not message us and ask us to manually approve your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/electronicmusic if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm blocked by her as well and grace randolph 🤣
ah ok thanks for taking the time to explain that to me .
there have been people arrested in dubai because they have a poppy seed stuck to their shoe that got there because the airport they came from had a bagel place .
same with certain over the counter drugs that are perfectly legal in most of the rest of the world .
it would be amazing to have a small laptop again with a nice big battery for an affordable price .
i 'm not a betting man but if i made an educated guess based on historic performance he 'll play 8 games max .
thanks i 'll definitely talk to them about it !
right now they kinda put me on a strengthening block since i can pretty much do all the bodyweight stuff but still have terrible numbers on the oly lifts lol
not if you count the multiple listings for the same series the sandman swamp thing as one .
your not gon na bring me some cereal too ?
the people invading '' nudist subs looking for feedback ratings on how they look are less of nudists '' and more like narcissists '' .
you do n't have to take anyones word for it .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
if you have n't tried searching please delete your request and search the sub first .
here are some tips on how to search https www.reddit.com/r/romancebooks/comments/sf6sdm/how_to_search_rromancebooks_just_the_tips
click the 127752 magic search button https www.google.com/search ? q=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks oq=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks aqs=chrome..69i57j69i58.1126j0j1 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 which will take you to a google webpage .
type your search term a simple keyword works best where it says site reddit.com/r/romancebooks https www.google.com/search ? q=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks oq=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks aqs=chrome..69i57j69i58.1126j0j1 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 .
for example for friends to lovers it will look like site reddit.com/r/romancebooks friends to lovers https www.google.com/search ? ei=l4b0x-acn8ey5nop7damwao q=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks+friends+to+lovers oq=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks+friends+to+lovers gs_lcp=chntb2jpbgutz3dzlxdpei1zzxjweamyaggpuluhwosxyoiyaabwahgagafiiageb5ibaje3maeaoaebwaeb sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-serp
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/romancebooks if you have any questions or concerns .
i had the grey one back then too and i 've only ever seen like one other in person since then .
my grandmother who would be over 100 now grieved her first baby that lived a single day enough that the baby 's clothes were placed in her casket when she died of old age .
grief is grief and humans are going to human .
i did n't even know about the child until she told me about it in her 70 's and she broke down in tears mentioning it .
we are all in this together amp will take off it 's just a matter of time .
your gallery post submission was automatically flagged as nsfw because it contained a photo link and the past history of photo links being nsfw .
keep in mind that this sub is open to everyone not just those who are 18 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/circumcision if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's just like the doctor 's office waiting rooms that make you fill out the same symptom questions on paper .
i think i need to make this one too haha
i love it when folks talk about actual money spent !
i bet new tires were a big chunk of it .
but i do n't understand how depositing via debit card is free
usend did n't say anything about additional charges from my credit card .
as a customer i should have been told about all charges upfront .
i have called them to delete my account they said they can not delete it just deactivated .
i have deleted the app from my phone and i 'll never use them again .
the flat fee of 4.99 is charged when the payment method is via ach bank transfer automatic charge for transactions of any amount .
if the payment method is a debit or credit card the fee is percentage that can fluctuate according to the transaction amount .
this amount is shown before transaction confirmation in the app .
two she wanted to help her lose 15 lbs in a month ?
all the professionals i 've ever consulted consider 8 lbs a month to be best others feel free to correct me .
but regardless to take her private insecurities and feel she had the right to set up an extreme diet plan ? !
well annie is widely known as another of those champions where the mechanics are easy enough to learn the game .
well get out the intelligent and loving cosmopolitan vote then .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aminsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
thus my reluctance to ever do dash or any food/ride share gig .
either its bots people have no taste or they just lazy vote
yeah someone needs to make another box office subreddit and start from scratch .
i 'd love a place to discuss box office and movie business without thousands of angry dorks brigading for or against certain movies and mass downvoting anyone who dissents .
oh nvm then that 's all we have actually tbf
even that green thing that we thought was from dendro traveler ended up being from an event
i had to scroll quite a ways to find comments like these .
as a korean whose grandparents lived through the occupation of japan the only valid point i 've heard on this is that it may create reverberations of his ideologies to amplify .
otherwise i do n't give a flying fuck about his death .
his behavior reminds me of my adhd grandson who does impulsive stuff and then acts all confused and innocent when we get irritated if said impulse was inappropriate .
i would n't be surprised if they turn up next thursday .
there 's been a number of cases where they accidentally release a few issues a week early .
it 's usually been for new releases rather than back issues but it could be the same cause .
a lot of izuru x junko content all of a sudden
thank you for your reply ok i 'm not in a pool i 'm doing it single maybe i should try a pool then i let it run for 10 days and nothing happens should i let it run longer thank you you 've been very helpful
hope you have their usernames saved somewhere so i can north korea their houses
if the dude secretly pulls off the condom then rightfully that 's already sexual assault or rape in many places .
if he secretly pulls it off and gets her pregnant then yeah in that situation she should and i imagine already would be able to sue him .
but yeah when it comes to consensual sex then it 's both of their responsibilities when it comes to the child but it 's her responsibility when it comes to the pregnancy .
because it 's her body her choice and responsibility .
op the title of your post must include the beta version your device is running .
if it does not please delete your post and try again .
if you are reporting a bug please remember that apple does not check r/iosbeta .
if it is a bug in ios you can report the bug officially to apple by doing one of the following
reporting via the feedback assistant app found on beta os versions
in addition please make sure nobody has posted this bug recently and it is not a common bug report .
other users please report this post if it includes a bug '' but does not include the beta version running on op 's device in the title of the post or a post that has been recently posted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iosbeta if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's a suzuki baleno and also suzuki alto .
please note that we will ban you if a post or comment breaks any of our rules .
rule 1 do not post or ask for identifying information including first and last names and social media usernames .
we remove all external links to prevent accidental posting of identifying information .
rule 2 do not post violent comments and do not glorify violence per tos .
we ca n't take responsibility for how angry a post makes you you need to do that .
telling us it was a joke bro '' is not an excuse .
rule 7 do not link to or post screenshots of reddit posts reddit comments reddit personal messages reddit profiles etc .
we can not allow you to use this subreddit to harass other people on reddit .
rule 8 no bigotry no racism or race baiting .
it is hard to believe that we even need a rule like this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iamatotalpieceofshit if you have any questions or concerns .
i got it myself in school 25f and i was fine afterwards maybe a bit tired !
the fact that she still denys wearing extensions after all this time when its so painfully obvious that she does really just blows my mind .
it also blows my mind that there are still some people out there who actually believe that her hair is real as well .
she has been wearing extensions since at least 2019 but she used to be able to style them nice enough that they blended decently with her natural hair .
but for the past year the extreme decline of whats left of her real hair makes the extensions just so freaking obvious it makes me cringe so hard everytime she yaps ab her hair being real .
i actually gave a random guy an expirimental pvg like 10 minutes before this happend
sorry for kinda offtopic but i hate this journalist so much .
i once read some writer pondering on the concept of fascism and basically saying that there 're many definitions of it .
but there 's one quite simple and concise is when people are massively aware they 're bad and they 're doing bad things but it 's ok. fascism is simply a legitimization of being bad .
he knows 100 that all this shit is just a massive horrendous crime but it 's fine we 'll keep working .
sometimes i want a heavy hitter who 's good for parrying and effective in all situations .
other times i want to go stab stab stab as fast as possible .
aka i like the fluid movements and fast movement of peacekeeper .
hmm interesting idea to remove adaptron for forge chiefs .
i agree that playing adaptron early messes with your curve but in practice especially against aggro decks like annie jhin having a 1-3 for 1 mana just works out great for early board presence when you cant afford to not play stuff until round 3 .
also after the handler they become quite hard to get rid of without trading very unfavorably as a 2-4 .
and once you 're in 6-mana production surge range people get really nervous and oftentimes use removal for what is still effectively a 1-mana bot .
usein kuitenkin markkinapaikkojen välillä on jonkinlaista arbitraasia ja tätä jotkut hyödyntävätkin kauppojen tekemisessä .
there could be vulnerabilities in there but the fact that it 's open source kinda makes the op look dumber than an onion .
or the evangelical church even god there was argueably more covered up cases found out fairly recently .
reports panthers do not intend to trade sam darnold profootballtalk
consider that you may take your understanding of literature for granted because you 've long internalized it .
that 's a fair point it 's something that i 've done before .
the rest of your comment though while i understand what you were trying to say is too condescending for me to agree with .
i doubt there 's a single person on this subreddit who has no idea what a book is .
everyone should be worried about the wrath of the capricorns laughs maniacally
a dude in my clan put eleven bat spells at the beginning of an attack next to three wizard towers .
i mean you 're running around with as hso too ...
it 's not like you do n't know what it can do
this is a reminder to follow the rules of our subreddit and reddit 's tos
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cookierunkingdoms if you have any questions or concerns .
just double check the postage info near the end of the app process
we do n't know who the op is or who they interacted with today .
we do n't see them or talk to them .
and we would have no idea we had met them even if we did .
that is way different then if they said this to someone at their workplace .
i 've always seen it more of a guideline than an actual rule .
the actual rule we have is do not use karate to show off or pick fights . ''
that rule is like the second thing we teach them .
when adults wear their gi outside the dojo others will rarely be impressed .
people will either be curious feel embarassment for you or see it as a challenge .
like you are waving a fight flag in front of insecure people .
i just say be aware if you are walking around in your gi you are essentially wearing warrior school gang colors .
and if your belt is on too your rank which shows some idea of how good you might be . ''
some people might be curious if they could kick your ass .
some people just see someone in a gi and decide they need to prove themselves and fuck with you .
does n't always lead to violence but it has .
if you 're new i would n't expect you to win a fight with some random asshole .
if you 're more senior i would expect you to defend yourself but to know that the highest form of martial arts is being wise enough to understand how to not resort to violence .
you probably should n't wear your gi outside the dojo . ''
my adult students can choose to ignore that at thier own leisure and risk the kids are at the mercy of thier parent 's decisions .
it 's proved provocative to wear a gi outside a dojo .
so it skirts the rule of do n't use karate to show off or pick fights '' but does n't break it enough to earn more than a look of cringe and the occasional you ca n't say you were n't told '' .
i never argued that you do n't gain stats by level up it 's just not cutting it in the long run .
you were disproven already with data on that in another comment .
mkii is a griefers thing no other point for it .
it should never have been added to the game .
mkii and mki are the worst and most senseless things added to the game .
as an example people were disappointed by loki 's ending because of what sylvie did she went through with her plan despite it being a bad choice
the gun nuts in america are going to love this ...
mark twain ... something about the goatee reminded me of him though he himself did n't have one ... maybe the scruffy look ... he was for a while a newspaper writer too ...
automoderator has been summoned to explain the fake check scam .
the fake check scam arises from many different situations fake job scams fake payment scams etc but the bottom line is always the same you receive a check online or in real life you deposit a check and see the money in your account and then you use the funds to give money to the scammer usually through gift cards western union or cash .
sometimes the scammers will ask you to order things through a site but that is just another way they get your money .
the bank will take the initial deposit back and any money you sent to the scammer will come out of your own personal funds .
usually the fake check deposit will be reversed in a few weeks but it can also take several months .
if you do not have the funds to cover the amount your balance will go negative .
your bank will usually charge a fee for depositing a bad check and your account may be closed depending on the severity of the scam .
here is an article from the ftc https www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/how-spot-avoid-and-report-fake-check-scams and here is an article from the new york times https www.nytimes.com/2020/02/21/your-money/fake-check-scam.html
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/scams if you have any questions or concerns .
the world unfortunately spawns life and goodness from pain .
think of the miracle of life and the duality of the pain .
the amazement of the fractional moment between life path changes as a child enters a house .
i remember a lot about that night.. '' i trail off a wistful look on my face
looking up at you i smile why dont you tell me what you remember ? ''
hahaha i died ... poor guy lol he seemed like someone died .
sorry i missed your post i went to bed my fault !
hey i 'm a recent grad 4 years and i was struggling to get work that compensated worth a damn .
it took about 3 years to start earning decent money i found an emerging area within the sales department for tons of companies that are trying to catch up with the trend .
sales/revenue operations can be a good route to decent pay and has been oe friendly for me so far !
also i 'd like to see a ban on foreign investors owning leasing or operating arizona farm and ranch lands esp those with absolutely no restrictions or monitoring of they water the pump up and use recklessly .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=airten1103 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i was on tiktok during quarantine and a girl talked about that daydreaming for hours each day is n't normal .
that was kinda my first time where i realized that i might have a problem so i did some research and found out that it 's called md .
the fact that others also have this and that there 's a name for it made me feel better .
he also paid the taxes of the detroit masonic temple essentially saving the building because they hired his mom when she was on hard times they named the temple 's theater after him .
molly have a subreddit or something from which we can be in track about what 's happening for good ?
man such a tough one between what 's good for the team and the love for the player 's as much as i love dray and klay i do n't think we can pay them the max and if their market value it 's probably time to figure out which one goes got ta face the reality of it instead of being attached sometime
those two dad 's must 've gotten too hot while putting up dry wall in such a confined space .
they 've decided the best way to cool down is to take down their cargo and jean shorts respectively .
talk to him about how you do things ask him what he 'd change if it was his company .
make him present it to you and others if available .
the topic can be small but the process is very beneficial .
you can make it fun like a hobby project .
show me one comment that 's cyberbullying violet in this thread .
sending your fans to go after a business and throwing around homophobic accusations like it 's nothing is shitty and careless .
people are calling her actions shitty cause they 're shitty .
ii would say q4 we have still 3 months to go
a player ads'ing near you or crouch walking slowly .
usually without headphones it is impossible to hear a sneaky rat player .
guglao sam i gledao kp nemaš nekih srećnih setova čak ni za 8-9 hiljada dinara .
sve su iskra ingco ili ostali kineski setovi na kojima piše često set od 400 delova set od 600 delova i slično a fazon upakuju ti 50 bitova koji ti ne trebaju i kilo eksera pa svaki ekser broje kao deo '' zato i set onda ima 600 delova ...
znači jedan lep komplet bi podrazumevao ono sa linka gore bar dva krstaka manji i veći i jedan ravni šrafciger .
oni t šrafcigeri iz seta sa gornjeg linka su npr .
ja sam skidao posudu za vodu za hladnjak valjda je to to sipao sam neki rastvor da skine one naslage iznutra i nisam mogao običnim ključem da priđem jer samo odozgo možeš da dođeš do šrafa pa samo ovaj t ključ to može .
dalje ovakav okasti ključ sa krckalicom nije loše imati .
https encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images ? q=tbn and9gcqwlefbpozmt-alcbxhpj7jh7mwe0rymxrarw usqp=cau ja sam svoje kupio u crafteru neki brend tactix to je neki njihov kao brend cena je bila pristupačna kvalitet zadovoljavajući .
treba ti 8 10 i 13 jer su to najčešće matice sa kojima se susrećemo .
što se ovih famoznih setova bitova tiče tu je isto preporuka da uzimaš na komad jer opet setovi su skupi a dobiješ bitove koje u 95 slučajeva nećeš nigde koristiti .
zato najbolje uzeti dve veličine krstaka i eventualno dve veličine torx nastavka što mi kažemo zvezdice '' i to t25 je kao neki prosek pa jedan iznad ili ispod po veličini zavisi da li negde imaš takvih šrafova pa proceniš koji bi ti trebao .
sve to upotpuniš sa jednim ovakvim nosačem bitova https encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images ? q=tbn and9gcriseuydorr4hzif2hynrr2u1xuueuqjf6qiw usqp=cau i onda tehnički imaš šrafciger sa izmenljivim nastavcima .
ili ako te to sve mrzi uzmeš ovako jednu stvarčicu gde su od svega napakovali po malo https img.goglasi.com/img/236169167 nije neki ekstra kvalitet ali za sitne intervencije može da posluži .
nakon toga jedna armiračka klešta mogu da prođu i najjeftinija jer pretpostavljam da se neće često koristiti ali treba ih imati ne treba sečice i kombinirke silovati pa istupiti na mestu gde služe armiračka klešta onda jedan čekić ne teži od 300 grama jednu mernu traku mij je predlog trometar za po kući i obavezno jedan osmometar jer ume da zatreba libela sumnjam da ti treba i ove jeftine su retko precizne ali može i ona brene kapro ima povoljne .
možeš da dodaš i set imbus ključeva ja recimo imam samo jedan imbus koji mi treba papagajke testeru za drvo i testeru za metal i eventualno ako ti treba šrafilica ovo je bukvalno trenutno najpovoljnija i najkvalitetnija kupovina https www.gama-alati.rs/bosch-gsr-120-li-akumulatorska-busilica-odvrtac-06019g8000.html .
nakon toga imaš jedan odličan kućni set alata i manje-više spreman si za sve sitne popravke .
not only his initials indicate that but also heizou 's moveset .
it made him stand out even against more experienced players when he was young .
but i think what i 've enjoyed most about his evolution as a player has been his ability to reshape his game as the wider setup changed around him .
by that i mean he can no longer completely smoke halfbacks the way he once did .
so instead he 's chasing back runaway try scorers to dislodge a certain scoring opportunity late game in front of thousands .
he 's been absolutely incredible for both saints and england and will leave a really problematic hole for both to fill when he eventually does move on .
unfortunately your post has been removed because your reddit karma is too low .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tshirts if you have any questions or concerns .
join our official discord https discord.gg/qp8d7htqvy for instant help and to discuss everything samsung .
just a friendly reminder to please respect all of the subreddit rules listed on the sidebar .
please be respectful to all users whether you agree with them or not the downvote button is not a disagree button .
please report content you see breaking the rules so we can act on it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samsung if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a feeling you would love the orion experience .
i rarely use anything else and i only see about 2 other people every year
im 68 year old grandma fr fr ong our conservation gon na be bussin no cap on a stack believe me
i think there 's more to it than your current tax bracket vs your future tax bracket .
the math is the math if the tax rate is the same the amount you have left will be the same regardless of when you sell and how much it grows or shrinks in between .
the game has some strong roleplaying elements though and it keeps the game fresh and interesting to make ‘bad ' choices here and there that are more of things that your character would do rather than what you would do .
yeah there 's also a standard test included for lower ph i used the high ph test because i had a suspicion that our water is hard here in town .
will use that after i getting some acid in there .
i used this kit a lot when i kept fish tanks glad i did n't toss it out .
it 's crazy to see how the land has become so torn up from artillery fire .
i hope this dumb fuck 's war can be resolved quickly and the healing can begin ...
the actual handling of the mounts in rdr2 was better to me but calling them ?
random encounters which i think they tried to do with the 'rumor '' people by the campfire and more slice of life would be cool .
kind of weird the way he fell off recently .
i mean the love guru was 15 years ago .
i do n't think he 's done anything noteworthy in twenty years or so .
my wife has n't wanted to have sex with me for a year after we had our first baby .
mostly 24 hour fasts and a couple of times did 36/48 hour fast .
i 've been combining the fasts with keto diet and drink black coffee while fasting to further promote autophagy .
my sentiments exactly and there were 31 of these types of questions '' 🤦🏼‍♀️ with no context besides i am more like ... '' .
we just had an 80 plus issue run in which their relationship was very compelling .
jesus christ op get your head out of your ass .
i dare you to push something the size of a watermelon out of something the size of an olive without your spouse being there fully present .
the fact that you 're not willing to emotionally support her in advance of the unknown shows how much of a careless prick you are .
i thought she was insufferable on the first season but damn if she did n't go and get even more annoying entitled and insufferable this season .
i do n't usually want to wish ill will on people but i truly hope daniel gets his work permit/green card dumps amber 's stupid ass and lives his best life somewhere away from her .
she is so fucking irritating i honestly do n't know how he lives with her much less loves her .
i send her a few positive posts over the past few weeks .
i 've been training for about 5 years and still learning .
if it 's easy then you 're probably not doing it right .
remember him being pretty hyped up in 2015 or so
i had to get a custom case built for the tape deck to fit the theme !
i have never seen a double foul called in my life .
hey u/spengzz thank you for your post at r/autism .
if you do not see your post you can message the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fautism .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/autism if you have any questions or concerns .
the dango that gives you the dango defender '' buff had the buff as dando defender '' for a few months until a patch fixed it .
download kik and then dm me with a screenshot of this post mine is elad5877
this made me feel so much better thank you 🥹 but i 've been using kaplan books from 2015 and it does n't really categorize anything into low/high yield .
do you know of a way that i could see that ?
and when u say decks are u talking ab anki ? ?
sorry i 'm a little new to this sub reddit
but are n't u the best baby do n't worry dms are open
by my understanding more of a mentor and goad .
making her reevaluate her mostly folkish repertoire and prodding her into becoming the multi genre artist that she became .
it 's kind 've like if you give a mouse a cookie but in a bar setting .
i 'm also biased though because i love endurance haha
the hot spring is in an area of the great glacier where there 's water on your left and it 's steamy .
i knew those towering pop ups and fly ball outs from gallo would come in handy someday .
re-watch the game on tv and score it yourself .
many of us on here keep a running scorebook of every game we 've been to .
u/mrjustaboss by trading in r/giftcardexchange you agree to read the information below
these are known scammers who will steal your money .
search your trading partner on the universal scammer list usl https universalscammerlist.com/search.php ? username .
do not include the u part of their username when searching .
only trade with someone that leaves a comment on your post .
visually confirm they left a comment on your post by clicking on your post and scrolling down .
this is because even though previously banned scammers ca n't comment on posts in r/giftcardexchange they use tricks to make their direct messages look like post comments in your inbox .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/giftcardexchange/comments/n7iumb/new_automated_flair_process_is_now_online_please to learn how to confirm transactions leave feedback and increase your flair score .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you do n't k ow how to read or communicate .
if you need clarification do you really think it 's in your favor to be insulting me and acting like a general asshole ?
i was suggesting get rid of the my needs '' part in the title and even said you could leave everything else .
everything above the mod note '' is just my default removal text for people who 's posts fall in the wrong side of not being of general interest to the community .
but if you wan na be an ass about me telling you how you can improve things to have your post stay up and throw a tantrum instead of asking for clarification that 's fine .
tror man kan i fjäderborgen i landala om inget annat de har ett pingisbord eller två på källarplan .
eller hade i alla fall när jag var där för 3 år sedan
well china is on the other side of the world .
they get to ignore the hoa like that company halfway across the country ignoring the hoa near me .
well i checked it out am and still having some problems trying to figure out what the nurse and my bf would be and if i read it correctly it would sound like this nurse is more a narcissist than aspd .
i have an associate in psychology so i at least know some things lol this is just something i 'd like to learn more about .
the article read that aspd people are more likely to have criminal backgrounds and aggression opposed to narcissist thinking they are special .
with the nurse it sounds like she thinks she is so special and arrogant about thinking everyone compliments her which makes me think narcissism because of her being grandiose .
but with my bf he has no criminal background but sounded more like aspd cuz i do n't think he has grandiosity but he definitely thinks he 's special and above other people my bf also has never gave me a sincere apology in our 10 yr relationship .
but i think his lack of empathy goes further to the no remorse that aspd people have .
i guess regardless i need to get out of my relationship and it really does n't matter exactly what the nurse is she definitely sounds like she has some issues tho .
i 'm not at all trying to argue with you .
i am just like red_status the person with the initial replay on this comment chain .
however if you want to stroke their ego and go about it tactfully .
if not why not go all the way and try to legitimately listen to him/empathize try to understand with him not in a condescending way but in an open almost vulnerable way still protecting your interests first ofc and demanding respect in the conversation .
maybe sounds too idealistic but i think most people will resonate with something positive if you communicate properly not defensively or offensively .
although now that i am writing this this may be too complex for you if you avoid confrontations to start with so nvm ... hope it turns out well tho !
well the fire is already pretty big why not throw 80 barrels of gas on it
injecting the economy with another 1.7t would make inflation so bad for so much longer your cash flow would n't change .
instead of paying 500 towards loans you and everyone else including those without loans would just be paying that much more for everything else car payment groceries utilities etc
i mean it 's legitimately offensive but this is the lowest effort implementation i 've seen in my life .
like seriously how tf did the person that made that get a job at microsoft/mojang .
why the hell would you spend two months salary on a ring for someone you think felt more desire for some rando ?
moça vou ser bem sincero com você amizade entre homem e mulher existe sim as vezes o cara começa a amizade de boa as vezes começa a amizade já na intenção ou as vezes começa na amizade de boa e acaba sentindo desejo pela mulher coisa que é extremamente normal e não deve ser criticada pelo amor de deus ou as vezes o mesmo cara que começou a amizade na intenção de ter algo mais descobre que gosta da amizade da menina acaba não sendo recíproco e aceita continuar amigo ou ele desaparece eu tenho várias amigas mulheres que eu gosto mesmo fico muito feliz de ter amigas como elas mas é inevitável em algum momento daquela relação um dos dois se não os dois vão sentir desejo e atração pelo outro vão pensar besteira vão querer algo vão começar a olhar diferente um para o outro vão começar a ver coisas e detalhes no outro que antes não viam e eu acho válido tentar algo ou casual ou mais sério caso seja da vontade dos dois caso seja algo casual precisa ser muito cabeça pra consegui separar as coisas e não fuder com a amizade .
i have absolutely no problem with you disliking him and disagreeing with him but why are you looking to chris pratt to be a thought leader on reproductive rights ?
does n't matter what you 're throwing when they 're all right down the fucking ... skooby is a meatball machine right now
the fueling systems are extremely expensive so they have n't seen wide spread use .
there is n't a conspiracy infrastructure takes time to build .
i love he frames it all the way back to the upper half of the zone haha
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=bi_cowboy .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i think we have a few benefits for first home buyers like not paying for stamp duty but in australia in the city i live in you 'll be looking at at least 500k for a house .
i 'm hoping to buy an apartment since i 'm a pretty minimalist person and would n't have the time to maintain a house by myself .
i 've got a credit card just so i can try and gradually improve my credit score in the time being .
me in 8th grade after i hit my friends juul one time in the locker room
if you have to lie to children to get them participate in unethical behavior you prob should reflect on that yourself .
i hear it 's got to be a party of special magnificence
to me 9 then 8 i was n't a big fan of 7
yet you ignore quoted sources even one officially posted on the 8wayrun website which you know is ...
so someone acting like an expert do you even visit 8wayrun or any of the rest of the fandom ?
i would give it a dam good liking and suck the cum out of it
i have an ipad pro apple pencil i do n't like it for note taking .
i like having an actual paper and pen in front of me .
i print out my powerpoints and put them into a big binder .
i like to be able to flip through looking for stuff all right in front of me instead of looking through documents on screen .
it 's definitely more worth buying a laptop instead than an ipad in my opinion
there is an above ground pool somewhere on this property .
i 've been patient waiting for timber prices to come back down after the shortage '' .
minimart from the thumbnail of the game and the name i thought it was like a tycoon game where you customize it like move the shelves around and things like that .
but turns out it was worse that the average tycoon game .
automation is nonexistent unless you pay robux a lot and the upgrades are as brain dead as it gets .
for example there is an upgrade that increases the production of your tomatoes but it already grows fast enough to supply 5 tomatoes per second not to mention you can only hold 3 at a time to restock unless you pay robux
and they were counting checked kicks as legitimate strikes .
either way he was losing the second and the momentum of the fight .
getting thoroughly out striked and had just been clipped by a spinning heel kick to the dome .
pedro did n't even land a single head or body attack .
he was taking way more damage and should 've lost the first based on actual damage done to him vs o'malley .
he had damaged shins and a damaged left eye in the first .
he was on his way to a loss and should n't have even won the 1st round based on the actual judging criteria .
we can say he got poked but let 's not make stuff up about the fight okay ?
you can downvote me but at least tell me why i 'm wrong you guys can separate scoring the fight properly by the judging criteria and your bias towards sean ca n't you ?
its like you guys just want to ignore all the checked kicks because you do n't like sean .
mines the same ether laying flat on the ground on there tummy with there hind legs spread out or on the back with there legs spread out
she would see him and then end up crying by the end of the night and fall sick again .
i felt so overwhelmed because she was going through so much over a man that she knew did n't even like her .
being able to teleport to any pylon is basically the same as teleporting home and then using a pylon .
the main thing of value w the universal pylon is teleporting to it .
besides that would make the item post moon lord which makes it substantially less useful .
i seen that at the vintage store for 9.99.. but the case was trash and there was n't a manual .
i could 've gotten it and exchanged the case but i ended up getting spec ops the line instead for 6 .
my super told me the scanner has to move eight feet .
i would time your breaks directly in front of a location where you have a parcel .
pull up to the location take a break deliver the parcel take a break .
the satavahanas were hindus and claimed brahmanical status 3 although they also made generous donations to buddhist monasteries. 95 the lay people in the satavahana period generally did not exclusively support a particular religious group . 69
the naneghat inscription of nayanika recorded on the walls of a buddhist monastic cave mentions that her husband satakarni i performed several vedic sacrifices including ashvamedha horse sacrifice rajasuya royal consecration and agnyadheya fire ceremony . 96 the inscription also records substantial fees paid to brahmin priests and attendees for these sacrifices .
for example 10,001 cows were granted for the bhagala-dasaratra sacrifice and 24,400 coins were granted for another sacrifice whose name is not clear. 97
in the nashik inscription of gautami balashri her son gautamiputra satakarni is called ekabamhana '' which is interpreted by some as unrivaled brahmana '' thus indicating a brahmin origin .
however r. g. bhandarkar interprets this word as the only protector of the brahmins '' . 98
a number of buddhist monastic sites emerged in the deccan region during the satavahana period .
however the exact relations between these monasteries and the satavahana government is not clear. 87 the pandavleni caves inscription issued during the reign of kanha states that the cave was excavated by maha-matra officer-in-charge of the shramanas non-vedic ascetics .
based on this sudhakar chattopadhyaya concludes that kanha favoured buddhism and had an administrative department dedicated to the welfare of buddhist monks. 35
however carla m. sinopoli notes that although there are some records of donations to the buddhist monasteries by the satavahana royals the vast majority of the donations were made by the non-royals .
the most common among these donors were merchants and many of the monasteries were located along the important trade routes. 87 the merchants probably donated to the monasteries because these sites facilitated trade by serving as rest houses and possibly by directly participating in the trade. 3 the monasteries appear to have been an important venue for displaying charitable donations including the donations made to non-buddhists especially brahmins
• a beautiful crown made of antlers from a large stag .
amongst the moss are an amount of goodberries that can be plucked and eaten .
○ these goodberries also function as visual markers of how many charges of magic it has .
plucking a goodberry consumes one charge and if charges are used for anything else the same number of goodberries shrivel and fall off .
○ casting spells from the staff requires no concentration nor material or somatic components .
they do still require a verbal component if the original spell requires it .
spells are cast at their lowest level are maintained for their full duration and keep their normal range and targeting unless otherwise specified .
• there are 5 goodberries and 1d4+1 regrow every dawn .
• while attuned to this crown the wielder is considered fey for the purposes of spells and magical identification .
they can also wild shape into a majestic stag with the following stats
○ antlers melee weapon attack add your wis modifier to your to hit rolls 5 ' range one target .
○ charge if the stag moves 10 ' in a straight line towards a target and then hits it with its antlers the target takes an additional 2d6 piercing damage .
if the target is a creature it must make a dc 11 str save or be knocked prone .
• the number of goodberries increases to 9 and 1d8+1 regrow every dawn .
• your stag form also gains power at this point using the following stats
○ antlers melee weapon attack add your wis modifier to your to hit rolls 5 ' range one target .
○ charge if the stag moves 10 in a straight line towards a target and then hits it with its antlers the target takes an additional 3d6 piercing damage .
if the target is a creature it must make a dc 12 str save or be knocked prone .
○ spellcasting in stag form you can cast the staff spells as normal .
and while you are in this form any spells that require concentration will require you to concentrate on them .
spells cast before wild shaping into the stag that require concentration will require you to concentrate on them once you wild shape .
if you have more than one spell in progress that requires concentration pick one and the other spells are dismissed .
• the number of goodberries increases to 13 and 1d12+1 regrow every dawn .
• your stag form also gains power at this point using the following stats
○ antlers melee weapon attack add your wis modifier to your to hit rolls 5 ' range one target .
○ charge if the stag moves 10 in a straight line towards a target and then hits it with its antlers the target takes an additional 4d6 piercing damage .
if the target is a creature it must make a dc 13 str save or be knocked prone .
○ spellcasting in stag form you can cast the staff spells as normal .
and while you are in this form any spells that require concentration will require you to concentrate on them .
spells cast before wild shaping into the stag that require concentration will require you to concentrate on them once you wild shape .
if you have more than one spell in progress that requires concentration pick one and the other spells are dismissed .
○ fey circle once per day you can target a point you can see within 60 feet .
each creature within 10 ' of that point must succeed on a wis save against your spellcasting dc or suffer one of the following effects
§ the creature falls asleep for 1 minute or until it takes damage or someone uses an action to slap or shake the creature awake .
§ the creature becomes frightened of you for 1 minute .
the creature can repeat its saving throw at the end of each of its turns ending the effect on a success .
§ the creature becomes charmed by you for 1 minute .
the creature can repeat its saving throw at the end of each of its turns ending the effect on a success .
§ the creature starts dancing uncontrollably for 1 minute .
during this time the creature must use all of its movement without leaving its space and has disadvantage on both dex saves and attack rolls .
while affected by this magical effect other creatures have advantage on attack rolls against it .
as an action the creature can make a wis save to regain control of itself .
the 2000s since that 's literally where 3/4ths of my 4 favorite movie slots are from .
more of this in the world seems like a net positive to me !
sounds like she only wanted you to call if you were serious about reading not just trading books acting like you read to get to know her .
the subreddit does n't allow videos with sound 🤷‍♂️ .
i seriously doubt that twitter would walk away from a billion dollars .
part of the statement i heard said he was disappointed that he 's had to end his career due to events outside of his control when he still felt he had something to offer ... .
maybe if he did n't ask for 50k from teams that could n't afford it when he did n't deserve it then he 'd still be playing .
personally i would n't have him anywhere near an u18s squad when you 're going through a process of changing the culture of arsenal and he seems to possess several of the personality traits meaning that process is needed in the first place .
jesus dude it 's a filter on a video it 's not staged .
can i get more pictures of the shinra fore force figure ?
i ca n't speak for the balance but i 'm very happy to see it ported !
its really unfortunate this does n't have any comments ...
i wish i had any answers but i 'm right there with you brother .
hopefully commenting this will help the algorithm recommend it more ?
less mass ... you want open flowing areas for a few reasons .
1 less dead space for crap to accumulate 2 less spots for fish to hide .
the two masses look good just have them more open and flowing probably pull 1-2 arches out of each of them .
iirc the cooldown was put on frozen orb because it caused frame rate issues or lag when playing online with several other players .
many many many many moons ago yes this was the case .
8 player fo games or have the odd skelemancer thrown in and yeah ... it just killed every computer in sight .
the only op was that you could crash others ' computers lol .
lol and that he stuffs socks in his pants to make his dick look bigger it 's even funnier when you watch the video where darf and his wife took cobes out to the bar and there 's a shot of hm leaning on a pool table with this comically huge sock shaped bulge in his pants
he made up a veterans charity and took that money too .
he tried to overthrow the government of the us because he ca n't stand to lose .
they have no hand ... that statement right there shows your ignorance of the conflict as a whole .
quick rules no unsolicited health or personal grooming advice sexual come-ons body shaming or any other incivility .
no pming our submitters and do not request more photos .
this is not a hookup sub and it 's not a place for our contributors to satisfy your sexual urge to see more of them .
quick submission rules no erect or semi-erect posts no sexual/flattering poses no monetized accounts onlyfans etc .
violations of these rules can result in your post being removed or a permanent account ban .
if you see comments in violation of these rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/normalnudes if you have any questions or concerns .
so i believe we 'd be leading if someone other than kelly ended the 7th cleanly
it might be useful to specify how competitive you want to be .
when you say standout '' and talk about convincing an edh group a lot of people are going to give you the most competitive pdh commanders that can helm combo decks stand up to lots of interaction and take games off of regular edh pods .
however from what you said it does n't sound like your group plays particularly competitively ?
if you 're looking for interesting mid-power commanders then i second crash 's suggestion of mayhem devil grindy and controlling .
cliffhaven vampire grindy life drain whereas vizkopa guildmage is more of burst drain and can feel like a combo deck .
if your friend likes making 32/32 creatures then this is a good option .
if your friend would like to cast big creatures or maybe fireball somebody in the face for 15 damage this will be fun for them .
focuses on using the summoner 's etb repeatedly to flood the board with beefy tokens .
because we do n't have as many board wipes as edh token strategies are less vulnerable especially when some of the tokens have 3 toughness to avoid stuff like fiery cannonade .
lorehold apprentice is one of the few boros non-legendary options that stays away from the aggro style that it sounds like your friend does n't like .
this one is a mix of spirit tribal and burn .
league guildmage can be built a ton of different ways but u/alkadron has a list that copies token producing spells as well as team buff spells like burn bright .
r/onlyfansbusty is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbusty if you have any questions or concerns .
nanites because of the diverse uses in a wide range of fields including medical and environmentalism
i just do 90 plus half of 90 haha .
it 's a nice metaphor for broader epistemological considerations .
it 's funny that we have no idea despite seeing her on a regular basis .
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
so u know the novel name of this manhua please tell i want to read novel so bad
it was harmless fun until dickheads took the opportunity to ruin it for everyone else by trashing theatres and treating employees and other moviegoers like shit .
we require a minimum account age of 10 days and a combined karma of 0 to be able to post and or comment on post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/premiumcheeks if you have any questions or concerns .
hey we do n't know her personally so who shall say if she has proper brain function 😜
i 'm so sorry all that shit happened to you .
você tenta ser melhor do que essas pessoas mas mano eu sou pardo e como que dá rancor daquilo cara .
its narrated by jack black and is quite entertaining for adults and kids .
also the same dude who did the art for waking life did the art over lays on every frame for apollo 10 1/2 .
that movie has a special place in my heart now it just came out .
i rarely give movies 8 's and 9 's .
lol had i known i would 've added those items to the order 🤣
somewhere someone is out there that has gone through exactly what you 're going through or something so incredibly similar .
do n't think you 're alone in this world .
like others have said got ta have sh-awd for the rdx .
added and do my best to daily gift too .
ehhh first half of the second is usually their best but yeah after then it changes
although payed exists the reason why autocorrection did n't help you it is only correct in
nautical context when it means to paint a surface or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant .
payed out when letting strings cables or ropes out by slacking them .
unfortunately i was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment .
market seems to think different it 'll be interesting ...
this fragrance does have that bit of powdery opening but thankfully the balsamic amber spice takes over and the dry down is heaven .
i honestly do n't get how some people say it 's a plain barbershop cologne .
ah yes a women that choked her bf very nice
would you want to be driving a tank when your opponent has enough anti tank weapons to destroy all of your army tanks 10x
a person who knows physics instead of a nutcrack who watches tiktok and thinks cern is up to summoning portals and doing some crazy shit .
feinting the bashes is not at all hard on controller .
and yea even if the move you make like lights for example is predictable it 's about how you do it .
switching up the sides not switching them up feinting bash into lights or into gn or into zone or hell even into another bash
wo n't be surprised if criminals start doing dd for community service soon 😂
all the people who purposefully muss their hair pedo royalty sex scandal ministry nft collectors bp investors neo liberal squatters just all the generally useless people torying it up with no pesky interference .
they 'll be eating each other and building thunderdomes within the year .
they 're sueing ... after he asked for more info on the bot subject ... they did n't give it to him so he retracted the bid ?
be like me saying i 'll buy your car but how many miles ... and you refuse to tell me and i 'm like ok i do n't want it then ... and u sue me lol wut
it seemed fine and i 've had this brand before ...
the straw hats just need a logia on their crew
i would like more about this hotel will use in the future .
he literally said he was buying it because bots were ruining it and he was going to fix that .
that 's what makes it a scotch on the rocks !
he gives you his best game out of dozens .
my gameplay starts to look good to me if i show you the one where everything is perfectly my way .
he is good but not all his games are .
you must main french ships by the sounds of it
sort of a weird party two gymnast swashbucklers and two hag bloodline sorcerers .
i think as characters they 'd get along though .
kids tend to also not be themselves during a interview .
i have heard p eople say all sorts of shit is a red flag or employers dont want it but then for almost every case i have found someone who got a job doing exactly that .
interviewing is a constantly changing world where the whims of whoever is interviewing are wild and random .
yeah anyone who has this loser in his nutsack had no business reproducing
i 've only ever been able to go to the er because i have out of state insurance so it 's hard to get a referral that wo n't cost an arm and a leg .
the doctor that i talked to did say that i should see a urologist or a gynecologist so i 'm hoping to find one close that j can go to .
it 's kinda derailing my life and hurting my mental health with having to miss work and not being able to function like a normal human being .
i 'm hoping i can get a good vitamin regiment cuz the antibiotics always mess me up .
he comes across exactly like in this post like a big bag of air .
you understand one of the most important parts of being a teenager i 'd call that enlightened
i do n't know what goes on in republican heads .
but pretty much everyone who is n't in florida hates florida .
always remember exit the stock if it 's down more than 8 from ur buying point .
would i be crazy to say that atonement should n't have anything to do with punishment ?
i think the first goal of punishment should be reform
in a case like the one you brought up reform is almost certainly impossible and we can never trust someone like that in society again so maybe the death penalty is appropriate .
but i think that should be a pragmatic decision and not one made to make up for what they did
there is also everything that leads up to the slaughter .
the warehousing the shitty feed the stress and tight quarters the transportation to the slaughterhouse being at the beach of a line and hearing screams coming from where you 're being forced to go .
as someone who 's spent their life in the agricultural industry and gotten a degree in animal science and range management .
warehousing '' is only an issue with pigs chickens and turkey .
and even then it becomes a pretty grey debate area as i 'll explain later on .
but i want to address each of your points individually instead of trying to hit it wholesale .
it 's the exact opposite and the main reason for all of our methane issues seen within the dairy and beef industries .
we give livestock including poultry and pig the highest quality feed possible meaning high protein .
with chickens you want them hatched and shipped to slaughter within 6 weeks for cattle you want them weaned at 6 months backgrounded grass fed for roughly 6 7 months put onto a feed lot for 3 months then shipped to the slaughter house .
the majority of weight gained on cattle is at the feed lot where they can gain upwards of 4 5 lbs a day .
by feeding them these super high protein diets they gain tons of weight but because there 's low amounts of roughage it blows through them .
so the quality is much higher than they would get within an organic pasture setting where forage quality hits the floor come end of august .
and organic raised chickens take much longer than 6 weeks to reach a good processing weight .
this ties into the above with the weight gain soapbox speech .
the more stressed an animal is the less weight they gain the tougher the meat lower quality of meat produced less milk produced and less eggs produced .
so economically morally and scientifically it makes no sense for the animals to be intentionally stressed out by poor handling .
a lot of the locations i 've worked at beef industry there was always a week course of going through and making sure everyone understood holistic handling .
the higher ups always were paying attention at the feedlots and came down hard on people found to be abusing or being unnecessarily rough with the stock .
at slaughter houses this is even more critical because if the stock becomes stressed their meat becomes worthless .
this is a bigger issue in pork and beef than it is for chicken .
basically the meat becomes a deeper red gets real tough stringy and when cooked is generally dry .
so they have made significant improvements in slaughterhouse handling to prevent this from occurring as often .
so for cattle especially this is n't really an issue every feedlot i 've worked at or trucked cattle too always has plenty of room within the pens .
fact is you do n't want them squeezed together because of disease .
about 3 times a day you ride through the pens and check for sick cattle you pull them out and send them to the hospital pen .
the last thing you want is to be riding a horse or working cows in overcrowded pens .
all the trucks are a bit tight though and that 's mainly to keep them from running around during transport .
they can still move around and turn around if they want though .
i do n't know enough about them or the industry but from the little i know i would say they are way too packed together .
but i 'm ignorant about the poultry industry so it 's impossible for me to say for 100 .
pigs i know they have done studies showing they prefer to stay in their cages when given the option to leave .
but that was only done for sows as far as i know so it 's difficult to try and apply it more broadly to every pig ever .
but in transportation the few times i 've helped it was similar to cattle but they are more prone to over heating .
but it was a similar concept in loading enough to keep them from rocking the trailer but they can still move if needed .
being at the back of a line and hearing screams coming from where you 're being forced to go .
i really do n't know where you got this one .
from the moment the cow pokes her head in to the slaughter house a bolt goes straight into her head .
they are either killed on the spot or rendered unconscious where a machine then lifts them up by the back legs and the throats are cut .
so even if rendered unconscious they 've have died from blood loss before coming awake .
chickens are loaded on big conveyer belts and gassed maybe 20 30 at a time .
the animals in the back do n't hear a thing the biggest stress that they get is going from a well lit outdoor area to a darker building .
having worked at a slaughterhouse i guarantee you i could n't hear a thing and the cattle willingly followed the ones in front .
they were n't trying to turn back or hearing any screams either .
now if animals are given sufficient feed and space are they really being mistreated ?
at feedlots the only issue with cattle trying to break out and eat the green grass were the new arrivals .
the ones that had been there for 3 weeks chose eating out of the bunks food troughs over the green feed 8/10 times .
chickens stop walking because they get too fat and they just lose the desire because their food and water is readily available .
us as humans spend our lives in much smaller confinements eating junkier food and staring at our black boxes .
are there locations that mistreat the stock and do n't care absolutely .
can the industry continue to change and become better absolutely .
my point is the majority of operations are run by good people who take care of the animals .
and a lot of the peta videos and other such organizations choose the worst operations to represent the whole .
if this story is real they were probably at green door 5150 or red rooster .
i think those are the most popular ones for out-of-towners .
there are a bunch of public clubs like that and others where you have to know someone and get approved first .
most of the clubs have a pricing structure where single guys pay full price usually 100ish couples pay a significantly reduced cover and single women get in free or almost free .
if these kinds of venues are your jam vegas is a great place to visit .
remember your use case vs someone else 's will be different .
i do content creation while on the road as well and 32gb will come in handy for this .
if this is the only way to get 32gb directly from asus in the us i may have to do it .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=lendbdhdbd .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
come on he is the leader of the far-right militias .
had a guest steal my coworkers dinner when he was n't looking .
he then went and saw morbius so i think we got our revenge there .
buuuuuut in the end all of the clone troopers were 'decommissioned ' .
i vividly recall hating my grandmother 's pb js as a kid and i never could figure out why ... until one time when i was sick but went to the kitchen to keep her company while she made lunch for me .
and i watched her put peanut butter down then tried to spread jelly on top of the peanut butter like some kind of heathen .
i was like why ... why do n't you spread the jelly on the other slice of bread ? ! ''
she kinda looked at me looked at the jelly-blobbed abomination she was making and said huh i never thought about doing it that way before ! ''
and then for weeks she was delightedly telling everyone how much easier it was to make the sandwiches that way .
🤦‍♀️🤣 your poor dad though he tried so hard !
both cases you mentioned are new and i despise them both equally but even if it was n't a new thing it would n't make it right .
as always wg is lazily trying to fit a square peg into a round hole but they are starting to push it too far and it shows with this kind of stuff and how newer ships tend to be over reliant on gimmicks .
that is a bad direction and it will show .
they never once asked you if you would be willing to take care of their child while they were at work or wanted a date night out/“fun time .
had they asked you to help i feel like you may have been more inclined to help out watching your grandchild a couple days a week or whatever to help relieve childcare costs .
but they just assumed you would essentially raise their child for them so they could just go off and do whatever they want which is not right or fair .
just as you said their lives will become all about a baby because that 's what it means to have a child and become parents putting the child 's needs before you 're own .
it 's time for amanda and chad to grow up and take responsibility for their actions .
wicked list man i like the idea of by year created i posted a video list above i think its a good list too
how ethical it is to wirthdraw consent when you are no longer attracted to someone ?
you can wirthdraw consent whenever you want to for whatever reason .
you are not obligated to sleep with someone against your will .
wirthdrawing consent and not sleeping with someone is much better than undergoing sex against your will and regretting it .
i mean plenty of people have plenty of looks-related preferences .
if you are not attracted to someone because of their penis size you are better off not shagging them .
it sucks for the guy but that 's a him problem .
if you 're that concerned about your safety i 'd just quit by phone .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
dang that 's amazing how did you get the roof like that ?
and my series 2 have been replaced twice now due to glitchy a-buttons twice did n't work straight out of the box without any usage .
but the only way to get freaks like this off your back is to put a bullet in them .
like for fucks sake this freak straight up fantasizes about killing you and having sex with your corpse .
this freak is clearly mentally disturbed and has no business being out of jail cell .
10/10 would bury my face in that and eat it like there was no tomorrow
yes and i am just now learning that there are people who do n't .
same reason i wear it everywhere except the gym and operating .
because i 'm married and i 'm at no real risk of having my finger torn off due to it being there .
r/camgirlshelp a subreddit dedicated to camgirls and their fans .
r/xlove a cozy subreddit about xlovecam models and their customers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/camgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
this is meant to be funny but why do n't you know your own son 's lunch meal ?
why did she have to put this out for you ?
a shaman swims in the same waters as a schizophrenic .
not saying you 're on a shaman path just saying higher dimensions and schizophrenia go hand n hand .
it 's gets easier then it gets harder than clarity happens .
it 's a loop of some sort but every reloop is a bit different .
not on your list but would you be interested in an eae dude incredible v2 for the shallow water ?
i compared it to my summer island tube dress the fabric is different to the touch .
he already has more war than seager got all of last season where he was honestly pretty decent .
a reminder of the rules for posting and commenting on our sub
this sub is strictly platonic and sfw any users after anything romantic or sexual will be banned this includes users that interact with nsfw subs .
state your age if you are a minor or if you are commenting on a minors post adult users who try to interact with minors will be banned .
if you are a minor and an adult reaches out to you in dms please contact the mods through modmail on the main r/friendship page .
no advertising for any kind of good or services include discord server links
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendship if you have any questions or concerns .
unlock the door to darkness duh ca n't have an adventure without antagonists
well whos to say what the parents are like but it doesnt seem like they have/had a bad upbringing .
seems like op is just knee jerk reacting to placate this adult gf who wanted him to abandon a child .
honestly i hate that the actual question posed is if op wbta for not abandoning his brother bc he is the ah in this situation .
even if this was an adult brother or friend this is such an extreme reaction to a small comment .
i have toe separators that go on these outer three toes and i use them all night long even though i wake up with low-key sore muscles .
it 's way better than feeling like my toes are mashed together .
germans so anti nuclear smh like 'where do waste go ' and before you even answered 'yea checkmate libiral owned '
you 'll get your revenge when you run into a tree and i jump out thinking you 're stuck and then you back over me .
yeah it 's still not much data at all though especially when a company/publisher worth billions could turn to amazon microsoft infrastructure to host the server systems and probablly already do the most accepted amount of data per hour to run the game for the client i can find online is 230 megabits/h which is 3.8 megabits/min and so 0.063/s 63kb/s per second ...
if you then take the total of a maximum of 60 players alive spectating and no one disconnected you 're looking at 3,780 kilobits/s per server or 3.7mb/s each second which is absoloutely nothing to stream this would be viable for any home internet system to host a game.i 'm sure there 's other small overheads but i 'm also certain there are many other optimisations that can be done to netcode and how server instances are managed run like having a shit tonne of tl dr there 's no excuse when looking at maximum throughput it 's still low .
failure to comment/reply with exact brushes or brush category and/or process will get your post removed regardless of the number of upvotes .
saying only 'default brushes ' and 'custom brushes ' do not count as answers anymore .
those answers are vague and will require the process in addition to be a valid response .
if you consider yourself as an often poster and have a consistent style/method send a modmail to be given a different automod comment that already mentions what you use and just make a mention if anything different was done .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/procreate if you have any questions or concerns .
yep same here with a big old circular slice of watermelon rind left on and i usually cut a little hole in the middle to help them start it off .
nah the police should look like a group there to keep the citizens safe not be decked out in riot gear that clearly indicates they see the citizens as the threat .
not carrying a gun and a whole ass stack of zip-cuffs .
not forming a line against them when they 're just protesting i.e .
an overt symbol of 'opposition ' to the protest .
i do n't care if a guy in a white supremacist uniform asks how my day was or tells me he just wants to make sure we all act properly '' once again this is just the state delegitimizing anything but passive acceptance of what changes the state deigns to grant the choice to wear that uniform makes them bad .
there is no functional legal system in india ffs .
tnd is a generic action film that pales in comparison to tswlm or most other bond films .
gf is a good film but has pacing problems and a cringe worthy barn scene that lowers it to mid tier
ge is the closest in quality and a great film .
but not trying to impress anyone just trying to improve myself 😊
i dislike empire apologists but i also hate when people say japan was only doing what europeans had done in asia .
it 's like saying hitler was only doing what france did in the napoleonic wars .
you could mock up a beer drinking helmet possibly ?
emiway brought up the collab thing to counter krsna saying that emiway is not a rapper .
why did he collab with emiway and later say that he 's a bad artist .
krsna did n't reply to that point but brought up some out of context points like who all were performing there which made no sense .
krsna also said that he helped emiway with saavn .
so then why did he take a u turn is what emiway meant when he brought up the whole divine ne milaya thing .
the advisable route would be to create a partition and install on that
if howver using steam or such launchers let them use the default install directory for game library no harm there performance wise
as i know zombie buff is worth a turtle or a crocodile
im not sure about the arctic fox but i remember my friend traded it for a winged horse so it should be worth to something like that
the long answer is complicated and highly depends on how you will season it and with what oil .
coool color scheme i wanted to try it myself but it seemed too hard for my painting skills looks like you got it although there seems to be a little too much agrax earthshade on some parts like the venom crawler top
well i just got off from playing donkey kong country returns he does n't really have any abilities except for being a gorilla so i guess i could just have gorilla strength or something lol .
first of all there is no lies it is just in your case false belief .
with that false belief comes a threat to democracy which they are trying to defend .
you are so close minded and ca n't think of why the other side thinks the way it does .
it is completely okay to understand why the other side thinks the way it does then disagree .
but it is not ok to not even be able to think about how the other side thinks and continue the augment .
imo they 've looked way closer to rb and ferrari than the rest during quali this season
do yourself a favor and go ahead and tape the bottom of your down to earth amendments .
looks good and i think there is a really good living soul recipe on youtube that uses these same ingredients so good place to start .
call osha if your so antiwork like use a little bit of the brain you have ?
your submission has been automatically removed as you are 31 and do not meet the age requirement 35 for submitting to this group .
you may want to consider checking out and posting to the following as they are open to men of all ages 18
please be aware to follow the rest of the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dadsgonewild/about/rules else risk being banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
he may be brainwashed to always leave room for jesus .
he puts 10/10 girls in the 15 mark thus making him smaller and not worthy of her league .
he could have a secret girlfriend and does n't want to cheat her in his mind .
one way you can start is find out what he watches on youtube .
if it 's anime just talk what anime girls talk about .
im not even sure about how canada looks like but in my eyes any billionaire is almost automatically an oligarch .
if they ever use their money to lobby aka corrupt in politics they have free reign .
some people think it should be banned in prisons since they believe it 's a form of torture
completely off topic here but your hair is absolutely gorgeous
i only jill off when my man denies me which unfortunately is more than i would like it to be .
wait is n't 34° f cold i thought things travel faster when they 're hotter
yeah as a picky eater i could n't handle having to eat something like that at a restaurant that i didnt like but if op does actually like the dish then it changes things completely .
it also makes it reasonable that op 's bf would think that op was happy to have the duck and share .
poor guy was so looking forward to it and it 'd really wreck a meal thinking about how much money you 'd wasted on it .
it 's one of the few rights we still have left before they take that away go eat a damn peanut butter sandwich at home if you 're hungry .
fuck me that was amazing need a tongue to help you go again before i slip my cock in ?
requirements are high but a lot comes down to chance .
not personally but im saying he has the most relatable personal problems imo .
rein demographisch gesehen ist dass in 40 jahren ist das nichtmehr so stark relevant wie in den kommenden 5-20 jahren
man fuck you and fuck your high road bullshit .
if you 're going to be a cunt i 'll call you one .
now with social media there 's plenty of other people that will call you a cunt as well .
just finished 10.30pm and have n't event made a dent in my to do list 😖😖
i did n't know they allowed whales at the swingersclub these days.or do they just use you to make other people feel pretty ? i bet it works .
next time i am fucking a cute girl i want you to serve us .
you can be the mattress i can organize a whole orgy on a stomach that big .
ignoring this warning will result in a permanent ban on a first offense .
make sure you have read and followed the rules posted here https www.reddit.com/r/designjobs/comments/c6iy7w/updated_rules_guidelines_read_before_posting
this is an automated message you are fine if you did follow the rules when posting
positive and negative feedback about u/tcockscreampie21 is only allowed in r/testimonials .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/designjobs if you have any questions or concerns .
if not the easiest way to find the owner of a lost phone is to contact the phone company .
heck even if it 's dead you can also check the sim card .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/milf/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'verified milf ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/milf/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/milf/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/milf if you have any questions or concerns .
daddy would love to play with you for a few days
in the ng you stay active in your state and can move up in the unit .
at the company level there is a training nco usually an e5 who handles ranges training schedules dtms input mandatory training requirements an admin nco usually an e6 who does promotions osrb awards and a readiness nco usually an e7 who has done all of the above and is typically the sme on the unit .
there is also at least 1 supply nco usually an e6 these positions at the company level sometimes have all of these positions or sometimes are without admin or training ncos .
i 'm a training officer at a medevac unit and we are fortunate enough to be fully staffed .
we do n't have pt can take leave almost whenever we want as long as it does n't affect work and can flex our hours and yes we work the drill weekend but so do all the soldiers on the weekends who have jobs too .
there are a lot out there but odoo and teamleader are belgian companies .
teamleader has an integration with billit in case you are already using this for your invoicing .
spend 50 bucks on a cheap headunit and then however much parts are .
i do n't even trust them to build the children 's hospital right .
clean the top of ur dick before requesting a road head
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
you guys are way too online if you think this is fake .
everything you 're suggesting as indicators is easily explainable .
just bringing attention to the fact that in the old days it was often acceptable to do horrendous things to queers '' like beat the shit out of them or even kill them .
i think one of the reasons the face looks off is because of how its joined to the neck
• the hair makes the neck look like it ends at a straight line behind the ear so try to make it seem it 's wrapping around it more .
• the underchin you did is a bit too far out https images.app.goo.gl/cm1hhkihwazdlnat6 you 'd draw that in a more side profile perspective than you have going on .
• the left side of the face is at a different angle to the rest of the face .
try squishing it a bit with the disort tool .
then move the whole head slightly further on the neck .
i made a little example showing the changes to help you understand what i mean i 'm very bad at explaining .
it 's in no way perfect but i hope this helps https linksharing.samsungcloud.com/zl0m5edljnrj .
you 've done an amazing job i love the shading and colours .
the people are from what it looks like terribly unhappy .
i 'm not lonely the voices in my head wo n't let me be .
lol yeah two years was a little dramatic but i started playing in august of 2020 and hit diamond in january of 2021
just focus on shredding and the rest will fall into place .
ok so end of s2 you got vicky in the supe fbi ryan in saftey and soldier boy non existant .
end of the s3 bn is dead maeve is powerless ryan is a fash vicky is vp and soldier boy is in custody .
maybe.. just maybe wait til s4 til you say this season is skippable .
5 yuan has been removed from your rent this month .
really like the concept this is probably a bit on the weak side though as getting food throughout the game will be hard
yeah i was really hoping it was n't ted texting .
rebecca and sam were doomed to fail due to the power imbalance alone so i was happy they got together quickly and ended just as quickly .
job interviews are like dating ... it 's a matter of numbers and timing .
a lot of times it 's more about your competition than it is a reflection on you .
based on my background i have 3 types of roles within my industry that i could reasonably get hired for .
i have tailored three resumes to those roles and whenever i see a posting i just apply .
if i do n't nbd i already have two jobs .
do they behead people for following a different faith ?
this article just sounds like a bunch of people pulling theories out of thin air just for clout .
none of these things have been proved in court none have any evidence .
hey do n't get me wrong some of these things might have been true but what happened to innocent until proven guilty .
i think we should cut them some slack until someone comes up with an concrete evidence .
my doodle is sporting the same cut right now but it has grown out a bit same coloring and grin too !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tittydrop if you have any questions or concerns .
while the second is more casual and on my vibe the third is really cool
woah a mom does n't want her kid to go off and train alone for years to fight space fascists ? ?
your point was that this had something to do with hunter ?
or is this just your scrambled brain trying to say ukraine bad '' because your types hate democracy and want russian style dictatorial authoritarian rule over other people ?
bei 60k hast du knappe 3k netto wenn man hier 1200 bis 1500 miete zahlt hat man noch 1500 zum spass haben ... ich lebe auch in einer großstadt bin gerade umgezogen wohne in einer guten gegend zahle 1000 euro für 95 qm ...
nu știu eu sa pun linkuri aici ca s boomer dar cauta referring to children gender neutral.pentru mine e înfiorător câte resurse sunt care îndeamnă sa ți crești copilul fără identitate de gen .
there 's nothing i hate more as a reader with adhd than books with a lot of distractions underlined words and text notations in them .
this is sound advice provided they make enough rent to cover all their costs .
with mortgage interest no longer tax deductible for higher rate payers its possible to make an accounting profit and have to pay tax whilst actually making a loss overall !
op u need to work out what your incoming money and outgoing costs would be before doing this .
you would need to include in the this the cost of an accountant to do your self assessment each year unless you can do it yourself or already do it of course
he berates cops that arent fun cops '' and actively butts in on processing and insists on violent felons get ridiculous amounts of time off because he doesnt believe in punishments ''
lmao what a weird narrative is been almost a year since he forced someone to give ridiculous time off and he straight off ignores when people ask for him in the cells .
come on i now is hot to hate baas been part of the train myself but some things people say about him are ridiculous .
he has literally been part of our most successful era in our history and was influential in about 3 titles and other trophies 👍🏾 just because he treats his occupation as just a job does n't mean he 's not a club legend .
u fail to mention what he has done outside football like charity work his mbe for work on racial equality .
do the engineers mechanics and race control guys back in the factories get double time paid for working weekends ?
my alpha legion can infiltrate my salamanders better now as they can bond over how good flamers are
it really is the audio version of smoking i just politely ask if they could do that somewhere else .
there is no climate to destroy on mars so we 're good .
we 're in desperate need of both at billy vees classic italian restaurant in clive .
management is definitely on the conservative side and bill can be intense but if you show up and work hard they 'd go to war for you .
and it takes a while because people have rights and they have to flip people first in order to get them to testify against the people at the top .
should n't we be able to find a point at which we can reconcile the sins of our past though ? ''
there is no magical point to go back to where all conflict cam be remedied .
first line supervisor here i too recently pushed away from my computer and especially my outlook inbox for as long as possible when on duty .
being task saturated beyond any point in my career right now if someone needs something from me wants something fixed or has a question the best and quickest way is to walk down to my office or call me .
otherwise i 'm pushed away from reading fwds and non pertinent emails to focus my efforts into something worthwhile quantifiable and ethical like making sure the guys under me are trained the right way and have the tools and know how to get where they want to one day while meeting our stakeholders expectations
what 's there to talk about besides power comparisons the anime is n't on yet and people who has read the manga do n't want to spoil it for anime onlys
complete with gang violence excessively brutal police stupid vapid npc people and the strangest mish-mash of culture you 've ever seen .
23 was when i had sex for the first time .
since losing my virginity the longest i 've gone without sex was 5 weeks due to pandemic restrictions keeping my boyfriend and i apart .
i would suggest buying on of those chemistry subscription boxes .
as a working chemist i do n't recommend diy chemistry .
very small changes can result in massive changes in effect and it takes years to get a mental radar on what 's good and what 's bad .
for instance switching out hcl for nitric acid could result in an explosion .
fairy play i 'd say even if you do n't feel up to really getting into the character the sexond best option is probably to watc a cutscene compilation .
though having played all the way through i 'm not sure if you 'd miss anything out !
i can see an mfa from a larger city being fairly worthwhile simply because it helps you network with a larger pool of people and make connections .
it also plays into the stereotype of the fine art community regarding coming across as worldly/sophisticated .
i think one of the most important aspects to look at is what you will get in addition to the piece of paper do they provide studio space connections to alumni does the school have a good reputation or provide connection to other schools or institutes how about mentorships etc .
an mfa program is going to be expensive so get everything you possibly can from them in return .
i always use the kind that comes in a tube .
much fresher and much better tasting than the jarred stuff .
damn same i log in everyday with my 20k account and do n't get it either .
oh so how jews lived away from the camps in fear for their lives or in fear of their loved ones and the ones that did live in camps until they either got super lucky and escaped or were murdered ?
there 's a reason we call it chaotic stupid most of the time .
and then i assume i would just let me vassals run around and skirmish and defend their settlements to serve as distractions ?
i 'm halfway through the first book already and like it a lot .
now i was gon na answer with honesty but long sword player bad meme .
reminder to commenters do n't be ... an inconvenience .
https 64.media.tumblr.com/7fad1e10bbbbf48928bcfc0eb9353527/ac1ff953d4b107ac-5b/s540x810/49c17289fe4ea10eecab8144ac5d0739bd86c499.gifv share kindness support and compassion not criticism .
https media0.giphy.com/media/tzpgrrmuoxgeq/giphy.gif we want op to feel loved and not in a tough way .
https media.giphy.com/media/xt5lmq2cghiqqy4ixc/giphy.gif for more helpful information please hit up our beautiful rules wiki !
reminder to all watch out for a creepy pedo posing as an ot/speech therapist https www.reddit.com/r/breakingmom/comments/8ccqqi/disgusting_pedophile_troll_posing_as_otspeech giving fucked-up potty-training advice and do n't sweat it if your post gets 1 or 2 instant downvotes .
http i.imgur.com/pztqb.gif you did n't do anything wrong we just have asshole lurkers https i.imgur.com/iwu9r3e.gif downvote bots https i.imgur.com/lwycf6s.gif stalking our new queue .
help a bromo out and give her an upvote https i.imgur.com/y60mbxv.gif ok ?
reminder to cassie morris you do not have permission to use reproduce modify or link to any content in this subreddit in any way shape or form .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breakingmom if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegeamateurs if you have any questions or concerns .
not getting your fire going easily you need to know how to do that in five minutes it will save a lot of headache every time
i feel like matt chapman is going to lie awake tonight reliving that moment in his head
i was completely out of it after surgery but when i went for my follow up i asked if he had any pictures and he said they do n't take pics of the glands rip .
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
you can say whatever you like about hillary but think we all agree alec baldwin got the partner he deserved .
a new set of gods the idea of the after life being true .
america has mass shootings and insurrections nz has housing and food price crisises but at least somewhere in the world someone is still complaining about actual first world problems with europe ahhh there 's too many cables '' .
who about the devout '' bitch just ask someone else to ring the customer up .
or perhaps he should have grabbed them and walked out .
charleston sc.. nicknamed the holy city”.. we have a substantial amount of historical churches .
if there is a hearse parked out front do not try to come into the church to visit a funeral is going on .
i heard you can add more coins if you add gum and melted chocolate .
might come in handy in a gamble for one 's soul .
lather taylor of old bond street royal forest cream https trythatsoap.com/collection/2706 ? product_type=cream
post shave zingari the explorer balm https trythatsoap.com/collection/1724 ? product_type=balm
i am in same boat i 've been searching for over a month .
i have emailed over 100 places and only received 4 replies and had 1 viewing we have a family member in dublin who could do this .
we have even offered to pay 6-12 months in advance and still nothing .
1 place said they did not consider us since we would not have a pps number in time to register the lease .
everything i have read indicates a pps number is not required to let accommodation .
we can not even find an airbnb under 10k for a short term .
i will follow this post in hopes of getting some advice .
typically stabbing things create way more force than most bullets .
it 's why kevlar vests that are rated ti stop pistol fire generally ca n't stop knives .
made a fresh newborn who is albino and a giant start for my era zaharrak run and 3 years into the game this pops up .
no i did not pick the second option partially because of it being too degenerate even for me but also it 's funnier to have a child be so ignorant that he just shrugs it off .
my situation is a step worse i like my best friend and he 's also bi but i found out he has a bf and they 're def not breaking up anytime soon
they should make that as a shiny that should be the shinies aptos
please i have n't updated my phone yet so all i can see is a question mark
from a woman 's perspective i absolutely agree with everything on this list .
and i know no sorry will fix the damage .
but this is just sad if our men are treated this badly .
what did the chinese cell phones do to the us market ?
oh sorry i was referring to in the ‘street view ' itself there is a sort of 3d parallax effect as you look around or move up and down the street .
also yeah 3d is updated too with buildings appearing as their shape in map mode satellite 3d is still only in big cities
i made my account just to ask for this link .
since it 's new i ca n't pm you .
i think government or civics needs to be brought back .
i would like to have not used scantron or gotten multiple choice a b c or d answers and instead done a written in answer .
i see it now falling down to not making teachers grade everything by hand but i believe in the power of writing things down in it 's relation to recall
cause seth macfarlane created this world and he 's a fan of musicals
i had it happen when i was in a shootout with a mexican gang .
i wish i could say i 'm surprised but i 'm unfortunately not .
might have been one of those fake dayone copycat servers .
got upgraded a few months ago to c and i do n't hold a medallion status .
its a corrupt system and it feels like a losing battle .
you can petition the court yourself maybe try a law advocacy center .
almost seems like they are trying to keep something like the bs drug test from coming out .
the fact you were n't given the results and the chain of custody stinks .
sent you a message bud hope to see you at the boyos 🍻
lol u edited it to try counter my response lol
as others have said yes going to school will help you stay busy and stop you from isolating yourself .
however keeping yourself too busy could also be your undoing as it could overwhelm you which you already sense might happen .
this second part is absolutely valid and should not be ignored just for the sake of trying to make things work .
if you need time it 's what 's going to help you rebuild your life .
is there a way to do reduced load at school or go part time for now ?
this way to stay in the environment where you 're not isolated but are not taking on too much and have time for the extra self care you absolutely need .
but if this seems not doable that 's absolutely fine !
do n't do it find another way to build a meaningful life in your gap year no it does not have to be productive '' as long as you can survive .
take care of the practical stuff that others mentioned for survival but also set supports in place .
these could be formal supports therapy group therapy anything where you can build some supports to help you when you 're really down .
i can not stress to you enough work with the capacity you actually have not what you wish you could have .
working way beyond your capacity will lead to nothing good .
you will rarely if ever hear anything but stellar review .
ultron the most versatile substance on the planet and they used it to build a dildo .
hopefully the sun did n't oven bake the dirt on the car as well .
when corona hit i started only getting takeout but i actually thought about this and since then have stuck to only takeout for this reason .
yet now when i go through even smoothie king or a coffee shop and the barista will ask if i want to leave a tip and it just makes me mad because i know it 's managements way out of paying people a living fucking wage i just say you can round up but having worked as a server for years 4 i can remember thinking and still wonder why do restaurants get out paying a minimum wage and passing that on to the customer when other businesses do not ?
who made that rule that 2.13 an hour was okay ?
i scrolled for at least 5 minutes thinking about the joke .
but i 've been in the whites regularly since 1990 .
i hope others chime in but there 's fully 80 of me that is concerned for you reading this post .
i say this with zero sarcasm and utmost respect to a fellow human being if you do n't know how to handle yourself in fog and rain above tree line do n't know how to bail do n't know what gear you need and do n't know if you need a gps or map for guidance you have no business being above tree line in the presies .
you could face serious peril if things go south and they often do .
i 'm not sharing this reply to knock you down a peg make fun of you or shred you on reddit .
the whites routinely put hikers in peril and i 'd hate to see the same for you .
respectfully it sounds like you are not ready for this kind of trip .
oil penetrates deeper but needs to be renewed frequently because it will keep spreading on the surroundings until the parts get virtually dry .
grease need to be forced into parts or applied thick before installation .
on the other hand it 's thicker and will take tens or hundreds times longer to spread out and leave the part dry .
so fast moving parts need to be kept wet and oil is better .
slow moving joints or joints that are rarely moved can be done with grease which is really really cheaper as a system and as maintenance time .
yea i get it but they got ta pay bills man .
they 'll use our tax dollars to fight against us .
ori 2 é muito melhor não gostei do primeiro também
like eddie aid i do n't know why they call this stuff hamburger helper it does just fine all by itself.
the big question is whether the stock turbos have been replaced .
expect them to fail by 125k miles possibly sooner .
he 'll cry and wipe his tears with all those benjamin 's lol
i 'm not sure how it works in the us but here in france you have two types of self checkouts one with which you can grab up to 15 articles and scan them one by one when you 're done or the one with a portable flashing gun you use to scan each article as you shop and pay at the end .
i know it will pick up around christmas time but i want to make it a steady side hustle because i really enjoy it but know right now it 's basically seasonal
there are no current or future plans for that as far as i 'm aware .
may i ask why you prefer to not use a parent launcher like steam ?
this might be the first time i 've heard someone not want all their games in one library interface .
tbf fees in alot of fields were really low compared to what they should be
that was a good read but also an unexpected gut punch back to the day he died .
damn she fucks beautifully i 'll love to fuck your wife
an old rambling man who ca n't read a teleprompter and an old man who reads everything on the teleprompter .
then if you have the money to spend on mags and you 're willing to be at a general disadvantage the smc-9 is pretty solid
i 'm betting the person claiming to be a 15 year old is not a child rather an adult predator of some sort .
i recognize she 's an adult but this just reads as a trap .
he does n't want you to shower by yourself unless he lets you ? sweetheart ... ..please please read that again .
you are a legal adult you can shower whenever you want .
no one gets paid for self care to ready themselves for a job .
it 's not disrespectful to lock the loo door when you are using it .
i 've been married 18 years have 3 boys and 3 cats .
you bet your ass i lock the damn door ! !
i have a cat that cat open the loo door and cat get the shower door open and join me !
this is not love and affection you are being given this is control and abuse !
von miller 6 edge .. lol he should not be on that list
look into the green planet dual fuel medical grade nutes .
if you are shipping them in water then they will drown .
usually a wet paper towel in an aerated container works well .
where can i find the king ranch emblem you have on the grill ?
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
your post there is nothing good about being a porn user has been removed because it violates our rules
controversial is not necessarily unpopular for example all of politics is controversial even though almost half of the us agrees with any given major position on an issue .
anything can be unpopular if you compare it with the views of a particular group such as veganism is a great idea '' at a vegan meet-up .
make sure your view is unpopular in wider society or at least among anybody who will have heard of the subject matter .
if there is an issue please message the mod team at https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2funpopularopinion thanks !
i would 100 write any other brand/flavor/size but also expect a message because recently when i replace an item it makes me send a are you okay with this text anyways
there is and i remember stumbling upon those comments as a kid and when i was in middle school .
did you go to buffalo rock and see the bison there i live nearby in the town of ottawa starved rock and the surrounding parks are very fun to go to and i love seeing the bison there
how long does it still feel good and when does it usually become unplayable ?
i ended up going with hyper g and just hope it can at least last me a month
look ... if petting a baby bear is how i go ... it 's how i go .
with trouble by taylor swift blasting over the comms .
i 'm not a swifty but damn that 'd be hilarious
the reel is 100 and 100 for the rod each .
it is a good deal for a bass combo .
if fishing in weeds or heavy cover go with a medium-heavy power and fast action .
a length of 6'9 '' to 7'2 '' will work well .
if fishing open areas with few weeds and cover a medium power is fine .
my long term relationship is falling apart around me so i 'll be alone again shortly .
the us is not the only developed economy with the death penalty unless you somehow consider japan 's economy to not be developed .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
are eligible for ongoing contests and can win free reddit premium coins and flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/womenbendingover if you have any questions or concerns .
not everyone speaks english there more languages in the world in case you did n't know .
this is how we 'd say it in our language 9 of november of 2022 ''
it 's a handoff to the right side but the linebacker sniffs that one out before it goes anywhere and they get 0 yard s 2nd and 10. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunzero message=it 27s 20a 20handoff 20to 20the 20right 20side 20but 20the 20linebacker 20sniffs 20that 20one 20out 20before 20it 20goes 20anywhere 20and 20they 20get 20 7byards 7d 20yard 28s 29 2c 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d .
it 's 2nd and 10 on the merrimack 38 .
this page https www.fca.org.uk/consumers/finding-adviser and this page https www.fca.org.uk/consumers/what-ask-adviser are a really good start .
i would personally use google take a bunch of firms and theb triage out based on the fcas what to ask then talk to 5 firms and see what feels right for you .
a good firm should ask about your objectives your risk appetite your tax approach and your tax risk appetite and then discuss with you how to move towards those objectives .
not suggesting less tax this sub is obsessed with reducing tax rather than maximising returns but tax gets complicated at your level and you want it to be correct .
the community in general ca n't seem to handle character 's flaws .
all the characters people brought up in this thread are very clearly purposefully flawed and/or plain misunderstood yet they get way too often called racist abusive or boring ...
sips tea in gratification of getting to actually achieve this and love it .
its probably genetic or it 's because i 'm aiya the famous celebrity who got wow 80 upvotelikehappy on my awesome post
bro the neck and head looks like an uncircumcised penis
in fact that is exactly what these laws resemble fugitive slave laws .
they literally are taking a page out of the racism book .
one thing i do n't get is why does the max verstappen stand exist ?
it 's like a football match where you have to seperate fans from each other .
was at silverstone last weekend and fans of all teams were together .
this type of seating will only need to more divides and 'us and them ' mentality .
nope got my popcorn ready and the heater on ready to go
well i say egg '' but really ... https www.amazon.com/dp/b09yr381nh ? psc=1 ref=ppx\_yo2ov\_dt\_b\_product\_details https www.amazon.com/dp/b09yr381nh ? psc=1 ref=ppx_yo2ov_dt_b_product_details
what happens next is that he gets the doll to pleased him but better act fast cuz a new hoonter is on its way ... .
but i can see the religious ones have their pickings of taking in emotionally damaged children brainwashing them in to the church cult and having a follower indefinitely to exploit especially financially and emotionally .
i 'm 25 and my hair has been green for 4 years.. before that i had it neon orange red then purple i 've tried blue and i 'm not stopping being green anytime soon .
she is asking for too much that will definitely damage your hair and there is no guarantee that it will end up looking the same as you have it now if you dye it back dads just have no fucking clue how these things work he 's just tired of hearing his fiancé bitch and moan about it .
it 's easier to appease her than establish boundaries and respect which is bs .
a star wars event like the pirate invasion but with
darth vader=lightsaber death star summon works similar to the twins summon
star destroyer darthvaders helmet always give you the dangersense buff the force a magic weapon that does forcey stuff fixed turret a mount similar to the santank mount
if in doubt always assume half assed rather than planned
i want him to keep going forever for my entertainment .
joe rogan will keep floating him through advertisements so unless brendan does something unforgiveable i am not worried .
u/kattonahottinroof please make sure your post does n't break any of our rules .
if it does please delete it before it gets removed .
if this post breaks any rules please report it or contact us via modmail so we can check it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/antimeme if you have any questions or concerns .
27 1 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vtvmn3/fresh_burna_boy_and_j_hus_cloak_and_dagger 91 fresh 93 burna boy and j hus cloak and dagger https open.spotify.com/track/0ce68b5scz9f3snj5uetgz ? si=r7shv1exqxi5piyzvd7ffw amp utm_source=copy-link sp https open.spotify.com/track/0ce68b5scz9f3snj5uetgz ? si=r7shv1exqxi5piyzvd7ffw utm_source=copy-link am https music.apple.com/us/album/cloak-dagger-feat-j-hus/1623677591 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1814473377 sc https soundcloud.com/burnaboy/cloak-dagger-feat-j-hus yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v6sokixqsfy ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=v6sokixqsfy list=rdamvmv6sokixqsfy
26 10 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vu1mv0/fresh_nle_choppa_in_the_uk 91 fresh 93 nle choppa in the uk https open.spotify.com/album/7uex2apzpqbryfjkhnjpth ? si=szbmbzczrr2xqle7jqkphq sp https open.spotify.com/album/7uex2apzpqbryfjkhnjpth ? si=szbmbzczrr2xqle7jqkphq am https music.apple.com/us/album/in-the-uk/1633117355 dzr https www.deezer.com/track/1814250357 sc https soundcloud.com/nlechoppa/nle-choppa-in-the-uk yt https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=akslvdjzqwo ytm https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=4kju6agn8uw feature=share
but also a democracy which is a separate other thing from the form of government .
it does n't really need to be it 's own update tbh
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
his and arthur 's hands started getting the shakes in certain situations and they remarked that it did n't happen before .
as time goes on the burdens of completely unaddressed ptsd clearly take their toll .
anyone who ca n't understand that has no clue what it means to have ptsd from a world war .
you 're born with a microbiota you got from being squeezed out of you mom .
your skin mouth etc.. do with that what you will .
not a suggestion at all just i know exactly how you feel with dirty and chemicals and content creator .
i actually love the final products and even the trial and error of learning what works .
but there 's no space except in my room .
ie tried content creator as well a few times and even without any viewers it 's still exhausting .
i know this does n't work for nts at all but i would rather be given the things i need and work when i can on what i am comfortable working on .
i 'm on disability and i 'm still trying to find something i can do .
that 's why i got the 3d printer because i thought i could .
i might still be able to if i can get a specific spot for it .
and find someone to help me sell things because no matter how much i try i can not get mercantile skill to even show up .
their appeal '' to the working class is n't working because they do n't actually give a damn .
even in california the land of paper straws and bagless grocery stores the place that 's parodied for being a liberal wonderland guess what ?
they have more than three times as many democrats in their state legislature as republicans .
but we just do n't have the votes '' comes the tired refrain from dc .
you just need to paint washington blue and then we can really get stuff done . ''
when you get power you do n't know what to do with it .
europe has to issue warnings to those travelling to the us to remind them that if they get in a car wreck it can bankrupt them .
this is the stuff that ought to be easy .
the one that found a guy who bragged about how he wants to punch faggots and elected him president .
that 's the standard that democrats are to the right of .
so maybe stop being surprised that the focus groups you hold in between jerking off with dirty anonymous money from special interests do n't come back with a resounding endorsement of your sincerity .
peeps may byahe ba na going to laoag from pitx or any bus terminal in ncr ?
nah that dude has only ever fucked prostitutes but ca n't even afford the high end ones .
he picks up street girls so he can abuse them and does n't even realize nearly every damn one of them has a kid .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i 'm mediterranean '' then go eat some olives bro that's mediterranean culture
personally i think federer 's 100 best would beat the same from nadal or djokovic but you will never see any exact match where 2 of the 3 are at their 100 fitness in their 100 best form at their absolute peak .
it 's always novak at his peak vs past peak federer or a surface that advantages one player over another etc .
what we can say though is that all three of them are absolutely insane monsters and it has been a privilege to see them all playing each other at the same time .
what 's even better is that they each have their own distinct style .
nadal has insane court speed and just pure topspin ripping .
novak has that incredible ability to just get back anything thrown at him .
it 's not like any one of them has tried to emulate another 's style they 've all done it their own way .
for anyone looking for off-campus alternatives planted on locke is quite nice or if you wanted to make things in a suite the coven market out by gage park has all the makings of vegan/vegetarian meals that you will need and while there you could also pick up some vegan ice cream from willard 's across the road
i thought you meant how much they were worth .
suddenly i 'm even more annoyed that i 'm not traveling to ohio for a convention next week because i got a really well-paying by the standards of kind of having just wandered into this career a few years ago on accident acting gig that weekend lol
you 're parents must be retarded since you are .
my family is from a country that fought both hitler and stalin on it 's own soil .
some people might take a bad hole and intentionally score worse to gain some extra handicap .
i ca n't remember the episode but the titanic conspiracy is a great one .
is pretty funny but there were a few seasons where bigfoot was the star .
they show why rhe running joke is that bigfoot is a bumbling idiot .
✅like and comment this post with proof and your address to send it nft
if they make weak constellations whales and big savers are upset .
if they make good constellations the f2ps and moderate spenders call them greedy and scummy for locking essential kit '' behind a paywall .
the latter group thinks any constellation that is decent should be built into c0 and that cons should be junk and skippable .
the reason there 's less outrage when constellations suck is because non-whales far outnumber whales so their voice is dominant .
tax increases will pay for the reversal of nic increases a business rate tax cut and insulation of 19m british homes .
i wear a shirt that says it 's ok to be white fat bald and ugly '' .
why should i be ashamed of what i am ?
remember if you do n't use it you lose it .
they send us home with either ensure protein or give us instructions to buy boost with protein .
dude md sucks ass i 'm amazed that many people do n't realize it
this community is focused on important or vital information and high-effort content .
please make sure your post follows the rules https www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/about/rules ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=usertext utm_name=ukraine utm_content=t5_2qqcn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukraine if you have any questions or concerns .
semitic a subfamily of afroasiatic languages that includes akkadian arabic aramaic ethiopic hebrew and phoenician .
now i know these are big hard words that can be confusing but the semitic language group includes arabic .
this means arabs are a part of the larger semitic group .
notice the definition does not say a people part of the arabic group '' and the definition for arab does not say includes all semitic people '' .
or do i need to explain it for you again ?
kids do n't care much about what is free and when they are bored they will be loud they will make a mess etc .
and on most kid menus the food is n't special but they have to wait ...
if there is no consideration there is no entitlement to be there .
the regular notice requirements are modified under non payment of rent as well .
i think you may get away with not providing notice but should consult with a legal expert on that .
could do that on nvidia shield tablet years ago .
convinces me we 'll see the ghost chopper and other surviving rebels cast jn ahsoka not just sabine .
making taunters tongue only accessible from the bonfire would fix all of this imo
i suppose the brown-skins are less moral than the white-skins huh ?
after all the white-skin countries allow women to vote earn money and have power .
in any case under sharia women are allowed to earn and own property and it is entirely theirs with no obligation to anyone .
men on the other hand are required to earn and their wealth must go towards the wellbeing of women .
so that 's a responsibility women are exempt from .
as men are responsible for the women under their care under sharia that means he is responsible for crimes his wife may commit .
women are exempt from conscription in all of those places men are not .
his wife may force sex on anyone she pleases including a child and not only is it not considered rape her victim may be punished for rape and adultery .
hmm seems like warthunder tank tactics are irl credible after all
try running slower and you will less likely to be out of breath and to require walking .
i just scrolled to what i think is damn near the bottom to find the mamba .
imo one of the best looking cars also has a great feel to it .
there is a slight problem in counting people out on the basis they would be otherwise unelectable because the final decision will be made by the tory membership who are certifiably crazy since 2016 .
they had a large amount of entryism from the brexit campaigns in order to get johnson into position and that could be vital here also .
i could see any of these winning but i would n't rule braverman out just because she 's a terrible candidate by any normal measure .
certainly people on the tory right seem to be lining up behind her and i would n't be that surprised if johnson endorses her .
if she hits my 600 pound life status i 'm out .
typical vegans having empathy for other living beings when bacon is clearly more important/s
hi sunlove this post was automatically removed due to not meeting one or more of our minimum posting karma or account age requirements .
please participate in already existing posts or ask your question in the weekly discussion thread https www.reddit.com/r/swagbucks/search ? q=flair 3a 22weekly 20discussion 22 restrict_sr=1 sort=new at the top of the subreddit .
this requirement is in place in order to force new people to check out our resources before asking questions .
contacting support account deactivation and gold survey bans are covered in the above link .
search the subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/swagbucks/search ? q=type_what_you_want_to_search_here restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=relevance t=all for your question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/swagbucks if you have any questions or concerns .
correct me if i 'm wrong but i do n't think the director writes the script
congrats on a major pickup and that 's a wonderful display .
next you will be telling the family has some sexual devaincy they want to keep very very quiet !
when i read this i could n't help but hear the elmer fudd voice going be vewy vewy quiet we 're f\*\*\*ing wabbits ! ''
nope someone started a post that said they did not want cast to participate in the sub and the comments were awful .
most cast no longer want to be on the sub after that coupled with constant attacks over even small stuff
weird to bring up black women 's bodies like that she did n't actually bully you in any way being called flat has no matter she should n't comment on your body but you opened the door by commenting on other people 's .
you very clearly hate fat ppl from the post just wanted the opportunity to insult fatness .
billie the talking cat always walk around with the tail going swish swish before she pushes her buttons for talking .
i think directcom used calix modems but you can check online with most providers if they would supply your connection .
usually just typing in your address and seeing what is available on their website .
or call your cable provider and ask if they do fiber for your address as well .
i soak mine in simple green for an hour or two while i do something else then use an old toothbrush to scrub it off in the sink .
just be sure to get all of it off before re-priming !
if so some merchants charge initially double specially if its overseas .
it happened to me several times the floating charge will be lifted by the merchant eventually return back to your cc within 10 days .
bro i 'm not here for your misdirected passive aggression .
just paid mine off too extra 2 k wohoo !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
it could be possible as long as they make changes too the existing photo mode
with ray tracing if you change the suit the reflection would be the new suit that you changed to since it 's in realtime to make it not do that the would probably give you the option in the photo mode other wise you can just use photoshop
seems excessive for a daily driver but if it sounds good to you it 's a good setup .
eels have long dorsal and caudill fins they are in the family anguilla .
i ca n't tell from your pic but if it does n't have fins it is not an eel
hell yeah i rolled a 69 and got one of my favorite powers in all of fictional media metamagic hope i have access to some basic magic for me to apply metamagic to .
tell us more about all the girls you get bro btw that was the worst analogy ever
that 's actually pretty cool showing her that black and white men are n't different at all and the assumption that all men from x race do something is very racist .
he 's just trying to advertise that it was none of his fault even he was unnecessarily aggressive for multiple turns .
i think george controlled the car pretty well he did n't crash .
a graça freitas se fosse boa profissional falava era nas sandes de leitão e deixava o pobre do bacalhau à braz descansado
you 're an actual fool if you think man made tests are objective measures of sentience something we ca n't even define fully yet .
i mean you do n't see the stupidity of that plan also was n't there some kind of time limit ?
how was that enforced what happens if supes had killed bats who was going to tell them not to kill martha ?
hello reginald its not tuesday so get the fuck out of here
then maybe you cyclists should quit pretending you 're cars and riding in the road next to a fucking bike lane .
i hate all of you and wish you were forced to obey half the traffic laws you break daily nearly causing wrecks every morning .
'i 'll just go to this protest and kill people who attack me entirely unprovoked this is my plan '
when you have assholes commenting on a tweet wishing the dude blows out his legs i 'd delete it too .
mcj is a comedy sub do n't go in expecting groundbreaking posts just turn off your brain and enjoy it for what it is https old.reddit.com/r/moviescirclejerk/comments/vvay5u/a_rmoviescirclejerk_user_going_17_seconds_without/ifjlkp3
this is cool and all but i would not tell anybody i 'm pooping unless that information was super relevant somehow ? ?
i 'm a shy pooper i ca n't do all that .
when i was taking it i just took half a tablet at bedtime .
thanks for all the answers i only ask because my town has a few bike times '' or events where they sort of just walk around and give out plaques to the best paint '' or shit like that .
it was just something him and his friend put together for fun .
i would just like to tell this story to someone .
i know tip should have been removed and it was .
which shows she entered it that i was cancelling .
you do things you want with less or no regard to the future .
they wanted to cheat but had a good logical reason not to until booze hit the brain .
a fisheye lens no manipulation needed you should be able to find one for your smartphone too if you do n't have a camera i doubt the image quality will be this good though .
10 out of 10 bro best outfit on the subreddit
your post was removed as it did not represent sufficient effort .
have at least 50 words of distinguishing info about the author hobbies musical tastes career aspirations etc .
this means that you need to write a minimum total of 100 words n
discussion about what chat platforms you prefer asking readers to check your post history and other 'post meta ' topics do n't count toward these requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
yes he is outmoded but he ai n't goin nowhere .
i 'm sorry but this is too stupid for me .
not trying to sound spoiled or anything but you clearly have no understanding for fair justice systems and it 's benefits .
maybe watch some documentary about finnland or generally how other countries do it better .
hmm i wonder why you 're good at platforming when you 've had experience doing way harder platforming in one of the hardest platformers out there
harlan was n't just someone viktor knew for a month .
just 3 days before harlan was a child one of few people who was kind to him and all viktor has left of sissy .
it makes sense and is logical for viktor to protect harlan and it is heartless of allison to kill him .
allison was acting like she was the only one who lost people and like no one was trying to fix it if it was n't solved right now .
viktor was treated terribly his entire life by being excluded by his family and the family seems to have learned nothing .
i have a bad bad habit of saying sorry alot .
ironically it just make dpeople around me more mad .
i wan na look for terrorsaur and the jp hammond collection .
we only have one target near us and we never go to that town anymore .
if this post fits the purpose of r/ssbbw upvote this comment !
if this post does not fit the subreddit downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules downvote this comment and report the post !
i 'd definitely contact them whatever means website contact us '' ?
i pick up garbage from campsites trails and my alley all the time .
i 'm not picking up dog shit fuck that .
is n't there enough land on either side of the runway ?
the same goes for the old parking lot behind mascoma bank that is now a beautiful grass fully fenced in area .
i 'd think there would n't be too much to maintain and insure .
the one in orange ma they do n't plow in the winter and there is also no water .
we do n't need the best '' dog park .
bad angel by dierks bentley feat miranda lambert jamey johnson
it helps more than a little thank you so much .
you 've gone so above and beyond i appreciate it so much and it 's made my day .
my partner and i are in awe of your thoughtfulness .
yes but an abortion has a 100 kill rate passing covid on to a few people does n't and getting vaccinated does n't prevent passing it on just ask me i 'm triple vaxxed in a basement with my wife and we both have had covid the past week .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=vw56t1 message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 5bpunk/power 20pop/big 20music 20song 5d 5blikely 2080s 5d 20song 20by 20band 20that 20sounds 20like 20the 20alarm 20with 20part 20that 20sounds 20like 20a 20horse 20with 20no 20name 27 20as 20solved 2e 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon 2e 0a 0a 0a 0amake 20sure 20the 20message 20subject 20says 20 27vw56t1 27 20before 20sending 2e 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled 2e if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
yep i had a past love life bond with an ex .
i ran the romantic bond after we went our separate ways however i was n't surprised when i saw we had that pattern together .
i 'm sorry but things change all the time in this industry .
it will be hard but i 'm going show first it 's what the album is based around and i 'd feel the songs will be more valued when you know what the emotions are for each song
wait but if it 's a binary tree how does the structure handle someone recruiting more than two others into the scheme ?
do they just add a placeholder node to split the descending hierarchy an extra time ?
there is no tipping at little caesar 's .in fact i have never once tipped them ever .
anyone else notice the new thor skins fully charged edit style not working in matches ?
i suppose it 's not a huge deal im glad to know it is n't an issue with the hardware
i 'd give it to konoha with the qualifier that we see a lot more of him playing than we do osamu and in a different context .
because of narrative focus being drawn to atsumu vs kageyama lowkey tsukki vs suna and hinata 's passing osamu is n't much of a focus .
his role is to hit the quick and be atsumu 's back up setter and we do n't see much else of him meanwhile konoha 's role is to prove fukurodani is still strong without bokuto .
so their plays are designed to look impressive to emphasise that .
you can defend yourself in canada self defense is permitted within reason .
you ca n't escalate the situation unnecessarily and you 're only allowed to use enough force to stop the threat but nothing more .
pepper spray is n't legal for self defense but if it saves your life you are n't likely to get charged with anything for using it .
i love it when my wife throws one of my jerseys on and puts a belt around her waist and wears it like a dress .
now that 's a good use for an oversized jersey .
☝️🤓 my wisdom is higher than the wizard of wisdom .
escuto metal de modo geral prefiro nem ir atraz do q os maluco fazem ou acreditam kkkk .
i wish i could field these calls for you from the bigmouths i 'd have a blast telling them off .
how are you getting emails from him if you 're nc ?
he just is freaking out because you withdrew a good supply of his life 's blood of energy .
if he had another good supply right now he would n't be bothering you so much because no one in particular matters to him but himself .
he can not love you because he loves no one .
do n't take it personally and do n't let yourself be flattered .
go on youtube and watch some of the people who talk about narcissists .
you start to pick up the pattern of what they all do .
watch until you see it 's just a worn-out game .
i just watched that episode in my second rewatch and honestly no clue lol
im going to leave you feeling like you took a fat shit
what does that have to do with maxing mpj .
booker also made it further as a first option than jokic ever has 😂
yes let me know if you are interested in any future games for this season .
yeah it was those two my character completely it is telling me to start fresh 100 .
it 's easier to find a new job when you have a job .
i would try and find a way to make the home situation work .
you need to have a meeting with your family and let them know that when you are working you are off limits unless it 's an emergency .
new accounts must be at least 30 days old and need a minimum of 100 comment karma before being allowed to post .
this is a bot and will not reply to messages .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feet if you have any questions or concerns .
most flooring installers told me to avoid engineered hardwood in a kitchen since it expands when wet .
maybe thats common sense for everyone but i certainly was unaware .
este e todos os outros vídeos do sub estão disponíveis no nosso canal do telegram https t.me/+wed-zkbvfzbkymux
este sub foi criado no contexto do auge da pandemia onde muitos de nós nos sentíamos sós e isolados desde então temos uma comunidade https t.me/+cb5c-kfwvnkxyjax no telegram para conversar estudar jogar e fazer amizades .
do n't let me you but can i help you with your journey to happiness
it 's why she 's so emotionally drained all the time .
at least some of us guys have the right idea https trends.google.com/trends/explore ? q=vasectomy geo=us .
ha jokes on you it 's 10,000 pineapple tidbits in a trench coat
it will let me start a line but wo n't let me add stops to the line .
trying to click the green stations but the stop wo n't keep for some reason
maybe if you do n't want your kids to be at a drag show do n't take them there
i feel like men are taught or conditioned to never show or talk about how they feel.. they just have to be tough and be a manly man .
but honestly i think one of the toughest manliest things you can do is talk to me about your real feelings and open up .
to fight against the vulnerability a guy probably feels when he opens up and the level of trust he shows when he does it.. that 's pretty manly imo .
espn are the connecticut chucklefuck who switches sides midgame 'cause he thinks this rivalry makes the yankees and red sox special friends
looked like they intentionally hit one the suv instead of the grass tree
working for a star architect looks good to other star architects .
star architects are the best our industry can produce towards pushing the boundaries of architectural design and theory .
i mean you can serve just about anything however you want .
but in my opinion an americano should be in a collins glass or even a wine goblet with plenty of sparkling water .
but regardless of that campari is an italian bittersweet liqueur it does n't have an overwhelming alcohol taste like vodka or high-proof bourbon .
it has a lot of sugar and a lot of bittering and other flavoring agents .
campari tastes like campari not ethanol aka ethyl alcohol .
and of course sweet vermouth being an aromatized wine has even less of an alcohol taste .
and regardless of precisely what op meant any cocktail built with lower-abv liqueurs and fortified or aromatized wines as opposed to higher-abv full-proof spirits is going to be lower alcohol and possibly higher overall volume .
that 's what i think op was getting at and i think the americano is a good format to play with .
today was 109 yesterday was 108 and tomorrow is supposed to be the same .
even in the summer months of previous years i 've never had to water my aloe this much .
it depends on what i am thinking or how i am feeling and also when i dream i dream in one or other language without mixing them .
i do n't know how our brains do that but they do it and it works .
i 'd wish you a good day but i would n't mean it lol
oddly enough it can differ in texture on different body parts as well .
my leg hair below the knee is super coarse while the hair above my knee tends to be more silky '' and it 's blonde while below the knee the hair is black .
totally unsure why that happens but i hardly ever bother to shave my thighs because the hair is so much less noticeable but even when i do it grows back in soft .
if we even live long enough to see one piece end
make sure you update your apn to the cricket network .
but only if i had the apn set properly .
i 'm not sure if i can post links .
i always find it funny when people say this because if they really thought about it they 'd realize the cost of their food would go up a lot
i can do it if you want argentinian spanish is my native language .
now he might get a top 4 opponent in the quarters instead of semis so we might see him against nadal in the quarters again which really sucks .
they did not know it was a knot until they cut him out .
as my labor progressed my contractions got stronger two mins apart he had dropped into his station the fetal heart monitors registered a significant spike north of 200 south of 70 every time i contracted .
this lasted maybe 10 minutes ... my ob gyn is the best of the best .
published books teaches at a major medical school etc i trust him wholeheartedly .
he 's pro holistic unmedicated until it interferes with health safety of mom baby .
he felt like something was gravely wrong did n't want to risk it .
he did n't know what was wrong just that something was wrong .
anesthesia was there within 2 mins i had a port in my back so quick .
no lie the whole process took maybe 15 minutes .
4 nicu nurses were already in the room when they brought me in .
just so glad they did n't have to knock me totally out .
then when the doc pulled him out he had a loose knot .
he was spiking in heart rate dropping because the knot was tightened with the contractions drop then it would get slack again .
it would have tightened completely if i 'd had a vaginal birth .
my doc said he 's seen 4 in his whole career all while he was a resident never under his direct care .
2 stillbirths one brain damage then my perfect healthy baby .
it 's not lost on me what a miracle he is .
i 've never been more thankful for modern medicine .
optic once again ape a non mp team to let rig/dz win lmao
when you wan na join but everyone else is joining and you start overthinking
u ca n't give up something for 9 months but expect to put urself second while raising a kid ?
u sound like a guy who will light up a cig and blow smoke infront of ur kid cause uve always smoked ... .
i 'm sold on the rinse less wash stuff .
the dilemma is whether to use the ultra black sponge/big red sponge or use something like gary dean 's wash method contaminated wash media never returns to my bucket .
will the ultra black sponge/big red sponge scratch my car 's paint ? ? ?
is it worth going the extra mile of never contaminating the bucket ?
now if you said remove ritz barlton we 'd have an agreement
ay do n't lump minnesota in with the rest of these wackos
and it would last for hours but i still felt a hell of a lot better .
going with a similar theme how about a bubbling or overflowing goblet ?
a guy was arrested in an airport for a sign with the name zamir .
uh yeah what a dumbass he should have let him burn .
yeah saw a thread with various ways to run the app as admin but it 's still not working .
i wonder how enron did it ... i wonder how the oil companies kept internal research about the global consequences of their company 's product quiet research that was internally shared hundreds of times and collaborated on between multiple multinationals .
how did vw get away with their grift for so long ?
if this app comes out on apple i will use it .
it takes me a long time to decide which fragrance to pick depending on what i am doing wearing .
and it actually echoes an early jj abram 's script which opened with a star destroyer being towed to jakku and deliberately crashed .
in any event i like the fan-film addition but think there needs to be a little more to help connect the dots .
i 'd add a clip of the crash from battlefront and then maybe a wide establishing shot of the crashed ship with a caption ... . '' 29 years later '' before rey appears .
that also helps establish where we are in the timeline .
although we see the ship when rey leaves so maybe that 's enough .
ps it would also make more sense later if rey not finn referenced han as the rebellion general since she 's more likely to have learned about he battle of jakku .
aziraphale and crowley are about as close to romantic asexuals as two higher beings can get with a human understanding .
neil gaiman has said repeatedly that good omens is a love story but has only really refrained from calling them asexual on the fact that they 're not people and do n't follow people rules .
i 've always had a gas stove so cooking is never a problem .
i live in a rural area where the electricity always goes off during heavy weather so candles rechargeable lights etc have always been lying around .
does n't matter if we do n't have internet/tv for a few hours conversation or some star gazing much better in any case .
i 'm glad to hear i hope you and your girls have an amazing time painting for the emperor !
do n't the vegetables go in between the meat slices ?
i 'd recommend to save for the download celebration .
odds are that the units will either be better than or on par with the anniversary units .
not to mention that those units only come once a year .
so if you do n't get either of them then you 're gon na need to wait like 11 months for them to come back .
tennis basketball rugby cricket volleyball and even hockey are played on foot .
info is this typical behaviour from mark cutting across you or violet 's wishes ?
or something that 's developed since her diagnosis/treatment began ?
with my voice i could easily front a weezer cover band but i kinda want to branch outside of that lol
i sorta like my steady 8 a min but if it 's something super annoying anal way kinky names anything not super easy that price is jumping higher higher than 8 a min of course but these guys are just ... a lot they come at you acting like they are ready to buy then right when you send them your prices they like shit their pants and run away and realize they have 5 in the bank account and have no clue why they even asked you in the first place it 's not us it is them i promise you but at least there is the good chunk of men that actually buy !
as a missouri resident i 'll be deep in the cold cold ground before i recognize the legitimacy of missourah
there are fucked up thoughts and then there are psychotic thoughts .
sexual attraction to children or animals come under the latter .
then going through with it and wanking off your dog is something else .
idk what point you are making with the last paragraph porn is one thing but animal porn and child porn is n't something anyone should be watching and someone doing so should seek help .
i 'm not sure you have any idea what mindless '' means .
the show is very literally an exploration of human ish violence the disconnect between the fact that we consume violent media yes like westworld but that few of us have any actual penchant for committing it ourselves .
does our consumption of violent media point at some subconscious desire to actualize real violence ?
what would it look like if we built a scenario that enabled it ?
what kind of people would take advantage of that kind of opportunity and why ?
philosophically is that kind of violence against supposed non-human in some morally relevant way hosts morally inert ?
what are the moral ramifications of that kind of violence if it turns out we 're wrong about the nature of the victims or indeed the nature of what makes violence wrong in the first place ?
more importantly is violence only morally wrong because of the hard done to its targets or might it also be wrong because of how it slowly corrupts the person who inflicts it ?
put simply the violence in westworld is the point and it 's almost always in service of the show 's greater philosophical themes the literal polar opposite of it being mindless '' .
hes such an integral part of the team i 'd hate to lose a perennial all-star like him !
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
the fan gets turned on when the ac is switched on .
also the center part of the ac compressor rotates all the time too as soon as the engine is on .
then she much to my surprise came after me .
do n't settle people it ai n't worth it .
i ca n't sew myself out of a bag but a friend sent me this video for doing this yourself and it looks approachable ?
but have done another 30 for luke and nothing yet 😅
i always believe china 's existing resources can not support 1.4b people .
therefore they have to import resources to support the more growing demand .
when mao took over china there are about 400m chinese .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
the death of an unbeatable beast just happened why have another beast of the same caliber die off for plot progression ?
but by god pun intended if your dad died protecting the universe you should put some respect on the proper viking name he gave you !
you have my permission to use 'chuffed ' ... new zealanders often suffer worse descriptions of our version of english .
to be fair there was an attempt on tryna manage drug usage via consumption rooms where people could take them safely and under supervision .
but non-addicts who lived in the area were raging and reported them enough so they got shut down if i remember correctly .
this is a friendly reminder to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules .
memes social media hate-speech and pornography are not allowed .
screenshots of reddit are expressly forbidden as are tiktok videos .
comics may only be posted on wednesdays and sundays https www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/uq9pjw/going_forward_comics_may_only_be_posted_on .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funny if you have any questions or concerns .
theres also a shitton of vatniks left over from when russia occupied said countries your point ?
yes usually being historically oppressed by a country will lead to more distaste for said country framing it as if its an issue of the eastern european nations erases the actual cause for said hatred .
yea calling all russians inherently evil is stupid but its not exactly an image russia didnt have a hand in creating .
es ist besser geworden man kann es wieder spielen ps4 bei mir .
vorher waren die spielerzahlen an guten tagen bei 5000-7000 spielern .
so this is gon na sound nerdy and will likely be dismissed by some but about 10-15 years ago i would play airsoft almost weekly for years .
i also owned a store for a while and played with all the different high end guns and gear that i could get my hands on .
despite carrying plastic bbs instead of heavy ammo i can say that combat with gear is considerably more taxing than without .
your mobility is shit and you easily overheat with all the kit .
near the end of my time playing i found that that either a minimalist chest rig or an old chinese magazine sling bag was my go-to load out .
for anyone who has n't tried combat sports like airsoft i recommend it because even though you watch the bbs leave the barrel and you do n't have the range or the accuracy chasing and defending against humans is way different than shooting targets .
i think you will find that spending more money is dangerous socialism and will bankrupt the country because the economy works just like household debt
can you please share with me some valid youtube resources ?
part of me wants to register for cfa in november if i end up not applying for a masters that start in january .
i think starting on the cfa is the better option as well .
i normally looooove glow recipe everything specially love the watermelon line ! !
so i had high hopes for the sunscreen but it was just ... not great .
sting my eyes so bad and left white cast .
i imagine this is probably true only it 's an inside thought and no player would actually say it out loud .
i think life circumstance plays a much bigger role in determining who gets the money than most online fans tend to realize .
i remember the worlds apart jurors telling me they wanted to give the money to dan or will over rodney because they were both married and both raising a family .
and that was a really big factor for them .
and i 've heard other players say that over the years as well .
an 18 or 19 year old is always going to be facing an uphill battle because they really have n't lived very much life yet .
that does n't explain why you like vomit acid in your chocolate .
all the players are playing as audience members they do n't act .
i need to ask them every time what do want to do other wise nobody moves and dead silence falls .
seems to me that rule should be on all .
the movie made it sound like he lost everything .
outside of essex there is a world event where someone is trying to stop some musicians from playing their music and once you complete it if you light all the torches in the structure then the musician will star singing a song and calling you a fire starter .
it 's an easter egg also because the singer is actually a lead singer for a real world band named the prodigy .
if it has not appeared immediately it requires moderator approval it 's got to be released from reddit spam prison .
this should n't take very long at all and we hope it will never be longer than 90 minutes but we ca n't be around 24 hours a day .
the community rules https www.reddit.com/r/gayskype/about/rules are often updated and you should check them periodically .
members found to be posting against these rules or the reddit content policy https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy section_prohibited_behavior may face an immediate and permanent ban and/or reporting to reddit admin .
thank you for helping us keeping this sub up and running happy gayskyping !
younger 18-21 smooth and slim or older 50 chubby people add me destin.straat
younger 18-21 smooth and slim or older 50 chubby people add me destin.straat
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayskype if you have any questions or concerns .
the zuch took 5 weeks to get this big i guess
a lot of people have suggested the 5 mins a day method instead of long practice sessions .
if i keep it short and sweet it usually means i do several of these a day which totals up to a good amount of practice time per day .
i meant that you can do it with hacks which is what they did
omg that did it thank you so much ! ! !
oh that 's weird i thought you 'd just linked me one of my own videos
i got banned for not vouching for someone who made an error and bricked my item .
it 's not nearly enough revenue to keep most mls teams in the black hence my hemorrhaging cash '' and years aways '' from big tv money comments .
probably just some generic xianxia overpowered harem gay beta moral trash infinite realms big dick no balls forced sex racist novel probably its author is trash you know ... just another man dulioning that he 's a young master .
you just have to wait and put some pressure on your supplier to get you tracking asap so you can pass it on to shopify and unlock your funds .
this is business the drop shipping youtubers never talk about this part but cash flow is generally the bane of any business .
drop shipping is a lot easier on cash flow because you do n't have to buy inventory before but since you 're new you 're in a bit of a cash flow crunch .
ultimately though you 're fine as long as you can fund the orders or have already paid for them .
you just got very lucky and went viral and made some money stop thinking about the worst case scenarios .
you did n't lose 3k you made 2k or whatever your profit margin is you just have to handle the current situation before you actually receive your payment .
you 're also probably going to continue getting orders from the video so figure out how you 're going to fund things in the meantime .
as long as your supplier is reputable you should be excited not concerned .
i read an article on reddit not that long ago where scientists did a study on how walking improves problem solving .
you need to keep an eye on any work being done and should hire a separate project manager if you 're uncomfortable with watching or your knowledge .
lay it out for me how forcing another country 's people to live in terrible conditions while occupying their land does n't qualify as a form of apartheid ?
tell us all how isreal is treating the palestinian people perfectly fine .
i think i know what you 're talking about i 'm trying to find it rn it was exactly like age of war but had different characters some characters were religious like .
it was on flonga.com last time i played it years ago .
that 's too tight to be anything in real life here .
i was supposed to be at this spot this week but my flight got cancelled and messed up my whole trip
it is a waste of time to call them for 10 minutes for half pay .
i only did it again tonight as it would have been about 7 for the both of them .
plus i was driving to be closer to a spot where i could perhaps get another order .
where i was is not a good area to be offered much normally .
the thing is they have changed the app or store closed button as it used to work right .
3 times in the last week the button has not worked the way it used to and i get no half pay for wasting my time or gas to get there .
if it happens again i will have to evaluate if it 's worthwhile to call them or just cancel it myself .
for three or four dollars it 's really not worth to call them .
but it is a huge waste of time and it 's even more time invested when you have to call them .
first seen here https redd.it/u6b1lj on 2022-04-18 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' vwain8 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=vwain8 samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
the abundance of southern california 's naturally available foods was sufficient as far as archaeologists can tell and according to ethnographic evidence
we do n't see any maize or beans in the island diets typically indicating farmed foods
which is all the more incredible that they developed specialized economies and currency
moreso i specifically studied their diets and trade networks and never saw evidence of agriculture
even better he 'll get one or two extra buckets a game slashing off ball with sabonis operating the high post .
it 's something he has n't gotten to do much in his career but immediately started doing when sabonis came over
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i fell like there should be some nurglings enjoying their bath !
r/bimboficationjourney watch the progression of normal women into bimbo fuckdolls
r/bimboficationseekers a place for bimbos and aspiring bimbos to match with bimbo trainers sugar daddies and other like-minded people
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gstrings if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll never understand how or why some people have to torment and abuse defenseless creatures a fraction of their size .
call the aspca or whatever your equivalent is if you 're in another country
i got diagnosed when i was around 6 or 7 years old .
symptoms include inattentiveness hyperactivity fidgeting impulsivity irritability lack of restraint and the repeating of words .
i never knew staring off into space and just thinking about nothing was necessarily an adhd thing to do .
yeah i 've been thinking more and more about it lately ngl .
just dreading remaking all the playlists and what not .
if warlock commits his spells offensively you get jumped .
if warlock 4 was a thing it would be popping off by good players right now .
you offer no rotation no tower defence no push no pressure .
warlock 4 might only be viable if you 're trilaning for some reason but then again trilaning in this meta is signaling your core to go fuck themselves .
mainly used archers and barbs but had some cases where i used giants and super wizards .
i mean personally i would n't but i 'm just a guy on the internet .
depends on your relationship with the particular advisor and you 'd know better than anyone else what kind of help they 're offering you .
my main hesitation would be bank advisors have a tendency to push products offered via the bank whether or not that 's actually the best thing for you .
first and foremost they are salespeople that work for the bank .
their actual experience/abilities with slightly more advanced topics like creating a retirement plan with an eye towards tax efficiency might be beyond them .
did you not read the last paragraph or are you arguing in bad faith ?
sorry to hear that about your ex definitely been there before but love a good whiskey what are you drinking ?
he can rip electric for sure but there are several other players as good or better than him in the dead/jam scene who might just be all around better as a jerry figure in a band imo .
on acoustic i think he probably takes the cake these days but his electric playing that i 've heard honestly has n't blown me away or anything .
same here i use a name now but i think it sounds too old for me .
yep nz is in the rare position that the first waves did not kill off most of the vulnerable so those people are still alive and kicking .
get to see now how effective the vaccinations are in this case .
did you mean the queen of the united kingdom https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_of_the_united_kingdom the queen of canada https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monarchy_of_canada the queen of australia https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monarchy_of_australia etc ?
the last queen of england was queen anne https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anne queen_of_great_britain who with the 1707 acts of union dissolved the title of king/queen of england .
is n't she still also the queen of england ?
this is only as correct as calling her the queen of london or queen of hull she is the queen of the place that these places are in but the title does n't exist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
i do n't believe the family sided with the pregnant sister over the grieving one over a t-shirt .
all of this beggars the imagination and seems to have common outrageous thenss
i think what people overlook with columbus in regards to their rebuild is that werenski and laine just turned 25 and 24 .
they could be very good vets for the group that is coming up right now when it 's hitting its prime .
if they also move voracek nyquist and bjorkstrand for some more draft capital over the next couple years they 're gon na be set for young replacement players for a very long time too .
i 'm saying this not because he 's a bad person but because he 's a terrible singer that has somehow found mainstream success in australia .
his vocals and weak shaky and often out of tune .
i think he 's marketed as this being raw and real but fuck it 's horrible to listen to on the radio .
they 're not asking about when the seasons are just over they 're asking about when they 're vaulted .
at that point those vendors and activities wo n't be around anymore .
jeez i did n't know that i only knew that the violence was escalating .
where i 'm at they had such low attendance for midweek meetings that the circuit overseer said to do only zoom for midweek .
it got as low as 13 people in person and 60 on zoom .
as others have said it 's just natural to choose the easier option if you give it to them .
meetings are also just incredibly boring even for a lot of pimi members .
it 's literally just the same five topics repeated over and over again throughout the months .
so i think people would rather just have it on in the background and do other stuff or play on their phone until it 's over .
the green dbs broly is super good he does mad damage and has half cost special moves
op sent the following text as an explanation on why this is unexpected
is this an unexpected post with a fitting description ?
look at my source code on github https github.com/artraxon/unexbot what is this for ?
we can be friends but you can stay anonymous i do n't care .
just want more people to talk to and relate to .
as i mentioned in my previous answer we are taking a good look at the relevant legislation to try and make the best decisions in order to make the best legislation that benefits our students .
having severe acne just destroys your confidence can really make your life miserable .
my first round of accutane gave me all of the usual side effects triggered mild alopecia meaning that one of my eyebrows fell out completely for an entire year .
yet i 'm just about to go on a second course next month since my acne is returning because it 's just so worth it when i consider how miserable i was carpeted with pimples .
i 'm sorry that you had to deal with something like that too .
i do n't have chat open but my direct private messages are .
certain words flag automod like contract pay paid guaranteed hours etc .
in a pinch/rush you can remove a buzzword like that and automod will push it thru .
but typically we get reply/act on modmail that day i really do n't know what 's happening with yours in particular .
that 's odd but we 'll definitely work on it !
nomura confirmed this because he mentioned that ec will have a chapter about first soldier and young sephiroth .
this will not be the console like ff7 remake you think it is it 's just a weapon gacha game where you play some story stages events dailies and roll for premium gear that gives you stats and costumes .
would have to be a company like yen press .
still holding out hope for a kyoko 's house translation .
that being said some stuff is getting translated which is good .
life for sale recently got one if i remember correctly .
the best thing you can do is buy translated works so more are done for this type of thing .
yes a place full of crime and violence both of them
you can hide easily a tank in the wide open '' or slightly peaking a ridge in realistic until you shoot .
arcade you go into binos and pan the horizon and you can spot them very easily.. realistic you have to identify if it is a target a bush or a dead tank while arcade will just say yup that right there is a target ''
light tanks lose one of there important features which is speed .
you get perhaps 10+15 seconds advantage getting in a light tank in a city map compared to a medium and some heavy tanks.. in arcade
in realistic you have much larger advantages to lever while using light tanks which italy mostly uses at that battle rating heavy tanks now take much longer to get in the battlefield aswell as mediums but not to a huge degree of difference between arcade and realistic due to speed limitations you will be able to shoot weak spots better due to not everyone having artificial horsepower/torque values making wiggling bounces way less often you can directly spot and change the battlefields by spotting while in arcade its line of sight anyone can pretty much see them..
losi spotting is like 400m and losd is like 560m that is pretty much the entire map once out of spawn in most cases unless you get huge maps ... . but then you would just go into binos and then 3x everything so you would n't have much of an issue .
there is disadvantages to playing arcade when you want to get good at war thunder and those disadvantages hinder his performance to play good
realistic would be way better for him anyway at the br he is at he is close to the point that arcade matches take minutes to get into one and uptiers will be more and more of a nightmare in arcade .
i purposely play arcade once a week for about 10-15 matches just to make sure i 'm not just a boomer talking about old information .
i hate it with a burning passion for permanent arcade players players in general saying how good arcade is..
it strips most any logical thinking of the battlefield ...
you lose all your advantages for the great arcade '' ..
this does n't show at all that i said he was on radar 24/7..
even by the context above it does n't state that .
you lose the advantage of being light due to markers people having way better horsepower so your speed means shit hiding in trees bushes or behind a ridgeline is n't possible as good as realisitc so hiding means shit nothing and everything is fast and has your advantage which is to get up and go fast .
you lose all your advantages for your great arcade '' .
its almost if i said this already and someone wanted to continue on fighting over nothing ... idk..
kevin will pee in the asses of anyone he sees being a cunt .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i could never take care of someone else 's children .
there is a religion cult that takes care of females to a huge degree funnily enough very reasonable .
they have many points to make sense in there ways but there only rule ca n't marry a woman who already has children only strict rule
also next time do n't mention you 're going to do a review and do so anonymously .
no way this dude is a tech executive at 25 .
i have a better chance of dating rachel than him being that
i 'll post some picture of finished products of this vehicle give you a little inspiration for ... something maybe just look at nice attractive photos ?
can someone hit him in bp so he gets fired up ?
overheated or you did n't use the proper mix of fuel and ruined your piston and rings .
found in nz council bark seems to be the best group for subs and liberty here but yes i 'm not 100 percent sure yeeet
i 've definitely listened to wonderland thinking about a girl i liked but could n't be with .
i dedicated that song to a girl without claiming it was originally written about a girl .
the difference between speculating about her sexual orientation and men she 's dated is that she 's said she 's not a part of the lgbtq community .
we know from her own mouth she 's not bi or gay .
i 'm not saying speculating about any aspect of her dating life is okay but speculating about her sexual orientation is definitely worse .
also thor jane kicked ass and i wish we could see more of her .
i think kyle and michael could be a legit final 2 because both probably look at each other as two of the only sane people in the house especially given how hectic today has been so far .
both want to work with level headed people especially with paloma being paloma .
i think they could both do some massive damage together .
but if you think it 's better to have faith in god than to become a believer that would be a good point .
things that are or contain either open source or medical devices .
anything i found comparing the 3.5 to the 4.5 essentially said the 4.5s were just slightly upgraded 3.5s .
i feel a bit more comfortable thinking of the 4.5 wireless models as a fallback depending on on what the other replies suggest .
op please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post .
commenters please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed .
if you see anyone breaking the rules please report the post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/strangerthings if you have any questions or concerns .
my patient just died i might make a tiktok or two
actually just checked your stats again and you need to add 77 prayer and rigour to the top of your priority list before max house .
it makes both zulrah and vorkath much more efficient to do .
you should be have a good block list for duradel .
slayer is also the best way to raise your magic .
what 's your current block list and how important for you is pet hunting ?
canada 's good as countries go but too far north for me from sept-may .
i 'm not handy at all so if you are it wo n't take nearly that long .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=sjajsjjsjsjjejd .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
personally i am the same as op i ca n't stand calls and zooms .
i 'm an introvert and find it stressful but i also find it disorganised i like to keep every request and change in writing over email so that everyone is on the same page and has something to refer back to .
this is a personal preference and certainly wo n't affect someone 's freelance career if they do n't want to do zoom calls 😂 keep doing it how you prefer !
the server gets updated at that rate with information from your game .
multiple things can happen in between ticks that are all sent as packets at the tick rate .
does n't effect your gameplay in that way if there is n't lag .
it 's easier on console because 60fps has a one 60th of a second window to do it where as 240fps has 1/240 of a second .
thanks man realized after i posted those stats were only one game lol but gg .
this hawks squad is so bad if the lines 75 i 'm probably gon na bet the team total under next game vs the heat
oftentimes threads like this prompt users to ask how visually impaired people use reddit .
r/blind has an faq here https www.reddit.com/r/blind/wiki/faq/sighted wiki_q.3a_how_do_blind_people_use_computers.3f that answers this question .
as with any other thread please be respectful to other users and note that ableism is not tolerated in r/askreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i figured i could just wear a hijab and be covert about my license and people as simple as they can be would just not give me grief and let me work .
i think that that simple trick would be enough for them to see me as the same as them that they 'd give me almost no hassle .
the immigrants were chinese hijab wearing at times african and latin .
it 's not about the religion per say its just to give them the idea that i 'm not a threat .
these two special cases have zero clue how to navigate in your world i genuinely pity the anxiety they must feel whenever circumstances require them to act with autonomy .
bah gawd that man had a family size pizza waiting for him in the back !
i loved driving past the glass house mountains while studying at sunshine coast
i hope someone cosplays this shit at a bullshit con just so i can laugh at their suffering 8 hours laters .
no they usually hate others because they 've been mistreated .
do your cook with methylamine for that sweet sweet blue
0 of your last 25 comments c submissions s have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
just do n't let yourself get too attached to any one person though ...
well you wo n't overdose on k. i had someone trick me like this at a festival years ago .
tlj was the first movie ever where i was pissed after leaving the cinema .
of course but this really better than hookers though ?
i would have used walls instead of full blocks for the chimney
a quick wipe of water a couple times in a row can reduce body temperature by alot .
do n't do it too much you 'll catch a cold .
odf is the most captured and incompetent collection of idiotic goons ever particularly when it comes to figuring out what 's best for the environment .
honestly the concept of this kind of reminds me of the light novel/anime mushoku tensei .
it follows an isekai story where the protagonist starts out treating his new life and the people around him as if the world is fictional and the people are side characters/sex objects soon learning that this world and the people in it are indeed very very real and eventually using this second life as an opportunity to change and grow a second chance after he spent his first life as a shut-in neet .
uj actually more importantly why is this post in gcj
lol yeah they basically just shipped a whole edeka and called it a day 😂
which results in pretty good german representation it seems 🤷‍♂️
uber paid high-profile academics in europe and the us hundreds of thousands of dollars to produce reports that could be used as part of the company 's lobbying campaign .
lucrative deals with several leading academics who were paid to publish research on the benefits of its economic model .
the reports were commissioned as uber wrestled with regulators in key cities around the world .
uber targeted academics and thinktanks to help it construct a positive narrative namely that it created well-paid jobs that drivers liked delivered cheap transport to consumers and boosted productivity .
moschino toy boy is my most recent purchase and probably casamoratti mefisto or mefisto gentluomo is my next .
i want revhan sooo god damn bad since day one but i do n't get this mother jumper like fr .
every banner with him i get a big fuk but bojack i get every time.. guess what since day one 14 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️ fml
would they bother trying to help lift norf if they are just going to be replaced anyway tho ? .
just from what i 've read and not being in your country i 'd say you 'd have to be on t before a diagnosis seems like it 's easier for a treatment so take it while you will and get in the process of a diagnosis .
this sounds a little like my country still trying to get a diagnosis and t early stages of that .
so i do not know what the people are like .
though the people that are in that care system sound very ... tucute like not saying all of them but the ones you mentioned .
if they 're more in tucute beliefs then t first then diagnosis .
wait this is a 10,000 summer camp and the kids do n't even get taken for the entire day ?
i went to normal day camp as a child in the summer and we were there from like morning till like at least like 5:00 p.m ... .
if you think nyc is bad on single use plastics wait till you see the rest of the us .
if you try to punch her as lando it 'll play a unique animation of him kissing her hand .
it 's about managing risk though we can hit those same adrenaline highs with reduced but still large risk .
when we skydive we have reserves and we jump in a controlled environment .
likewise when we want to go silly fast on motorcycle we can do it on track wearing gear and with an ambulance on stand by .
how have i missed this seen ? ? ? ?
oh sorry i dont think he was doing a pukana was just a joke lol .
but yeah a pukana is the facial move youll see during the haka
i currently have propane grill but always thought about switching to a griddle
i hate to break this news to you but he would try to befriend the dragon .
the point of his reply flew right over your head
tom cruise is the figure head of a horrible cult that preys on vulnerable people falsy imprisons youths forced labour has no credibility as a suposed charity
maybe go read about how his former wives feel about him or how he used the cult to abduct and vanish his kids .
guessing randomly with nothing backing up is not a prediction .
it 's not throwing a dart blindfolded towards a target it 's airdropping a dart into the state of wyoming and hope it hit something that 's not ground .
if i dare ask where 's your argument when all you did was dropped a sentence out of nowhere ?
for the last part ... i guess i had mistaken your downvote me huh you people never learn attitude as a cry of feeling so .
because that small sentence was a tiny part of a large comprehensive post ?
and yes building cycling infrastructure for small trips has a greater positive impact than an equivalent amount of money spent on ev subsidies .
that 's because people are stupid and do n't realize that the cost of that health care is actually coming out of their paycheck anyways .
in my magical reality he was one of the cool ncos .
zato jer je omjer debila koji će ponoviti istu foru milijun puta zbog par virtualnih bodova i omjer debila koji će ju svaki put upvoteati 1:1 .
mene više fascinira kako ljudima nije neugodno biti toliko neoriginalan .
i want to know if it 's just about the standard villains or if it includes op stuff like the darkest knight symbiote god venom emperor joker or batmite .
yah i just moved out as soon as i got my money back .
did you recieve an email from tenancy that your bond has been lodged ?
what you can do is you can always email the tenancy about this and enquire .
you can get back at your landlord with this one if theyre not following the legal process for lodging bonds .
unfortunately your submission was removed for breaching our rules refresh your inbox and re-read the rules if you ca n't see why .
you have three hours to re-submit a corrected version before this becomes your one post for this week .
if you experience difficulty re-posting do not contact the moderators without quoting or linking the error message received from the site .
replies to this automated message will not be seen .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
nice like some said too many sharp corners but a good loop .
i always try to have an outer loop and an inner loop connected to each other at 2 or 3 points for easy transfer .
this will encourage citizens to use the metro more as they do n't have to walk too much to reach a station .
busses trams and monorails are great alternatives in low-density areas and i always ensure they connect to at least one metro station .
she knew she was never gon na pick greg so why the whole show ?
oh thats what i meant i add r hyena i think thats fair for 0.05 value but i can also do fr skele rex for 0.05 value
if diversity and open-mindedness are important stay out of oklahoma .
2021 researching real-world problems a guide to methods of inquiry .
i 've looked for it everywhere and ca n't seem to find any addition .
i still use hard drives as well so do n't feel bad lol .
you can install 1 hard drive on top of the case .
where do you draw the line between snake oil and overpriced ?
i 'm in new hampshire in the us and the cruelty in this world is too much for me .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
or he has a massive target on him and fighters have many more fights of izzy to study now to try and neutralize his strengths and such
corporations are paying for their name on some signage tickets etc and for broadcast announcers to say the stadium name a few times during a games .
but the fans still decide what we actually call it when it comes to everyday conversation .
pretty sure a certain of broncos fans do n't either .
to them and everyone else it 's still just mile high .
no point in people getting worked up about it .
cypriots are n't greek imo but anyway here you go .
wait wait wait ... .they made that much money in a single day from north america alone ? !
thanks for taking the time to submit this request .
unfortunately we have decided not to approve your request at this time .
there are other reasons beyond moderator activity that we take into consideration when reviewing these requests that are at admin discretion .
some of these reasons can include but are not limited to
not enough moderator experience for a large and active subreddit
not modding current subs that you 're already a moderator of
on the mod team of an excessive number of subreddits
excessive subreddit bans and violation of reddit policies including copyright infringement takedowns
we appreciate you taking the time to request this sub .
complaining that daily ops are too hard to do .
will we keep perks already unlocked on killers/survivors and in the bloodweb ?
if it helps my husband and i smoked for many years and converted to vaping a few years ago .
i 'm almost 21 weeks pregnant with our first child and so far we 've had nothing but positive news about her health .
we vaped right up until we found out i was pregnant and he quit before i did midwife suggested coming off it slowly to stop the extra stress to my body and everything is great !
obviously only a half answer since she is n't born yet but i hope it eases your mind a little !
one thing i do n't really understand is why is he always filming himself doing just mundane things ? .
the new scheme is to make a few of the promo shitters make up 99 of the promo card hits that people get .
it 's small but i like the avondale estates farmers market https avondaleestatesfarmersmarket.org
op got a ticket for having a flat ass and now they mad
so with the stock split options are going to be cheaper now too right ?
do you think a lot of people will now be able to afford options and thus drive up the price ?
all of those army superiors would know that e-leave is for immediate family emergencies usually a death .
the other fighters kept evolving oliva stayed the same basically .
all he is busy with rn is keeping his strength and muscles he is not evolving it .
characters like katsumi are a prime example of progressing .
he had a mach punch then he had his sonic whip whatever move for pickle that destroyed his arm as of the sumo arc he seems to handle it much better not absolutely busting is arm .
and imo it would be extreme diff unsure who takes it .
to discard abortion altogether because only a minority are resultant from a tragic situation is cruel .
and to use well some women lie as a reason to doubt every rape victim is deranged .
medicine deals with small percentages and views them differently from the general public .
for example 1 of newborns having a heart condition is not rare at all .
and 2 of pregnancies being ectopic is a lot .
both of those situations means an average obstetrician is going to see at least a couple of cases every week or more .
also when the guy carried the little kid with headphones through the crowd
the zlx 15p would be my recommendation as some venues do n't allow subs and 12s on their own do n't have enough boom .
the qscs are great because they have a mixer built in which can save you a lot of hassle if you suddenly need an extra input or want to run a phone mic for ceremony without an entire second setup .
the only rcfs i would buy are the d line or art 9 series .
the tt series are too too expensive for wedding roi .
yamaha dxr 15 would be the first choice for weddings as they have better cheaper covers good mixers and great warranties and are n't the most expensive .
it probably would n't satisfy the latter because the hypercar regulations do n't reward teams for developing faster cars .
you have to adhere to the aco 's downforce-to-drag limit and if you develop a significantly faster car than your competitors you 'll just get boped back to parity .
it 's great for increasing the visual diversity of the cars which is a good thing but if i had to choose between the two i 'd rather have the teams working flat-out to develop their cars for performance .
the peugeot and the various lmdhs look great but i ca n't forget that if aero performance was n't capped all of those cars would look very different .
do n't get me wrong though after four years of two-car toyota parades i get why bop is necessary in wec and i 'm excited for the new era of endurance racing .
but since f1 's grids are full and healthy i 'd like to see technical competition remain in the sport to the extent possible .
the thought of women being taken in that way is you know very offensive to women and most men .
so if it is not unusual that nyneave who is present would be upset by that .
if you also think about who rand is bonded to and is also in the room to hear the report i think it if very obvious where the 'white hot rage ' comes from in the bond .
logain is reporting on the status in arad doman because he was there with asha'man and aiel they are in the process of conquering restoring order if you will the land .
rand says in that very scene that bully boys and toughs wo n't stand up to aiel . ''
so rand is thinking about how to govern the land .
verka express quite good thali and rajma/other rice combo for 60rs .
every time this reminds me i 'm top 2 i giggle
if the white '' in white pony is all it takes for racists to get behind a band they 're dumber than i thought .
greatest peace plan for 20 years from now after the energy and water war .
i always told my hubby i never buy something first day especially if i get a deal for that day only .
did they tell you that you should bring wife in for first visit ?
i wonder if that was bc half the people would say that they can not spend that money without getting spouse approval and they know once out the door it is a lost sale .
it 's incredibly common for restaurants to sub in something like a small salad instead of fries and if you 'd ever worked in a restaurant eaten in a restaurant or otherwise participated in society without being a dick you 'd know this .
everyone who has an abortion has a reason that 's right for them .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leviathan mastodon_album did you even look at the wikipedia summary before adding it to your goodreads ?
mordaunt has somehow combined the certain rukpol appeal of rory stewart with the support of the conservative membership conservative home poll .
cinderella phenomenon and nameless the one you must recall definite classes in my book .
torment of hailfire for threatening lethal to the whole table
the biggest i 've thrown toh was 45x with beledros using ashnod 's altar to sacrifice pest netting me 2 colorless mana and ancient nyxbloom crypt ghast on the field .
shit was beautiful watching prople trynna scrounge up pennies or so to speak to see if they would survive it
i wonder if she 'll wear the roast beef lipstick w her lime green dress
i 'm currently 32 am i good because i 've already started my first novel or does the book need to be finished or published by 34 ?
hey i 'm from kingdom 2835 we 're a growing alliance and would love to have new members to grow and take some of the larger alliances on and take one of the top spots ! ☺️ just drop me a message if your interested
i think forcing 4c good stuff decks to interact more is good .
it still makes the sound on an mp3 player so ...
well it looks like he can swap to some relic pieces and fix up his engravings .
most normal group he wants to join wont want him .
alt runs for vykas has strict requirements and like everyone said experience definitely gear score .
i would rather have a 1430 experienced alt over him .
there is already a public vote to ensure safety for one of them .
i am looking to switch to generic xr and my cvs only has amneal is it really not worth it ?
do you have a typical job and or do you make a decent living on your links ?
this was yesterday they gave the whitehouse a sneak peak on the rest of what was revealed and broadcast today .
a feminist does n't tell other people whether they can speak about their own trauma or not .
a feminist does n't speak over women and deny their lived experience at every turn .
a feminist does n't claim to understand fully the experiences that he can not ever have and the world he will never live in .
sit down child and for once in your life l i s t e n
i 've not been being told anything i disagree with but the mischaracterizations of me and my argument and the very point i came here to contest .
please tell me he grifted you out of money for the stolen election bs ?
i have enough fat and marbling in my muscles i am sure .
it really irks me when people try to reduce it to just basic when they 're just used to needlessly convoluted stories .
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
summy coz rain makes the solid bird poo wet again and its gross
agave is super low glycemic though but yes of course you 're correct
everyone has been very respectful and insightful so far .
i think it 's best to stand firm with geek squad and ensure i am only doing agent work .
after 1 solid year of doing da work i 'm comfortable in my capabilities and quality of work .
however i have no problem helping out my dfm from time to time .
the other half of a lot of nft projects is that to work as intended you need a whole bunch of other things to go along with it and work together .
this is the web 3.0 buzzword that gets thrown around a lot .
so if you want to create a working game nft you need developers and publishers to get on board and code nft support into their games .
and by nft support i mean something that will checks the blockchain to verify your ownership of the game before allowing you to play .
in theory this would allow you to sell your transfer your digital copy a game to someone else just like you would a used game .
of course this all assumes publishers will be on board and support it which i have no idea why they would .
even if nfts give a cut of used game sales back to the publisher it 's still less than selling a full digital version of the game to everyone .
and as a bonus customers get all of the hassle of dealing with strict drm and all that entails in exchange for maybe being able to sell their game to someone down the line .
i just do n't see the push from customers for the this tech .
for all of the angst from some people about not actually 'owning ' your steam or kindle library most people do n't really give a shit and like the status quo just fine .
and implementing industry wide draconian drm on everything digital has its own pitfalls .
nta please tell hr the situation before it escalates you are entitled to be in a relationship without having a obvious not single sign on you .
honestly did he even bother asking your relationship status ?
that was n't the choice they initially signed up for .
pga made that choice later on as a fuck you .
and the usga did n't agree with pga and will continue to let both tours ' members play in the us open .
now more players are signing with liv because they realize that the pga has been short changing them for years just look at how much the purses went up post liv .
of course it 's easy for tiger to just play for legacy now that he 's a billionaire .
and that 's not a dog at all it 's just reality .
but how would tiger have answered the same question but in reverse in say 1997 ?
i mean i just do n't understand how you can give up 25 million purses '' would be the likely answer .
i 'll make it a twelve pack with a fifth of anything
there was a case where a guy found a glitch in a slot machine and used it to hit the jackpot .
the courts ruled that it 's the makers of the machines fault and not the guy for being smart and utilizing it to his advantage .
i wonder if that will have any play here .
i bought a gopro hero 10 after my first crash dumb uber driver not looking both ways while he illegally u-turns in between idle traffic .
having footage will make it was easier for insurance purposes .
that 's very pessimistic nature and the earth is beautiful .
the fact that you 're alive and able to look up at the night sky and ponder the universe and your own existence is truly a gift life can be hard of course but you have to find the light in the darkness and never leave it
by your definition we should just say that the most despicable act of humanity is acceptable because country x did it in the past .
germans can not critisize the russians or help ukraine because their great grandfathers gassed jews .
here in the us colorado at least i havent seen a single person work from home for like 6 months now
i 've been freed from my ban by the mods like jesse was freed by waltuh !
think of it as which leg/pin of the part does what electronically .
it 's something to watch out for with these old germanium transistors .
fuzz circuits are simple on paper but often are challenging to get correct for these kinds of reasons .
are the transistors in spec for the expected part in that circuit ?
people often use sockets for parts like these you solder in the socket and then can add/remove the part to experiment/troubleshoot without desoldering anything .
hipaa laws do n't apply if you 're a perpetrator or victim of a crime .
i 'm sure legislators were considering situations like gun shot victims and rape survivors not people seeking abortion care but yeah hippa will not protect you here .
it 's a shame we didnt get a better angle of that loser bleeding out .
put me on that jury and i 'll have it hung like seabiscuit .
i 'm fantasizing you will wear hijab because oh the bride ask me to cover my natural hair .
i said i 'd like to take a couple days to think and review it in writing .
i figured once i see the terms of the sign on etc. i 'd reach back out to negotiate compensation .
since i have n't gotten the written offer i have n't had that conversation .
rh fans when they choke after throwing balls from their hand to their mouth there were no rhythm cues and couldnt chew three balls rapidly
lots of people think mgk is attractive i would take it as a compliment !
leave your psn username if you 're on psn and i 'll add you to a group so you can squad up .
careful now you owe them one and reciprocity can be a bitch
true enough does n't mean humanity is better for it though
why do you need a lawyer if you are n't guilty ? ''
i lost 130lbs then gained like 40 back ... then i hopped back on board and lost 238lbs from my heaviest then somewhat recently gained 30 back ... then i just recently have gotten back down to 228lbs from my heaviest and i 'm aiming for a final goal weight of 190lbs 255lbs from my heaviest before i finally start a lean bulk and put on muscle .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
guns do n't get experience from kills in gambit .
he probably could n't hear well and thought that she said something else
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/daughtertraining if you have any questions or concerns .
we are a discussion-based subreddit dedicated to support inform and advise dog owners .
fill out this survey to provide feedback to the mod team regarding the sub https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsdvk4vlvtkx6jjcwnzadcj8wcojiacbrgxqr5ux8tkjgaktlq/viewform ? usp=sf_link
this is a carefully moderated sub intended to support inform and advise dog owners .
submissions and comments which break the rules will be removed .
review the rules here https www.reddit.com/r/dogs/wiki/index r/dogs has four goals help the public better understand dogs promote healthy responsible dog-owner relationships encourage least intrusive minimally aversive training protocols .
https m.iaabc.org/about/lima support adoption as well as ethical and responsible breeding .
if you 'd like to introduce yourself or discuss smaller topics please contribute to our monthly discussion hub pinned at the top .
please be respectful of others and report antagonistic comments to mods for review .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogs if you have any questions or concerns .
not 100 sure but that might just be a male jungle nymph
it was so funny especially the pasta sauce thing .
he would literally turn his nose up at canned sauce and refuse to eat it .
my dog will eat anything and just inhale it without even tasting it .
i remember listening to rlm talking about picard and they brought up how unnatural the word guys '' sounds coming out of picard 's mouth like it 's so out of character it sounds alien .
a high school friend of mine died by suicide during summer 2003 at byu—i suspect he was gay .
coincidentally his dad was my bishop during high school years when my non-member boyfriend died by suicide ... this bishop almost gleefully informed me that my boyfriend was headed to hell and i was better off .
later i heard that the bishop had a vision his son was doing missionary work on the other side .
boyfriend that never received gospel is damned but the son who committed a big no-no got a pass ?
in short fuck that man and fuck the whole rotten bunch .
i said 70-90/g not half g. last time i was up there was about a year ago but those were the average prices .
the mission and co snowcap 90u ffwp i picked up last time i was up there was 85 which is the current price of their 90u .
megaraw 's stuff one of the two breeders of pie-eyed goes for 80-90 .
sure there 's cheaper stuff wisely and paul 's boutique house hash rosin which you can find in the 50 range but the stuff that 's proper still tends to still be on the higher end of double digits through dispos
how does the map differentiate between extensive and minor force ?
i had to take breaks while reading it or my mind would start to wonder as i read .
i enjoyed it enough but not one of my favorites .
good d also for future reference keep ur yarn labels !
it helps alot especially if u would consider shopping online for yarn
open the website from the same browser the gme wallet extension is installed
each car that rolls off the toyota assembly line is already sold .
chevy/ford pump em out and then ca n't sell them all .
this is why toyota vehicles tend to be high resale value .
if i remember correctly you can build your vehicle with a dealership they send the orders in bulk .
if a single spoiler can completely destroy your motivation to play a game then i doubt you were that interested in actually playing it to begin with .
a murkrow on 1.4 health will down 20 of my ultra balls each with no remorse
we could get started with a ride in my corvette ?
you would be surprised how long you can go without eating honestly .
if you 're not too muscly and pudgy you could probably go week without eating anything although you have to drink water you 'll dehydrate in like 3-5 days no matter what and honestly be pretty fine .
if you 're like 40-60 lb over weight you could probably go a month without eating .
you lose strength gradually you get brain fog but honestly if you fast the first 2-3 days are the worst and then you kind of get like a second wind and feel great .
its not even the macro nutrients carbs fat protein .
you pee out all your vitamins most critically potassium which your nerve engines need to conduct electrical signals which important for muscle control like you 're heart .
if you took vitamins and drank water you could go for months .
you 'd lose a bunch of fat and muscle mass but humans capacity for fat storage is kind of special and unique thing to humans .
you could probably eat like 3 or 4 days per week and live relatively normally depending on what you ate and how physically strenuous your work lifestyle is .
edit i should mention im not a doctor and i 'm not trying to sell you on like the intermittent fasting diet fad .
i 'm just saying like say ww3 starts and like the whole world goes boom and you 're one of the survivors the first problem your gon na run into is all the normal places you go to get food wo n't have it but the second thing you 'll realize is you 're not gon na come even close to starving to death for a for the first couple weeks .
you 'll probably feel tired hungry have headaches etc. but you 'll definitely be able to get up and walk around and do stuff .
when it comes to starvation like the stuff you see in the pictures of the holocaust stuff like that takes months .
like as bad as that stuff looks it kind of does n't really tell the full story of like getting people to that point is like feeding people just enough to survive like 1 or 2 meals per week for like several months .
but its like a remarkable evolutionary thing too its how cavemen could migrate around for days without finding any forageable plants or huntable animals .
compared to like a cat or a dog human metabolism is really slow and our capacity to store fat is really good .
a wolf or big cat will starve to death in a few days which is why they are voracious hunters who 's entire life in the wild is like sleep hunt eat sleep hunt eat .
humans on the other hand could eat and kind of screw around for a while before needing to eat again stuff like develop social dynamics invent farming fire etc.. even if cats and dogs were smarter their bodies metabolic demands and energy storage capabilities are such that they would still sleep hunt eat sleep hunt eat although perhaps with some anxiety as the contemplate the philosophical nature of reality the ethics of their lives fear of creeping hunger death constantly nipping at their heels etc .
i do n't always have enough money and it 's annoying to go baaaaaack but you 're right ofc
confederate flag represents a terrible thing and anyone that openly flys one is a dick head in my books .
if you get a 18 you get ojs team if you get a 19 you get ojs jury😅
but most importantly rolling the big 20 gets you saul goodman
yeah he is cool guys he spoke the words only true blues can speak leave him alone .
please note this post has been locked as all posts on r/houstonr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and houstonr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a link for mobile users pm typepast333 .
ops who wish to enable low effort comments may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
please remember that all comments will still be subject to subreddit rules .
always read through a posters profile to look for red flags before replying to a post .
always vet the user before sharing any personal information with them .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button .
if you believe the user is not who they say they are please message the mods .
the wording of a post is identical to another user 's post
user asks for an email or provides one this will always be a scam
user requests that you bring them food or pay them in exchange for something
posts includes a username for a 3rd party application this is against subreddit rules
as always be kind to each other use common sense and have fun !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/houstonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
agreed and also as an umbrella academy fan i would like them to update the icons for season 3 of that
one issue i get is dust on the bottom but you can easily remove the bin and rinse it out with a garden hose .
if the market is crashing with high volume sometimes it will
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askcarsales if you have any questions or concerns .
you do whatever job you 're told to do .
sometimes you do structure protection sometimes it 's cutting line as part of a strike team sometimes mop up sometimes ia on a grass fire .
it all depends on the individual season and where you 're located and about 1000 other variables that no one can predict .
can we also talk about the use of champs '' instead of champions '' and how off-puttingly over casual that is in this situation ?
listen like i said i have no fucking clue what i 'm doing .
and stop eating the period of birds or guzzling the secretions of cows
gaunt 's elevation to lord militant is exactly the stepping stone the series needs to branch out and tell new stories .
purge them all when your leader becomes a bit old .
revoke a title with tyranny and win the war imprisoning all the vassals who joined the war .
repeat until you have every vassal inside a cage except a single count .
revoke every single title everything and then either 1 execute all 2 renounce claims for everyone or 3 ransom everyone .
if all goes well you should hold every single domain in your realm and be crazy over domain limit apart from a single count .
revoke that count 's title he revolts but this time surrender .
you get deposed and now play as your heir with every title in the realm .
now grant all of these out with 1 county per person i like giving them to content or trusting people balkanizing every vassal .
give duchy titles to a count in that area .
congratulations every single vassal now has zero men at arms no money a single county apart from the dukes who should hold only one county and one duchy and all love you because you granted them titles .
rinse and repeat every few successions and you 'll have no trouble at all .
since you get deposed right after the purge you do n't need to care about tyranny or stress because you 'll play as your heir immediately
it takes like what a few seconds to peel one ?
i 'm currently struggling with same problem and what helped me is that whatever i fail i could try again .
i failed i screamed god why i 'm so fucking bad at elden ring/drawing/socializing '' then drunk a glass of water asked myself what i can do to improve '' and tried again .
after awhile i stopped caring so much and when i did anything and failed i took a few steps back and tried something different .
also there is that weird thing about advices that some advice just do n't click '' with you .
when you are hitting that metaphorical wall for some time you get that a-ha ! ''
moment that can break this wall like it was made from glass .
this advice came out as a mess i hope it was somewhat helpful 😅
if its not about you and me then why are you asking me about my opinion .
the us has a thousand aerospace companies of various sizes .
moog aerospace in buffalo for example designed the landing system on nasa 's latest mars rover .
i do wonder how richard harris would have done granted if he was young and fit enough for the role .
then again he already did the longbearded old wizard before i do like his dumbledore so much more than the others .
it 's like you 're purposely ignoring the point they 're trying to make just to be argumentative .
i speak my mother 's tongue really well indeed !
everything you 're discussing here is n't going to help people for years and some of it will be extremely counterproductive in the long term .
perhaps loosening regulations to increase oil supply would lower prices in a decade but we need to be permanently moving away from fossil fuel production not just for environmental reasons but also because of national security .
we would n't be having a gas shortage '' if basically every vehicle in the united states did n't operate with antiquated technology that will soon be obsolete .
half the problem is we keep getting spooked from our environmental goals whenever gas prices inevitably spike because of political turmoil .
this is one reason why continuing to use fossil fuels is dumb .
the other of course is the heat waves currently crippling half the globe .
i use mac 's calendar and sync through icloud .
like i said it could be personnel specific i do n't know .
what i do know is that when i flew i got asked at the check in counter .
not everyone with sass has to be loud and obnoxious .
and i think that 's why the pull up the third part of the third section—to scare these young adults with the threat of becoming a dreaded atheist !
too many questions like that and you 'll lose your faith in god altogether !
i would love to deepthroat that big beautiful dick down to the balls until it was completely milked out !
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule 201 20post 20review 20request message=my 20post 20was 20removed 20rule 201 20please 20review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/vy1yab/who_you_want_to_be_still_want_or_you_think_its .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not fair to compare then to now .
had ben simmons actually cared more about basketball than instagram he would be the best player in the nba right now .
anyone who looked at young ben simmons physical tools and did n't think that was foolish .
it 's why i do n't fault the sixers for choosing him over jimmy .
ben absolutely should be a top 3 player in the nba right now .
your welcome i just hope that i do n't have to do further explanations for the other commentators .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
i am on a family vacation with my aunt her three daughters my grandmother my mother and my younger sister .
my sister told me that this trip was originally for her sweet 16 birthday party but then my aunt invited herself and decided that we should go to puerto rico instead of canada which is where my sister wanted to go .
the kicker is that her oldest daughter 's birthday falls directly before my little sister .
my mother told my sister that she emphasized that this was a birthday trip for her to my aunt and everything was going to be fine .
as soon as i arrived it was very apparent that it was n't .
on my oldest cousin 's birthday we took her out to dinner and we sang happy birthday to her .
on my sister 's birthday we took her out to dinner aunt paid but to a place that she did n't want to go because the other place is closed we are going tomorrow i wo n't be there though .
it was already hard for my sister to order because she has a shellfish and nut allergy and when it was dessert time my aunt informed the waiter that it was my sister 's birthday but it was her daughter 's birthday yesterday i informed the waiter already at the start about her birthday and the allergies .
when they came out they sang happy birthday to both my little sister and my cousin and i was pissed .
my little cousin her younger daughter then said is it because sofia her oldest always has to be the center of attention so you have to take britney 's my sister spotlight ?
my aunt just looked down and did n't say anything and then went on a rant that she only did it to get free dessert and from now on the whole month would be the family 's birthday if the date falls within the month because it 's their family 's tradition. my mother came up to me after and said this was the last vacation that we would be taking with them .
my aunt went up and apologized i think not sure about specifics to my sister afterward but now she is ignoring me because i got angry with her .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i had taken a 6month gap and have 260 days and just reached 81
also it 's hella fun just to send someone who 's afk after a hint into the air
kamala the first confirmed mutant in 616 prof. x the first mutant in the mcu through 838 universe .
allowed one of my team to take an 8 week sabattical earlier this year to travel .
she asked we looked at resource and we could cover the role for that period with existing team .
just one of those things you dont ask you dont get .
also please go and remove your appliances from the studio .
not really but i would n't expect real expertise from and reasoning from a gamer who installs an illegal enterprise image at home .
danke dir brat dass du dir solange zeitgenommen hast für meine probleme .
stimm dir grundsätzlich zu hab mir auch vorgenommen ähnlich zu deiner rhetorik zu reagieren .
hat bis auf den tag danach mit dem anruf gut funktioniert .
die beziehung war zu gut und zu erotisch um das ganze für einen ons aufzugeben aber ich hab auch öfter mit mir kämpfen müssen deswegen .
ich denk man muss das realistisch sehen in dem alter ist das einer der hauptgründe für aus von beziehungen .
freu mich auch wieder drauf wieder neues zu entdecken der gedanke machts aufjedenfall erträglicher .
aber ich würde nie im leben eine offene beziehung eingehen mit ihr schon gar nicht mehr .
generell hast du das glaub ich falsch verstanden ich hab nie versucht sie „zurückerobern wenn dann soll sie das versuchen ich war nur aufgrund des unerwarteten ende aus dem nichts ziemlich am boden .
on the other end of the spectrum you have cleary goat at club level but more invisible then the invisible man
i was afraid to go full bubbles so i only used one extra e .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=agezealousideal7624 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
haha i have been trying everything to deter them !
i started doing a fork fortress where i put some plastic forks in the soil with the handle part down i saw that somewhere on reddit and it cracked me up .
i do vhrt 's in it but yeah you have to know how to fly and it takes a bit off time as you often have to take a run to recharge that single shield you got .
it 's not sluggish when you use your boost well .
you seem really thoughtful and it 's great you want to help your friend .
if she ca n't adjust to this new life it will quickly affect her studying as well as her mental wellbeing so having a friend is a great start .
rather than cooking for her help her learn how to cook so that she can share the responsibilities in the home and increase her feelings of self worth .
i would also suggest if you feel it is n't too much telling her about your experiences when you first moved and how it 's challenging for lots of people at first but that she can overcome that and will be a stronger more confident person because of it
public transit gets more and more attractive by the day
in scythe you can develop a riverwalk '' ability for your mechs which allows them to cross rivers but only to certain types of terrain and which types of terrain differs from faction to faction it does n't matter what kind of terrain you 're coming from .
this can be confusing for new players so i tell them that this is because stepping into a river is easy no matter where you 're coming from ... but getting out of the river on the other side requires special equipment specialized for the type of terrain you 're grabbing and pulling yourself up into .
put my boy mokey mokey in s tier or else ...
i am hoping we make some trades to free up some roster space .
i really would really like to give guys like boqvist thompson and zetterlund a shot and see what they turn into .
vesey mcleod etc are what they are at this point .
my thought as well after learning about the nfl schedule .
not sure any major league has a truly random schedule .
also removing statues because people are offended by something is stupid given most people do n't even know who they and these people will be forgotten along with their crimes .
i would buy for sure elden ring figures there is a lot of bosses that can become megafigures
part of the reason i use paper scripts is this reason sometimes pharmacies are out and the fact that i live in coastal virginia and sometimes travel to tennessee because if my doctor calls my script in to a pharmacy there 's no way to transfer it .
but if i have the paper in my hands i can go where i want/happen to be .
since the topic is specifically about efficiency if you 're after dig coins quitting at 4f is better than 7f .
the rate trade is 200 times coins to 1 dig coin so quitting at 7f nets you a whole extra 0.5 dig coins compared to 4f .
meanwhile selling the ooparts nets you between 3-6 coins so that is where the money really is .
quitting at 7f could be worth it if you 're still after time coins to buy the jumpstart charm .
but since you probably already cleared the ruins a few times to recruit noahxis you should have enough time coins to buy it before going in solely for the sake of efficiency farming .
ohhh this is genius.. i never think to do that !
dumb question but how do you fail recipes on purpose ?
i think a lagging quick chat would be helpful similar to faking when i whiff a shot it would give me a whole new excuse .
all jokes aside having some indicator would be helpful since most the times it is a cross platform player and i have no idea or no way to communicate on the opposite since it usually me lol of what is going down unless it 's a true ping spike .
maybe if it is just a small text on the right corner saying your teammate is having latency issues so i know to play more conservative .
i 'm gon na screenshot this to remind myself that while my narcisst father is a pos at least he ca n't do this shit .
i had 1212 sq that i decided i would be splitting between the two summer banners .
my main goal for the first banner was getting illya to np2-3 .
i got ! np2 brynhild np1 illya another copy of chiron my first copy of lakshmi and four copies of sessyoin .
easily the best i 've ever rolled and probably the best i ever will .
i have to say though sessyoin scares me a little and now i feel obligated to grail her .
anyways i wanted to keep pulling for more copies of illya but will be holding onto my sq until i see how the 2nd banner goes .
the cultural revolution is n't when the communists took over it was a manufactured internal conflict characterized by attacking representations of tradition/authorities that started like two decades afterwards .
it was n't a peaceful and willing hand-off of power between old authorities and new ones .
mao was already in charge then and he used it to purge other members of the party
report anyone breaking these rules or any harassing comments by using the report button .
if you want to support us and keep watching high quality premium bbc content and guaranteed new movies every week please check out bbcparadise.com https join.bbcparadise.com/track/ndczmtkumy4yos44mc4wljaumc4wlja for 1-day trial at 1 only ! .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bbcparadise if you have any questions or concerns .
actually hisoka have a thing for strong combatants not 10 yo
honestly even as a new south welshman it 's great seeing hunt playing so incredibly the last few years ever since the horrid gf .
but honestly this is like listening to the shittiest popular teenager in your class pop off with an unhinged rant about another shitty popular teen in your school .
there 's no way that you ca n't watch it in fact the whole class shuts up to hear the popular loser 's rant .
and in a weird way you know that most of what they say is simultaneously true and not true .
then the asshole leaves still thinking that they just showed everyone how badass they are when it was all kind of pathetic .
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 1000 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
1000 combined post comment karma award karma does not count .
we do n't care if the app says you have 1900 .
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it or try https www.reddit.com/r/karma/wiki/index/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
ferrari needs to be nerfed asap they 're basing their car off the first few races 😭
i 'll probably be getting pummel party to play with friends thanks
i just assumed they rationed their blinkers for when they need to flash their i can do whatever the fuck i want '' lights while double parked in a single lane one way street .
i have 10.5 inches that you can use and you can use it for almost 2 hours cause that 's how long i last
of course there are also the 400 600 800 f mount lenses .
i had a small like 8-9 '' square born again also a small diary of a madman .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
the villainizing in the flames sub is full swing i see .
downloading is much more convenient and everything is in a couple places .
i mean how are you supposed to interpret those funny numbers at the top to ones people can understand like feet and inches ?
and you are so welcome i 've actually really enjoyed typing everything up and giving you advice .
i am about to leave work but when i get home i will make some other good drugstore recommendations for you !
there are a lot of quality drugstore products out there but sometimes you have to go through a bunch of medicore to shit quality products to find a true gem .
i 'll check back in with some more recs shortly .
i 'm just so pleased you find this advice helpful and i have never met or even heard of someone else who has eyelashes just like mine !
during the best man speech a line got a couple of chuckles .
mine was 3 or 4 and said were we supposed to laugh there ? ''
sometimes i think the older one is feral because he literally growls and bites people .
he gets into stuff and she 'll just take a picture and post it on fb
they are n't afraid of being accused of being transphobic by the trans community they 're afraid of being ostracized by other cis leftists in this political atmosphere we have .
as you mentioned anyone who is familiar with the lgbtq community knows that comedians are n't that high on the list of problems .
i would assume u/crimfresh is familiar with this as a social worker .
it 's the group think of political communities in general that scares people from breaking ranks in terms of what is acceptable to consume and admit you enjoy .
i did n't even think about the outside factors that could affect my art like relationships healty sleep mental health etc .
i noticed that when i was in school i had a bedtime stability made sure to take care of myself .
but now that i graduated i 'm basically in bed doing nothing all day basically neglecting myself .
but i noticed that when i was in school my art was crazy good .
i guess this stuff really did knock me down and i did n't even realize it .
even if i never did art i still do n't have that good health .
i really do have to take care of myself .
i realized i wanted to do art when i was around 16 .
i had a lot of periods of not drawing through out the years cause of stuff like my adhd and mental health .
i started getting really jealous of younger artists that were better than me i felt like i was just a slacker or something so instead of drawing for fun i started drawing only as a way for me to get even better .
honestly i think it 's been a pretty long time since i 've actually drawn just for fun '' .
i need to learn to start enjoying it again .
i have to wait a while for the desk .
i basically already have one but the room i 'm staying in is pretty clustered up .
i wanted to hold off on cleaning the room until after i 'm done with chapter 2 to avoid holding off chapter 2 .
i actually like to fantasize about having a cool art setup like a lot of artists do .
i never understood the kind of damage drawing on the bed can cause .
i 'm really grateful for everything you 've said .
it really opened my eyes and made me realize a lot of things .
would genuinely love to hear back on how it goes .
i only buy the legit brand ones sandisk and making sure its from amazon specifically .
fair play honestly he 's fine but he 's not nt level i do n't think
reviews i 've read online of these irons claim to be targeted for experienced and low handicap players .
just as your line turns red to green i turn towards the house i head up from the house and pick a line away from the pipe no problem with trailers .
your credit score is the last thing you should focus on .
you need to stop the bleeding and make a proper review of what comes in and where it goes but if it 's a complete mess then there is no point trying to untangle the jungle from previous months rather focus on the future .
take a pen and paper and write down what comes in and where it goes i 'm not joking i 've seen too many people who 's finances are a complete mess and the first thing they do is download some app and hope it will change their lives but they just stop using it after a while of entering random 'budgets ' in it .
also do n't rush through this you need to focus and be accurate even if it 's not your 'character ' .
the way i do it income comes in throughout the month from various sources in a dedicated account .
then on the 1st of the next month i 'drain ' that account to 0 and make series of transfers to another account essentially pre-funding it to cover entire month ahead of time for core expenses like mortgage bills estimated variables like food etc and the rest goes to other accounts after that fixed amount for savings/investment goals etc .
whatever is left goes into a pile out of which i do dedicated budgets that i spend out of .
if those budgets are dry then i consider myself as having no money to spend on non-essentials .
i never had debt in my life exception is mortgage even though for a lot of my time i was making around 50k now it 's a lot better .
good luck and if you have questions just ask .
i 've had a number of crashes with my hc luckily i was n't in a major fight .
i did have on hc that i lost due to a crash soon have getting to nyc and i was in a big fight .
which is why with my current one i 'm a lot more cautious and take a lot more time .
going to college puts most folks deep into debt that drives their financial future .
you ca n't tell me that 80 of folks user their degree .
it 's all on the job training ... .. you are not less than if you chose to not go to college .
the laws being passed/proposed excluding trans people from their own health care decisions have legal implications for all bodily autonomy laws .
i was too young to see it go on but now i am old enough to see the aftermath .
somedays i dream of making my own slenderverse stuff .
the real reality show will be watching her adjust to jail life .
i figured i 'd to just sign in at least 2x a week to check for new survey/test .
but yeah i feel like it 's hard to get stuff from home tester .
i did so many surveys and gotten approved only for like 4 products
how 'd that gorilla glue turn out i 'm stuck deciding between that or getting another order of growers choice sour kush auto which is absolutely amazing btw
how hard was it to throw away the boxes ?
there is also no promise that you blow someone up in size and they keep the same level of coordination .
writing film and tv and music i love this thread you are all so cool
bc video under review ho gayi nhi dekh paya mai
not because of his money or his business model and especially not his personality .
i like him cause he triggers other billionaires and especially soft limp wristed redditors looking for reasons to be triggered .
this style of tattoo is my absolute favorite and i think it looks dope as fuck .
very unique tattoo idea and i ca n't wait to see the next one you get !
i 'm not sure if i 'd call it a blunder on cgr 's part .
i mean if a driver has f1 aspirations and it seems as if a few do then mclaren offers a path .
the first tip i 'll give is that the surface is purely for building and resources .
the caves are where the equipment and weapons/tools etc are .
the second tip is ... do n't look up anything else .
this is one of those games that is all about the discovery .
once you 've completed it you 'll wish you could forget it all just to get that feeling again .
i was gon na advocate for separation and a massive amount of therapy but that is seriously fucked up .
based on the way you talk about it you are never going to look at this man the same way ever again no matter what he does .
he could be a saint for the next 20 years and it wo n't matter .
i 'm sure you can infer what something like that does to a relationship .
so either end it now or end it messy when your kid is older and maybe capable of understanding that her parents do n't like each other .
the rates are so stupid and plus i have to scroll through thousands of posts saying they got it first try or on red stars
maybe just give a quick compliment and move on about your day say hello whenever you see her and see if she wants to workout together and go from there .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=jdndndmmm .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cumsluts if you have any questions or concerns .
if this post fits r/okbuddyretard than fr*acking smack that like button ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
if not then thumbs down lol ... ... .. epic fai.l ... ... .
almost every thread in this sub is a recommendation for gins .
it 's rare i take such pleasure in these things but this was just chef 's kiss .
it is almost impossible to hit fast moving skyros with scorchers .
if fafnirs got a better build it would be pretty good .
he was hardly sympathetic to the irish and even so what he did was miles more progressive than any of his contemporaries .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
gb occupys 26.5 square miles mostly water making it the sixth smallest country in the world .
what form of dictatorship does it form and how long before pensacola martials it 's forces and invade .
i did n't mean contend that i consider green room to be a horror even though it does not have any paranormal phenomena.i just wanted to watch something has a premise of a thriller elements of mystery but the events happening in it are so gruesome so horrifying that it turns into a horror .
it is basically like shrooms but it has some sort of mystery/alien touch to it that just makes it good .
a toss is a light underhand throw like the flip bottle challenge .
throw is an overhand throw with way more force .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 24 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfansgirls101 .
i would be done with him by the end of the first page of texts ... but it kept going !
he 's welcome to ask why and it 's your choice whether to answer but his immediately manipulative comment about you judging poppers is clearly meant to emotionally manipulate you .
trust me i 've dealt with enough guys like this it will not be a positive experience .
if you are n't seeing the warning signs early on in this text thread you should look again and see how he 's immediately disrespecting you so you can avoid it in the future .
i 'm not the only one that knows what 's going on .
there are others but none of them regurgitate andxyou can tell bc they do n't regurgitate the same crap written by david staples and the like .
everyone just stick to the story you 've been given .
also when you plan on building a pipeline you have to do meaningful consultation with indigenous people .
you 'd think the industry could learn that since it lands them in the same position over and over and over again yet we blame trudeau for those but we did n't when it happened under harper 🤪 remember when trudeau 1 made everyone get laid off and lose their homes bc of the nep ?
ya industry conspired to lay everyone off and stop producing .
nah even though the nep was still in court .
recently alberta has been begging for the nep they just want call it that .
i mean i just might have some knowledge i just might know the history i just might have worked in the industry .
but by all means dismiss what i 'm telling you so you can believe what you want .
it 's so much easier to fit in that way .
do n't dare think different then your friends and relatives .
this photo like many others like it was taken in 1901 around federation so the white men in question likely were british though they could also have been called by the name of the colony where they were e.g .
having said that these are horrendous photos and say a lot about british attitudes to the aboriginal people at the time .
i guess terra nullius was a good indication of what they thought of aboriginal culture and community .
i think s is the closest being the 19th letter but it looks like the correct answer would be t ... probably just an error in question design
i do n't know much aaron neville and linda ronstadt .
i always use the vocal masterpiece of these two singing birds as a selling point to people .
i even have a live performance i think it was at an awards show and it is superb .
this is probably the greatest duet of all time .
you knew that rubicks stun had the same range all game and that magnus ' q did 300 magic damage which means if you were over 225 hp you would survive .
now magnus could have gotten a neutral he could have bought an item he could have taken a talent .
now yes you would be better player if you check his items talents and neutral item immediatly when he comes out of fog but do you do that everytime ?
and if you are how much hp do you need to survive magnus q if he has fairy 's trinket ?
when shadow shaman comes out of fog in the laning phase do you check to see if he has keen optic ?
now you used know that if you just kept 600 range all game away from him none of his spells could catch you .
this is why i call it the best flash .
even in high elo and as we see in pro level play .
1 obvious one first does n't blind teammates big number 1 .
2 in order to not be blinded they have to turn to shoot the eye if you peak out as you throw the blind like a good flash is meant to do then you can get a kill while there going for the eye .
we see this happen a lot in pro play and 3 it 's the only flash you can send through walls meaning you do n't have to peak or try and find an angle to bounce a flash off of
and then i get to beat myself up afterwards for an unspecified length of time ranging between hours to years 😂
i 've once read that spinning around is helpful and concentrating on your sensory perceptions is very important to get attuned to the dreambody
freelance pharmacist up our street is making a packet drives a brand new bmw m5 and his wife 's got a brand new range rover and a villa in spain .
he 's got a few young lads working for him now who also seem to be doing well for themselves .
seems to really turned his life round since he got of prison .
yeah you can only see like half a second of her face in this video .
how are people acting like they can totally judge someone 's feelings from a few frames ?
if this is your first warning note that further violations of the same rule might result in a ban .
the famous guy that noone knows exists my brother says that about every commercial person ever
my husband haaated it too and he loves coke zero and coffee !
you 're definitely not the only one who feels that way .
way too flashy for my taste clean job though 👍🏻
umm before you do this again make sure you clear everything off the counter
just curious what vehicle you have that tint would help with your fuel efficiency .
unless your implying that you wo n't have to run your a/c .
i have plenty of friends from years of gaming who play wow classic on different servers .
was talking to two friends just the other day who were on mograine when they played classic about returning for wotlk .
others are returning for wotlk but did n't make the transfer when our old server died .
it 's really not that uncommon if you 've played wow for this long .
not wide on average but to me they sre wide probably because i 'm around a bunch of people with tiny waists and above average genetics since i live in florida take that as you will
if it 's just a result of covid not much a gp can do unfortunately .
people with severe long covid ca n't even get help as no real treatments .
but always a good idea to get checked out in case it 's something on top of ongoing covid symptoms .
range from tippity top like 40 i paid 80 25 fee
bin eher davon ausgegangen dass das monat '' weit mehr verwendet wird in österreich .
i saw a beautiful femroe in potd a little while ago and had to change my alt i am leveling to join the femroe army .
only thing that bugs me is the way they run ...
very much possible i 'm not a native speaker .
either way the way hopkins delivered that line 22:55 with that your level of pause insight '' was absolutely a-ma-zing .
what 's the point of having 2 wives if you ca n't have threesome .
i watched a bunch of therapy videos and they said that avoidants can reluctantly take therapy but they will never really change who they are .
it 's sad to know that some people sabotage their own happiness out of fear that they wo n't be happy !
it 's really messed up but that 's their lives and their partners too .
if she likes you ..your 10 consecutive texts will seem cute '' else your simple hi '' will seem desperate .. it 's not rocket science ..
i would n't be at all surprised if jones wins this motion .
if he loses it he 's toast in so many other ways which i guess the judge has to consider .
of course the fact that jones has to make the motion in the first place is already pretty damaging because there 's a pretty clear implication that the material is out there and kf listeners know that it is .
and as dan points out showing that jones is racist goes a long way to take the fun out of what he 's saying .
awww it 's so sad when they do n't feel well .
both my babies picked up a virus at daycare this week and they 're so pitiful !
this is why you always buy a gift cake and lunch .
give a pat on the back a thorough exit interview and an open relationship so the employee will answer the phone to answer questions .
this is the tv that costs either 20 or 400 .
under the definition that transgender people are different biologically from cisgender people
but they are n't less or more women . ''
always assumed it was a nod/joke to the axe murderer theory .
hear me out what if we used cotton uniforms .
vote blue no matter who s but also not because it 's true
well do that once she 's begging u to once u had your mouth down there
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lightskinbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
the boys choose to fast '' too especially phillip .
i think it 's a way of getting in the good books with mama .
humans and bananas have almost 60 of our dna in common .
more precisely around 60 percent of human genes have a recognizable counterpart in the banana genome
it 's impossible to have a true lightning build at lvl150 then bc you 'd need to have 60 dex and 60 faith .
the series was produced in los angeles and there are a couple of hints that amity park was modelled after la .
for instance the observatory resembles the griffith observatory the town has a beach reminiscent of those in southern california etc .
a road trip from california to wisconsin would take only 1 day while the fentons took 4 days .
the fictional town in the fairly oddparents is in northern california so it would be reasonable for butch hartman to place the setting of his next show in the other half of the state .
however i do acknowledge that there is also an equal amount of evidence against a southern california location .
if someone were to ask me where is danny phantom from ? ''
there is no doubt i would say los angeles as the show was made there and the series is vague when it comes to the state it is set in .
yta he 's healthy he probably just needs more food plus you said this was n't a money health or weight issue so really you 're just digging your heels in because you dislike he 's not listening to you
i looked him up and he 's not frat rap anymore
he 's on that facebook conspiracy tom mcdonald shit now talkin bout sheeple and adrenochrome
you can go hiking anywhere in australia and pretty much the scariest thing you might run into is a wild boar .
you can you do n't need to disassemble them but you will need to use synthweave cords like any other armor
i care i just think they 'd be less likely to ogle topless boys .
a 1500 won pastry packaged with collectible stickers of a pokemon .
they are only available in limited quantities which makes them seem very popular and some people mostly kids millenials will go from store to store trying to find one .
the craze based on scarcity reminds me of that for honey chips .
we 'd watch each other masturbate and right as i was about to finish i 'd go insider her to fill her up with my cum .
i think as far as being grateful i 've really been trained to feel bad about complaining .
it is ableist but i also feel so bad for complaining .
i need to be easier on myself but tbh this is the first day that i 've really allowed myself to be angry at my job over all of this before it was all just self blaming .
i 've got so much work to go with myself over this ...
it 's making me feel way more normal for feeling that this is frustrating and upsetting thank you !
i agree with you that the cookies and cream ones suck ass .
the birthday cake ones recently reformulated to be softer absolutely slap .
if you 're will to try again you might like the birthday cake flavor .
did n't do shit for me because i still could n't quit .
but i like therapy because it helps relieve pressure like stress or overthinking .
ah damn if you cut the tab there 's no way to keep the handguard from rotating .
guess i got ta rethink the build or sit on the rail a good while .
thanks for the info i 'm usually not into geissele price ranges so this is all news to me .
and probably some subreddits about building your own guitar effects units or audio amplifiers .
there are lots of electronics projects that fit really tidily in an altoids tin .
if you do n't want to replace them you can spread the pin part open a bit with a cross cut bit
i 'm a little like heimdallr the gate-keeper https wallpapercave.com/wp/wp3640969.jpg for this community .
your recent submission was bounced back by my filter for one of the following reasons
it did not have a community-approved tag typed into the title this is the 1 reason posts are rejected
the brackets were not included or the wrong brackets were used
the tag system helps to organize your posts into searchable categories and to filter out spam/bots .
if you want your post to make it through my filter you will need to create a new post but this time make sure you type in a properly formatted and correctly spelled tag at the beginning of your title .
descriptions of what these tags mean can be found in the sidebar .
if you 're still unsure of how to type up your title properly check out some of the most recent posts on the front page of the subreddit and try to mimic their formatting you can just copy-paste them into the title if you 're still unsure .
you can also work off of the examples listed below
you type one of the tags from the list in here between these brackets you type a descriptive title/question for your post here outside of the brackets
it should look something like this general how do i grow mushrooms ?
please read the post guidelines rules and newcomers sections located in the sidebar for more information .
please also note that the mod team is not able to edit titles so you will have to start over and repost your content with these changes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mushroomgrowers if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm also getting random white flashes and the native youtube app freezes when playing ads .
as an ignorant american who loves london irish the fact that their academy system is so emphasized gives me great hope regardless of where the club finishes on the table .
people like you are what 's wrong with the world imo .
get a fucking hobby instead of relying on fatcats to tell you what to do .
for some reason evangelical culture is extremely passive and indirect and all about politeness and etiquette on the surface but since your feelings have to come out somewhere they always come out sideways through vicious gossip behind people 's backs .
i learned recently about something called ask culture vs guess culture '' .
you spend your life trying to evaluate subtle cues and trying to guess how people feel to preemptively cater to their emotions .
you never ask a question that you think they will have to say no to .
basically you 're making sure to never put someone in an uncomfortable position .
i do n't know why this is a thing and evangelicalism because it 's totally unnecessary to religion but basically you end up lying a lot because if your true emotions make somebody slightly uncomfortable you keep them hidden and say what they want to hear .
i 've noticed even for simple decisions as an adult such as where should we go to eat ? ''
or what do you want to do tonight ? ''
i often do n't really know what i want and i 'm trying to predict what the other person wants me to say .
another one of these posts that say my partner does this really hurtful shit over and over ... but they 're really wonderful. no he 's not wonderful .
when he feels like being nice i 'm sure he can be nice .
when he 's cruel that 's a choice too .
chop off its head and put in on a toothpick at the base of the plant as warning to its people that they will face the same fate if they come around .
report your father has thrown you out of the house and you 'd like a officer to come with you to get your things from the driveway .
you want them to know so your dad ca n't list you as a run away .
call your mom or see if you can stay with your friends parents until you find a better situation
it 's a regular shape that packs densely in 2d and it allows the folding/unfolding that allowed for a huge mirror assembly .
not only did you go out of your way to take the kid under your wing but you even commissioned a picture of his very first eviction so he 'll have a wonderful reminder of how you saved him from a life of landphobia and helped him see that there 's more to life than hating on landlords and collecting funky pops .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
pics are really good imo and i like your first prompts !
all comments must include a rating in the format of 0-10 10 ''
this does not apply to replies to comments and op are exempt from this and can freely comment on their own submissions .
this subreddit is for people to post pictures of their own nude body and get ratings/feedback from the community .
it is not for hook-ups sexting pic trading or anything other the the stated purpose .
being honest is encouraged but there is no need to be rude .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemynudebody if you have any questions or concerns .
awesome need a gloryhammer patch it 's one of the bands that got me into metal in the first place
maybe changing proton builds here and there or throwing a command in and its usually good to go if anything is needed at all .
also feels like my cpu and gpu are working a bit better on manjaro as well which is awesome .
also how easy it was to get my xbox controller w dongle to work using xow .
also do n't forget to give your plants adequate sunlight they ca n't grow without it .
just two little riddles to help you save some suffering i went through
yeah he more famous examples are john deere and criquet .
companies around the globe are trying to find ways to turn their revenue streams into something recurring .
this is n't really relevant to gme at all .
are you thinking of p. 86 when we retire at night ?
or were we thinking of what we could do for others of what we could pack into the stream of life ?
i was thinking that the guys that showed up in gear had much better gear than we did overseas !
those kids are going to have terrible hearing growing up from what is about to happen .
it was in the past when ottoman sunnis would massacre shias so safavid shias as part of government policy started cursing the sahaba .
frankly while i think ali is the righteous caliph i do n't have any ill will towards abu bakr osman and omar .
if i 'm honest i make enough that it has not really affected me that much .
in a home lan situation generally your router is a firewall .
as far as what should be allowed inbound should only allow related and established connections plus whatever other ports you need if you need any at all .
unless your doing something to forward packets then forwarding can be denied as well .
if you want to be real hardcore then all outbound connections should be blocked as well and only whitelist then from there but that 's generally overkill .
i do n't know what you mean by protect against masquerading .
colt mccoy tyrod taylor teddy bridgewater joe flacco chase daniel and case keenum come to mind .
showing and feeling gratitude is the first step to happiness .
yes but do the kids actually want to eat a free menu ?
my advice if your town has some kind of fitness boot camp type classes check them out .
at least where i 'm at there are usually a good amount of very fit active women and men attending those in addition to the sloths like me 😂
you can use the one r as a usb webcam .
it did n't work perfectly for what i wanted it for but may be useful for you .
360 mod gives you a top half and bottom half for each side of the camera supposedly useful when you when want two side of a table visable
also you have to enable it in the options .
worked in icu ed and m/s in various tech roles .
he could have made a newish account and loomed in the shadows 280 days without commenting or upvoting any posts .
if you think he is sketchy snag him into a paypal transaction and most transactions will be covered through paypal .
if anything he should be worried about you not sending a package because he can send the money instantly but you will have to ship the gun out .
the new gm mode is lacking in every single way compared to the old ones .
i agree with you but my field is outdoor and allows binary .
this is going to sound a but strange but make sure there 's nothing there that kitty can hear and you ca n't like vermin .
i 'm still scraping together for 1 at this point maybe someday though
oh he thinks his ex taking pictures of his disgusting house is bad enough ?
wait till someone comes across this post recognizes it and sends it to his ex .
i 'm sure this post alone will get him to lose custody .
he 's actively on the internet bashing his ex for doing what 's right for their child .
so what is the point of even having the switch to change what the control ring does .
well maxwell is locked up now so that took a lot of options off the table for them and all the other pedophile politicians .
i'mma keep posting these until you acknowledge maria as best girl https imgur.com/a/pmxim7k
at least take your wife with you to the sub !
even if you ca n't bring miku into space she should at least be watching with the rest of the s.o.n.g .
no really comrades i 'm serious remember as of the end of season 1 miku is technically an official employee and thus she deserves to join in on missions !
how the fuck did dess of all people pass the school 's entrance exam ?
jiiiiiiiiii i can maybe see since bikki somehow managed to pass but how the fuck did dess even remotely score well enough ?
it 's quite simple really as you yourself note later they seem to have grown a second braincell in these shorts
anyway maria then proves my case for me that best geah chris is best girl take that it is canon comrades !
now now let 's not get carried away loved does n't necessarily mean best girl .
in fact as maria herself has proven by example true best girls are often hated in their time while worst girls like chris are elevated and worshipped by philistines that do n't know any better .
the british want her to post this everyday until she likes it !
does that mean tsubasa has graduated from fishy idol to crabby idol ?
why look best geah chris even asks her dead parents for permission !
gx 's chibi shorts are so gay that they unchibi 'd !
the sheer level of weaponized lesbianism is too goddamn powerful even miku would be afraid !
if you thought it was great before wait until you hear the ignited version !
and i hope vaad watched these so he can continue to chime in on how 'accurate ' the recipe is
would you look at that vaadwaur did indeed return just for these shorts
best doll is back and second best worst doll is with her too !
that 's how they managed to pass the school 's entry exam as mentioned
nevermind they only have one brain cell after all dess somehow thought that thinking aloud was secret !
no no they have two it 's just that the second one is only in use part of the time
interesting how you chose best geah maria to represent it despite supposedly hating her
miku sure seems to be enjoying this episode ya love to see it !
she 's set everything up for elf9 to 'escape ' and allow her to have her mole in s.o.n.g .
but elf9 's too much of a good girl to you know actually escape in a swift manner !
let 's be completely real some of us and by that i mean me would behave exactly like that in those circumstances
oh and finally just because i must speak on behalf of a fellow comrade of culture who can not ahem ...
i 'm going to post this every day until you like it !
looks like they 've got doherty self conscious about the goatee .
lots of negging like i just thought they had a george costanza complex like you know how he was short and bald and out of shape but always so picky about the women he dated .
i think i go for those type because i date people first off of my shared interests and give people who i would n't ordinarily date a chance to humble myself and not miss out on the one but it 's like these men always try to neg me or project their own insecurities .
a union is nothing more than the people who are in it
the union that took my money as a representation fee '' while i was in graduate school and did jack squat suggests otherwise .
my stipend was more than the union stipend while still being less that the big ten average most of whom were non-unionized .
i really wished i could have gotten that money back .
all they ever did for me was badger me to sign the dang card .
this post has been removed because we require minimum account age and karma to post here .
please do not message the moderators for minimum karma thresholds .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/centaurgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
getting roasted by strangers wo n't make your dad love you again
so i went down the rabbit hole of making my own proxies for a pop-culture nerd themed deck .
the deck is entirely proxies other than the lands and the genres go from star wars to marvel to anime to dc plus a few other one-off cards thrown in .
because you guys were so kind and encouraging with your upvotes and comments on my first post i 'll keep posting cards from this deck as long as you want me to keep it up .
today 's cards in the post are anime themed .
as a lot of people are saying this sound very much like just being a normal slightly excitable person .
i 'm not saying that 's the case it would be absurd to try and give a psychiatric diagnosis on the basis of an advice animal i 'm just asking .
being a therapist is probably one of the few occupations where being attractive is a disadvantage .
it 's not that they 've ignored it it 's that the engine they built it on does n't support vr and now they 're many years deep into development of some very complex technology switching engines is kind of out of the question .
the moderator team of r/chessbeginners wishes to remind everyone of the community rules .
posting spam advertising links including youtube chess tutorial videos without context and memes is not allowed .
we encourage everyone to report these kinds of posts so they can be dealt with .
also please be kind in your replies and comments .
some people here just want to learn chess and have virtually no idea about certain chess concepts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chessbeginners if you have any questions or concerns .
i can 100 guarantee this is not a real katana .
it 's true that a good sword should bend rather than break but not like this .
not from hitting something as soft as a bottle .
we do n't get to see the very end of the video so we do n't know if it was still a bit permanently deformed .
but bad steel would have shared good steel acts like a spring .
what 's good and bad depends a lot on what you need .
for swords it 's hard or impossible to get the best of all worlds .
that might leave you without a weapon at a time when you need one .
second is that they wo n't hold an edge very well and dull easily .
soft steel have the benefit of being easy to restore back into shape but does n't hold an edge either .
hard steels will retain their shape and edge but are inflexible and will snap when they fail .
a swordsmith has to find the most suitable combination of the three depending on what he wants the sword to do .
they flop back and forth a bit if you look at it in slow motion but any half-decent sword wo n't deform on a cut .
what type of pictures are good for dating apps ?
not gon na lie this is a genius idea !
i was gon na say that 's harder to find yourself in a bubble here but i decided not to because i do n't want to get banned for implying the mods enforce a bubble by banning people .
out of curiosity how 'd you land in arkansas of all places ?
it got all the way to rank 1 for nordic myth before sliding back down slowly throughout the day
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i despise gio players they just divekick me at the stupidest of times then i 'm forced into an game of guess where i 'm hitting ''
he looks like if vinny went as ron for halloween
imo it does n't really matter when you start multiplayer because it does n't effect the game flow or at all .
tho most people begin at the iceborn dlc because its content early on can be fairly challenging .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's awesome and have you taken it any further ... ... ... yet ?
bitcoins value is the blockchain but blockchain does n't need bitcoin and can be replicated .
everybody can make a 1:1 copy of bitcoin nowadays no intrinsic value to it .
i prefer actual photos if i 'm being honest .
but i am a professional photographer that occasionally shoots product photos of bikes .
so considering you want to take my job away i 'm not a fan .
there should be an item in your inventory that raises poise when used .
use it and wait for the effevt to pass and the debuff will dissapear .
i hope bikes are not the only thing you 're good at riding
when i was pregnant i did have weird cravings .
but being someone with a driver 's license i would get myself these things if they were within a reasonable distance and for a reasonable cost .
if they did n't meet these criteria i would just move on because i am not 5 .
already own all of mass effect and it 's dlc are going to be free on october 15th so nah thanks though
i ca n't speak for him but i bought a three bedroom townhouse in calgary back in january .
my old rent for a two bed den was 1750 .
when i bought my mortgage payments were 866 a month the bank takes my property tax so it 's included
380 strata fees 33 insurance policy is about 400 a year 250 in commuting fees i used to walk to work .
thus far my only repair has been twenty dollars for a leaky hose under a sink .
i imagine it 'll work out to more on average but the total cost per month so far including commute which is n't really a cost of ownership is just shy of 1550 a month .
that saves me 200 dollars each month and exterior repairs are handled by the condo board .
i reviewed their financial statements before buying and they have plenty in the bank so a special assessment is unlikely .
for me it was definitely cheaper than renting.. and that 's assuming my landlord never raised my rent .
i know for a fact that they raised it by 450 when i left so it 's not a safe assumption .
i have since increased my mortgage payments to get ahead of higher interest but even then it 's only pulling about even with what i used to pay in rent and now i 'm building equity .
also why during the early days of the invasion gaijin had to disable the chat cause of this .
take the exact text from the books and maybe edit it to fit the cut .
all that would need is minor editing and adjustments based on what 's getting the cut for the movie or not .
after that all you need is vas and the artists for special effects and animation as well as all that involved in the creation of the visual side of the story .
and the visual stuff is easy enough considering many of the areas in the books are explained well enough .
i agree i think the menopause is doing a number on her her doctor has n't got the oestrogen progesterone doses right ... or maybe she 's an idiot like chantal does n't see a doctor or take their pills correctly/at all .
no way i 'm paying all this for a car to then be told i have to pay for features that usually came standard in luxury models .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't give a fuck what you think it was your still shit .
it 's an esh situation more than anything else because both parties responded with disrespect .
even if the ops was not as harsh i understand responding the way he did depending on just what the gf said .
op did her a favor taking her car and letting her use his and had an unavoidable accident and planned on taking care of it and the gf insulted and belittled him based on his response to her .
so op responded from a place of hurt due to her comments .
i agree that way to many people here are overlooking what the gf did which is basically saying what ops gf did was an okay thing .
as in its okay to respond to someone disrespectfully if they damage your property or do something else to make you angry .
while saying it 's not okay for op to do the same thing though most people are hanging on the fact that they think op is not going to pay for it when he is regardless of what he said .
op does n't deserve to be insulted or belittled for making a mistake or being an accident .
i swear to god if waino does n't get a win for this performance
ahh the nights we would linger over brandy at eat . ''
what you want from back in the day is white shoes with the road whites .
https imgur.com/gallery/gmylqzn let 's party like it 's 1985 .
i am 160cm and was 50 kg pre op .
on op day i was 59kg and did a skinny bbl and i 'm absolutely loving my results !
i went as big as possible but given my small frame after the swelling and recovery it just looks so juicy and natural .
i 'm down 30lbs my mom and grandma ca n't see a difference .
we 're running riot what is this team today ?
that 1920 to 1945 generation really set things into great shape .
they struggled and fought and setup the next generation for the greatest economic boom this nation has seen .
it doubles milk production but you have double the chance of tugging too hard and getting kicked or even worse overmilking
i do n't disagree with you but this year will be unique because a ton of teams are tanking .
i 'm okay with our only moves really being maintaining long term flexibility ... .
if ... . we lock down otter and robo this off-season .
that in combination with its location and the flags seems to paint a clear picture
not saying i have or have not just wondering what happens if i 've been a bad boy ?
it 's been stated it 's a server issue specifically in the west coast y'all need to stfu honestly talking about shit without proof my lord ... cry babies all of you
i too break down into tears at the emotional beauty of the song on sight by kanye .
and thus the reason change needs to go in .
downvote all you want but the system is broken but needed without it anarchy takes over .
the employees need vented better and instruction needs reworked .
things are fucked and have been for decades but we know how to fix it just need the balls to do it .
i can only see one pic of the board but but some float plates ...
and i ca n't see the top of your board but i prefer fenderless .
you may want to use a fender for your work pants though
d1 vet who came back during season 15 only because fatebringer vex mythoclast and gjallerhorn where back !
stepson here got his solar panels but i have n't even received an email about mine ...
we need to discuss this in the hoa member 's meeting this month !
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfans101brandnew message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfans101brandnew 2fcomments 2fvyl5na 2fwho_wants_to_lick_me_head_to_toe 2fig2urz1 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
and i moved states to secure a house with a yard in my price range .
this studio is the one where i started out !
i sadly pcs 'd to korea in february of last year shortly after hitting 500 classes and now back stateside but the nearest otf is 45 mins away 🤧😭 hopefully one day i can be back under those orange lights again !
guy was prolly so high on molly he thought he was jesus and time to accomplish anything !
o cara ja tava levando um pau do segurança quando o cassio se virou
you 're watching the exact same thing on a vod or live .
it 's not comparable at all to a concert .
but i do n't wan na get drunk or do blow !
either the protac or the protac custom depending on the screw hole spacing .
did you see there is a sizing chart in the picture carousel ?
print it out and lay the tape switch over it .
also she would n't make masks for people who 's legs were shredded .
first i 'm sorry to hear this happened to you .
having to re-build your life is an experience that i never want to experience again and would n't wish on anyone .
the insurance company will take whatever you had and equate it to the absolute lowest priced comparable item they can find .
if you had a dyson v11 animal and list vacuum as what you 've lost congratulations you now have whatever 40 vacuum from walmart they can scrounge up .
if possible i would look through your purchase history and list out the actual value of whatever you had .
your 1000 2017 macbook air may not pay out completely for a new computer but it pays out a lot better than a 200 chrome book laptop.
good luck with the next few months be thankful that you have yourself and your own .
granted i was always an independent and leaned slightly to the right of most people that would identify as democrats .
just like actual summons they 're simply a mechanic you can use to make the game easier if you 'd like
ive never actually done that if i saw an acquaintance id just continue my business .
might even get their attention if i felt like it
hehe i made something exactly like this 3 months back.. what a coincidence.. 🙄https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreakcreations/comments/upwa9e/military\_police\_station\_move\_and\_slight\_revamp
when you 're late for work and you forget to use the loo
they actually are every other character can get just as much if not more damage except every other character attacks multiple times meaning that on average they 're hitting more if the rogue misses once that 's their entire turn worth of damage gone this gives them better crits however because they only need to crit once to do double damage however paladins can also do that although that 's not their consistent but they can add that on top of their consistent damage
20 something year olds are n't going to experience all of the terrible side effects of obesity because they have youth on their sides .
every 5 pounds adds 20 pounds of pressure to your knees .
how do you think that 'll mix with the elderly who already have weakened joints ?
why are fat people more likely to get cancer ?
skinny people can have those problems too but obese people are way more likely to .
the idea that being fat is perfectly healthy is literally dangerous and can cause premature death and suffering in so many ways .
it 's so backwards and i 'm sure the majority of those people are going to wish that they lost weight when they were younger .
my cousin used to live in fairfield too but had to move once she had kids due to rental costs .
bro please try reading it again and stop spazzing out long enough to understand that you are arguing with yourself .
yeah we 'll publish behind the scenes stuff eventually there 's a bit already on our ig
i actually do n't think this is bullshit at all .
if this job has been challenging op to the point that they just got fired it makes sense to me that 11 days ago they were stressed out enough to be considering quitting
they 'd said they had already given their notice .
reality is that people will have to start losing their homes before this gets better .
burn out the overleveraged to make room for the new buyers
neob sobre a parte das piadas eu até entendo pq meus amigos e eu tbm fazemos algumas piadas meio racistas fazemos isso pra tentar parecer engraçado sem pensar muito mas o resto do texto mostra que vc não é a babaca e a sua amiga tá em um relacionamento abusivo e é melhor tira ela desse relacionamento o mais rápido possível antes que ele comece a agredir ela e deixar ela com traumas pra vida toda
not the only reason i 'm sure he liked the idea of being around don
respect to kareena for having a longest career as an actress but she think too much of herself..more then what she is .
users must comment on this post prior engaging in a trade or sale .
u/kingofthishill you must confirm that your potential exchange partner has commented on your post prior to the finalizing the transaction .
do not deal with anyone who will not comment on your post .
if you 're buying make sure to get proof from the seller that they have the item in hand .
this means having them send you a timestamped photo with their username on it .
how to leave feedback and increase your flair https www.reddit.com/r/discexchange/wiki/confirming-a-trade
users swap reputation can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want more detailed information click send on this message .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/discexchange subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
be wary of users who do not comment publicly and send dms .
we recommend at least public comment to verify the user is not banned .
protect yourself and user buyer protection like pp goods and services .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/discexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
alright lnc it 's been real i 'm counting on y'all to update me if these feeds come back when i wake up tomorrow .
i ca n't listen to this theme song anymore i just need to go to bed 💀
not rlly cause he wo n't know he 's in a dinosaur or what a dinosaur is
5-fingered paws that you can actually do stuff in !
and despite that the shorter digits still give a feral paw-feel !
currently opening certain things soda cans game cases cardboard boxes may be difficult with such wide digits alone .
they 'd also add to the paw feel making the 5-fingered design look less out of place among 4-fingered suits .
why you should not kill house centipedes ... and instead just give up and burn down your house .
if my property is secure i should be able to protect it against unwanted animals wandering in as well right ?
meaning if the cat enters my home backyard etc .
lionel hutz cases won in 30 minutes or your pizza 's free .
it 's all part of their 3e strategy embrace extend extinguish .
they pretend to embrace open source to stay trendy and build trust in the dev/poweruser/superuser communities .
they even went as far as to make their own linux server distro to dissuade users from treading into non-microsoft territory .
also what does that have to do with sy'fen doing 10k damage
to everyone who comments trans men deserve hate cuz blah blah they have it easy blah blah they benefit from patriarchy and need to sit down blah blah blah i present https www.advocate.com/commentary/2015/07/23/op-ed-trans-men-experience-far-more-violence-most-people-assume ? amp
if you think we have it easy and just need to shut up and listen because we 're men living in a patriarchy you need to realize black and white thinking is not practical in the real world .
not directed at you op more directed at comments im seeing .
i was at 70 pity and had no guarantee bc i got xiao and i got him on my 79th or 78th pull so happy
yeah unless you hop on and see 20 other posts already asking if the game is down it 's going to just be you .
low key high key really like this tbh ... imagine it got turned into a mod
i come out down the hall way and flash a grin
i think maybe this slut takes two to really be useful ''
my ex was wonderfully understanding of my struggles with the outside world but in denial about how her words and actions hurt me .
at my last job we had a daily team standup it was actually a huddle but 60 year old pinterest board managers do what they do and to raise morale '' one person would end with a song .
on my last day i asked if i could plau the song because i had one picked out as a goodbye to the team .
wan na guess what i played and how it went over ?
yeah but that 's just the first of five shots over the next 24hrs so we 're good .
you 'd have to ask people from that microlabel .
you just immediately went to attack me directly by saying cons of the flair i have and saying why cake and bottle have personalities unlike match and pencil and i respect that opinion but like i said before i do n't think being an over obsessed fan and just the general happy character with no other trait is a personality at all do n't believe me ?
nem sokban értek egyet a régi jobbikos mi hazánkos állásponttal viszont azt be kell látni hogy vannak tipikusan olyan bűnelkövetési formák amik a cigányságra jellemző 95 ban unokázás védtelen idősek támadása vasúti vezetékek kábelek lopkodása kis értékű rablás kifosztás stb ... mielőtt még valaki elkezdené hogy erről a mostani kormány tehet hát kurvára nem sőt 2010 előtt sokkal szignifikánsabb volt a marian cozma üggyel az élen .
ezt tudja a belpesti értelmiségi is csak éppenséggel egész évben dől a szar a szájából hogy romapolitika így meg úgy mert az ő morális értékei mást nem engednek meg .
na de amikor a teljes cigányság a fideszre szavazott ugye pár hónapja akkor újlipótvárostól a mechwart ligetig a móricztól a jászai mari térig is mindenki ugyanúgy mocskos cigányozott ddd elég csak visszaemlékezni a baloldali véleményvezérek facebook posztjaira .
i have noticed that every person i 've heard say the word divisive '' are the ones that are divisive through their actions or passive aggressive behaviour towards the left '' .
it 's like their go to word when they ca n't think of anything else and it works cause everyone else automatically tunes them out cause it 's pointless and they see that as a win .
it 's a lot heavier compared to the kit lens or the 25mm 1.7 lol thanks for the tip
that looks like a cracked egg in a chopped off foreskin penis .
i mean reliable heal that removes all bleed and blight from a target .
powerful blight stacking either single target or aoe and a aoe buff for her party .
the homeless sitch here is a lot less bad than van i recently went to vancouver and drove through east hasting and have seen nothing like it it was so so sad .
the east village is right next to the drop in center so you will see more near there but it is nothing compared to van .
i just did n't know the timeline or how far apart him leaving and her going there was
i promise not to post my weed anymore but i also promise good trees .
i have a vision of a large jewish man who smokes weed but wo n't have his trees infiltrated with weeds .
wehave 27k sq ft building 12 million company thats getting fixed up from neglect .
hr is needed and can be a reliable profession it depends on yourself and what you aspire to become in the field .
i know tenured professional making well over 6-figures and living very comfortable lifestyles .
i 'm on the hr data analytics process automation side .
i found a niche program that allowed me to learn statistics and data science while also specializing in i/o psychology ... so i 'm more 50 all the it that hr does n't like and 50 all the hr that it can not fathom .
it 's been a lucrative endeavor for me ... but it is challenging to keep priorities aligned in both divisions .
r/onlyfansasstastic is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
the agent can tell you that you need to bid 200k over asking and he could be just padding his commission because you have no way of knowing the other bids .
but every player in the league has highlights that make them look amazing .
people will worship a picture of mj doing one of thousands of his fadeaways .
say it 's a vault door to a bank .
there is no excuse that anyone can come up with for these useless pieces of shit .
the only thing that matters is the lives of the children in this situation .
tbf from the your description it sounds like you just had the wrong coffee .
cheap coffee gets roasted too hot and too short so it 's burned on the outside while being raw in the inside and having still a ton of acid in it .
my stomach goes crazy if i have a cup of such coffee .
since we are all tuning into a pure consciousness when you die you potentially re-enter that consciousness thus gaining the memories and experiences of every living being who ever lived including your family .
this is the concept of oneness the brahman etc .
yeah reading now only onepiece subreddits and my ukrainian war related news .
keep your tail higher we need to survive do n't have any other options .
we 've never used it but it was recommended by some of the others here on the sub so i know it 's popular .
people will hit on you men will have to speak with you also having male friends is normal .
he seems very very scared that you will leave him for just about anyone .
and as everyone else has said that 's not something you can fix or make him feel better about that 's internal work he has to do .
hope you stick with your career and keep helping ppl !
jeg har været i alle ovennævnte byer og er fuldstændig enig .
københavn føles som en standgade på kreta turistfælde efter turistfælde og intet af format .
i do n't know ask the guy i was responding to .
ofcourse you can complain when there are better free alternatives .
for no-one yet ... it 's a teaser of an upcoming release .
dragic 's game is not and was never dependent on his raw athleticism and sky-high usage
westbrook would be a fine option off the bench for most teams which is what dragic wants to do
library card expired debit card laundry card drivers license i 've used them all .
caralho a do brasil e da coreia do sul é do tamanho da economia da rússia .
mesmo invadindo a crimeia 10 anos atrás o putin conseguiu fuder ainda mais a economia do país .
ohhh so its not saying fairies in city of delusion
you took 9 hours my first response was shadowbanned cope with your shitass quip from the 2000s
reflecting positivity in tough situations like this is very difficult .
kudos to you and all the very best for your future .
so basically they are doing what they accuse the left of doing and making a big deal over some words
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise .
use tools such as http www.bscheck.eu and https tokensniffer.com to help you determine if this project is legitimate but do not solely rely on these tools .
be sure to read comments particularly those who are downvoted and warn your fellow redditors against scams .
feel free to join in on our newly made telegram at https t.me/cryptomoonshots to discover and submit projects as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptomoonshots if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i think she will have her job but one thing is for sure many now will def .
take her to court cus man she was really rusty .
been watching the marketplace for new drops last night and today with consistent new uploads trickling the entire time .
but the last nft posted was put up about 6 hours ago now ... maybe something is in the works on the back end ?
i just wanted to express that the afcs is pretty complex and being put into the role of the pilot co-pilot and flight engineer altogether is quite an effort in regard to managing the whole thing with a xbox controller .
it certainly does n't have a touch screen display though .
so let 's see how it works out within the f-35 cockpit .
i mean i usually just play any of them randomly .
origins i come back to every once in a while .
• middle school memories interlude by marvingrandd https lis.tn/zmehw ? t=20
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically if the matched percent is less than 100 it could be a false positive result .
i 'm still posting it because sometimes i get it right even if i 'm not sure so it could be helpful .
but please do n't be mad at me if i 'm wrong !
github https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot new issue https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot/issues/new donate https www.reddit.com/r/audd/comments/nua48w/please_consider_donating_and_making_the_bot_happy
this post has been automatically removed for potentially violating rule 4 .
rule 4 states that you can not make a post with the sole intent of making meetups finding people or offering a relationships .
rule 4 also states that you can not include or direct people towards usernames for chat services like kik and snapchat .
feel free to resubmit with a more appropriate title that respects the rules of the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/femboys if you have any questions or concerns .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i got mine on my second or third run .
she 's just really scared of them and the thought of standing up for her free will is very intimidating which i do n't blame .
what gave you the power to overcome your situation and what boundaries did you place ?
at the point mst resolves mugin is on the field and would be able to use its protection against mst 's effect .
okay ball weevil walkatrout and the worst i get that no one would choose but spidermonkey shocksquatch astrodactyl gax ?
she has n't done anything wrong per say i mean technically neither has he he 's just purchasing porn .
but ya that rule come straight out the 1000 reasons not to do porn rulebook .
would you look at that all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order .
i have checked 920,787,331 comments and only 183,046 of them were in alphabetical order .
punkt 3 sie sammeln noch weil sie den „perfekten bewerber noch nicht gefunden haben .
it is ... slo mo happens on the second touch .
it just does n't make sense no matter which way you fucking look at it .
why would the government add fluoride to the water for our health ?
i just remember being in school being forced to swish around this purple liquid they told us was for our health and good for our teeth and then i watched them throw out food in front of hungry kids who could n't bring 75 cents for a slab of mystery meat plop of potatoes and pint of milk .
except i was on mushrooms and i was awake and i was having all these flashbacks of that fucking purple liquid and the fact that it tasted good enough to want to swallow and i was hungry enough it was hard not too .
the government does not care about us or our health and it only does things it can profit on in some way or it finds the cheapest way to patch over the problem .
but also almost nowhere in the world adds fluoride to the water besides america anymore so i do n't think that it 's really in the water to prevent us from evolving as we 'd see more evidence to this but i do think that it 's giving people vague illnesses brain fog all manner of subtle illnesses they can make money off of .
omg the darkslide to hippieflip was sick dude great job
i remember back at one of my old jobs while i was standing at a table this drunk guest got up to use the bathroom .
before he left he asked me for a hug .
i did it because i did n't really know what to do since i was standing right next to him but it was weird .
he was obviously just drunk and harmless but i did not like it .
i know a lot of my friends that have tattoos mention people either touching them or trying to touch them .
oh some crazy entitled awful lady grabbed the arm of one of my servers and gripped it really hard and shook it ...
this table was already a problem and i really wish the server had told me before they left .
i would have kicked them out immediately if i had known .
i feel like im the only one who enjoys my job
do you know how many student supplies books actually useful materials this could buy ?
to download the video you can use one of the following sites
link to trim the video https reddloader.com/download-post ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/indiandankmemes/comments/vyq3qw/mahatma_gandhi_was_dank_confirmed id=aafd4548
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiandankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
that statement being yotta is free provided that you have more than 5 in your account .
that means if you do not have more than 5 in your account it wo n't be free .
if it 's not free then there will be a fee .
• middle school memories interlude by marvingrandd 00:20 matched 92
so it 's easier to light spam the light soammers back at least that is why i like it and when i play assasins i do appreciate the extra challenge
it 's pretty good when playing on bushy maps actually i 'd say it 's useless using it in maps with really no bushes since it does n't even detect invisible brawlers for example leon with super other brawlers with leon 's second gadget/sandy 's super without rude sands
my dog does not let people pet him 90 of the time .
i do n't expect people to ask permission at an off-leash dog park but if they do i say eh ... probably not '' .
it 's not an issue at an off leash dog park though because my dog is not restrained and can just walk away from someone trying to pet him so there is no need for me to do anything .
a few times i 've had to intervene because someone was literally trapping my dog against a corner and forcibly trying to grab him dafuq ? .
so long as you are sensitive to dog body language you 're pretty set etiquette-wise to just pet a dog that approaches you in a friendly way at an off leash dog park .
meme really fits this game looking at how much progress there is before actually beating an extreme demon
its not just harvey i hate anyone and everyone with that style of mustache instantly and viscerally
the meme does n't even work you know how little people are at ar 60 .
likewise it 's fun watching you delete all your comments
the gang return a beloved dildo to an elderly woman whose husband threw it out in a jealous rage ''
only if they bought the top or hold the whole bleed .
i ca n't care less in their nft market place until i saw real gaming products there but as l2 ill open a position sooner or later with an s/l .
not only for her labeling it as an unhealthy food when your in recovery and should be focusing on getting rid of those stigmas around food but the fact you did n't get praised for over coming fuckin spreads .
that makes me want to try harder thank you !
again idk what 's with these poor guys getting shitty therapist but she 's definitely adding to the numbers on here .
i hope you were able to get a new one in that actually understands the disorder .
selger forsikringen til ca 600k-1mill i måneden 20 flat provisjon bonuser
blazing banquet since the makeup/hair is hella pretty and since the bg items seem a lot more versatile imo than lord of burning sands considering you have no similar suits but that applies to both .
if you do n't absolutely adore any of the suits skip and wait esp if you 're not planning to spend irl money .
i hit on a 5/15 ohtani 425 footer and mine still says in process .
but best cartridge i ever had was diablo og .
i 'm almost 18 wpo and slowly learning to love the new me .
the tattoos are tough looking but the guy still looks like he 's in middle school
i saw coming home in a body bag 2 and 3 on mega .
pifs has been receiving dmca claims for mindgeek scenes ! ! !
please google which sites come under mindgeek if you are n't sure of late .
so if your post is that of a scene made by any of the mindgeek studios please do delete it brazzers reality kings mofos digital playground twistys babes etc .
we are still trying to sort this situation out outlook not looking so good .
and because of these mindgeek claims we have had to remove our graylist since those comments receive dmca claims as well .
sorry about this and thank you for your cooperation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porninfifteenseconds if you have any questions or concerns .
great connections and i just wan na see a cyborg ninja go up against an actual ninja
several species of small furry animals gathered together in a cave and grooving with a pict .
if they do n't balance it the low spec will never get brought even if they can do it .
if a mage can do twice the damage of a warlock no real group will ever bring a warlock even if it 's theoretically possible to kill the boss with a warlock when it will be twice as easy to do it with a mage
you know very little about what you are talking about .
did you look up what the doctrinal term for strategic mobility is ?
do you understand what operational mobility is again probably not .
and we already know you have no clue what tactical mobility is .
if your 13a could n't explain it to you than he probably needs to pay more attention to what ever level of schooling he has completed .
today i shared your definition with some of my colleagues and how you define strategic mobility .
please because we would love to read more of this
and if you want to share more you can always pm men
i know i prefer dc cuz of batman tbh my overall point was i have marvel fatigue i mean now there 's shows that tie in to everything that u have to watch to get it it 's like marvel peaked at logan and that 's not even an mcu movie but it is a fucking masterpiece i like dc because in there current direction they try a lot more stuff joker was completely separate and i respected for not trying to go out of its way to tie into some giant universe the batman and the suicide squad while being in the same universe are completely different movies i just like the variety even the most different mcu movies still feel like mcu movies
you are the best and this all helped me so much ! !
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
you 're a 12 year old and a creeper you commit suicide daily bro
the reach on the grizl is intended to be a little shorter than normal on canyon bikes so if you have a long torso for your height you might want to size up and vice versa .
you do n't want to get too stretched out .
i 'd recommend calling canyon and they can walk you through the geometry and how to measure for a more precise fit than the calculator .
ultimately if it does n't fit you can exchange it but that 's obviously a hassle you want to avoid if at all possible .
fwiw i have a 31 inseam and have a small grizl .
or was that more of a wizard gloating before murdering crow '' deal
people tend to hallucinate the cultural iconography of their own cultures .
in other words if you spent all your life surrounded by statues of shiva and reading the bhagavad-gita you 're more likely to experience visions from that than see jesus on the cross .
giving some background about the windsors and their traditions and status could give context to meghan 's more outrageous demands .
and lol at yeah it bounced off his glove '' and now yeahhhhh horse cock
if you would like that sweet verified sexy flair which gets more attention from members then check out our verification process here .
https www.reddit.com/r/sexy/wiki/index/verification verified users are also automatically entered in the contest to have their photo in featured spot located in the sidebar about tab in the app .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexy if you have any questions or concerns .
elon and his dad errol can have a three some with it .
vote spam click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_spam message=vzdo8c vote approve click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_approve message=vzdo8c
it 's obviously meant to influence them but their defense lawyers will say the case is n't active so they are n't able to influence anything anyway and be 100 correct from a legal standpoint
first consolidate all the cc into one location and then aggregate the payment to that one location and automate it .
so rather than paying 204 across all the cc 's you pay 204 to one cc that has the outsanding balance of 7690 at a lower interest rate .
i did this when i switch banking institution and it was help me save on the interest paid .
second is you do the snowball and you rank them by balance and pay them lowest to highest .
you pay off the lowest bill first while paying the min on the remaining and then move on rolling the payment to the next one .
so it 'd be amex discover capital one apple .
most people do n't recommend this because its not mathematically the best as you 'll accrue interest but i do have to say there is a psychological feeling of paying off debt that feels good and could allow you to build the habit of not getting there in the first place .
the last one and the one that is allegedly mathematically the best is you pay the most expensive card by interest first and then roll the the next highest .
so it 'd be amex apple capital one discover .
again paying the minimum while also rolling the payment over once that is complete to the next card .
yea i know support is a game changer i had no clue merlin countered ainz i was wondering why i kept loosing to him .
that 's a weird looking banana title of my sex tape .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
but mets fans filling seats means ownership is being rewarded for what they 're putting out on the field .
so call me conflicted though this year i 've been watching a lot of mets games and generally cheering for them .
they have a good booth and a good team and deserve to have good things happen for them .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wise_bit_3036 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
gift card for plastic surgery yes they do those so done !
i am an aa member and have been sober for 6 years .
i first got sober at 29 and relapsed 6 years ago .
do n't worry right now about staying sober for the rest of your life .
i like aa because it is a one day at a time program and there is a lot of support .
i go to a women 's meeting but there are some for men lgbtq young people and people who also have mental illness .
feel free to attend an open meeting to see if it 's for you .
there are a lot of speaker meetings where someone will share their story .
i got into aa as i take meds for bipolar alcohol does n't mix with them and i could n't stop drinking on my own .
there is a book called alcoholics anonymous also called the big book .
it is about how aa was founded and about the steps .
a lot of the early members tell their stories .
a lot of libraries have it and it might be online too .
based of that comment you 're definitely under 15 years of age
tarnished guided by grace u/comfortable_sky_9770 in the name of queen marika the eternal i shall grant karma to user u/not_a_lemur_king !
good-bye should you come by a shabriri grape contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/beyondthefog subject=about+the+false+maiden message of r/beyondthefog .
ah joe rogan the most trustable newsman of our time
okay that sounds like it very well could have happened i appreciate it !
the wildfire druid has that name there 's a druid dedicated to death and decay .
if you want examples of real life animals doing this shit just look at australia .
literally there are multiple species of birds there that spread forest fires in order to get easier access to food .
and you think mushrooms bears literal fire or any animal for that matter really care about the environment ?
yeah i really do n't like playing against 4c piles with most decks i play but it 's not that bad when i whip out niv to light
seems like you 're the only one mad here .
and the maturity level is n't up to par either .
make sure to read the stickied guide https www.reddit.com/r/questpiracy/comments/jcvfzo/the_definitive_quest_piracy_guide as it might answer your question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/questpiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
the year he was born was the last year the police could turn up at the front door decide they did n't like what they saw and our story about being just roommates did n't add up and we 'd end up literally in jail as criminals .
that law changed the year he was born and men like us were let out of jail .
so we 're genx and dealing with all that is really the biggest problem for the generation before us the baby boomers and the gays from their parents ' generation who came back from wwii .
to understand life for gays in my grandparents ' generation it probably helps first to know what life was like for my straight grandparents .
back then you were a virgin until marriage you married someone that your parents and your church approved of and then that was it until one of you died .
they got to go to the lake together one weekend when they were engaged because they were friends with a young married couple that his parents and hers both approved of and their job was to be sure my grandparents slept in separate bedrooms and act as official witnesses that nothing scandalous happened .
their opportunity to enjoy a weekend date depended on the credentials of their married friends to enforce this code of prudeness .
some of it was based in practical traditions they were adults before we had widespread birth control or std treatment so you could n't have people running around shooting out random babies from yet another hookup .
and nobody wanted to be covered in untreatable sexual diseases from sleeping with anything that moves .
so people who did n't live up to this standard were treated as human trash .
it was an era of harsh consequences but also incredible busybody nosiness and sanctimonious judgment .
my grandma 's brother went batshit insane thought he was napoleon reincarnated left the family abandoned his wife and son .
she remained close to the family but the stigma enforcing until death do you part was so strong that they never divorced .
everyone saw that her life was hard and miserable to the point of ridiculous but they made a vow to god and as long as he was still alive what could she do ?
and who would have her anyway being used goods and all .
after the war in the 1950 's and 1960 's many of the people in my grandparents generation and pretty much all of my parents boomer generation realized how stupid and cruel this was .
sometimes things did n't work out and that did n't make people human garbage .
they should be free to try again and they 're not less noble or less worthy or less dignified because they were mature enough to admit they made a mistake .
people could end abusive or deeply unfulfilling or empty relationships and still be treated as a civilized person .
an unfortunate sidebar not worth dwelling on and not worth judging the person harshly for for all of eternity .
that replaced the old prudery as the mainstream of opinion about human relationships .
if it does n't work admit it and try again .
i just understand that having rights is a privilege not a certainty .
we here in the us have them grew up with them and expect them to always be there .
that is a false assumption and a dangerous one .
if rights were inalienable the entire world would have them .
and even you can admit that not everyone does .
governments peoples whole nations live without some or all of the rights we here in the us claim are inalienable .
but having those rights today is no guarantee that we will have them tomorrow ... unless we fight to keep them .
scotus is busy destroying the social fabric to worry about your little investment
lol i named it accident since i accidentally choose squirtle as a starter
u/facialaurora your submission has been successfully posted in r/labiadangling !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/labiadangling if you have any questions or concerns .
it was fine with him as a villain but the protagonist of prototype 2 was just so boring and one dimensional
with white he lost the players that boosted his stats so much stone to vegas and tkachuk to better linemates .
norris has not lost anyone who helped him succeed this season .
in fact he 's gained debrincat and giroux if the 7-9-19 line gets broken up .
i think it 's obvious his shooting will fall but that 's okay as long as he improves defensively and with his playmaking .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's all good lol just trying to see what people might see or not see
people picking and choosing when to be offended and when they want to point and laugh .
i still ca n't do you get an achievement for it ?
this subreddit and r/metal are both simply dumpsterfires that are slightly entertaining to watch .
i would n't say a side effect of porn is failing exams .
i was an honor student on academic scholarships through my bachelor 's and masters degrees in stem fields and i fapped everyday probably 3 to 5 times a day .
it can have negative effects like sex not being pleasurable and emotional connection issues sure but i dont think failing exams is a side effect for fapping .
true but that 's why i said characters plural they need to balance out how many characters are for each role bc there are more tanks than supports and 1 person picks from all of those but 2 people pick from all the supports so it makes sense for it to be less they just to need chill w adding dps or rework some of the dps into supports like sym torb.. etc and i would hardly call what they did to moira a rework she got a new ability but she still plays the exact same so obviously ppl would n't be interested for longer than a couple games and yeah when ow2 comes out i still expect the que times to be around what they are right now unless they do some reworks bc just the fox girl wo n't be enough to change it drastically
i 've heard of really rare reactions like that with ‘hyper-emetic syndrome ' or something like that where the body just can not break down the thc and you just just hellishly over-high and throw up until the thc just leaves through the kidneys ...
that man is going to die from everything he just inhaled .
sometimes she wears sweat pants and used brain powers to make people think she is wearing fancy .
it would be good to think this in 1/3 's ... .
regular person needs to do work 1/3 of day 1/3 goes for sleeping and 1/3 is free time .
if you can not add more activity to your free time then some sort of activation is crucial with working 1/3 .
nowadays i ask from every client how much they train in aerobic endurance in free time and how much they have exercises for muscle and mobility .
if every day activity is good people exercise on stuff what they like and there is no issues prsesent then its good to go .
but i hear a lot of people who does not do nothing compared to exercise in free time .
that is sad.. iäve made this video so people would have some hints how to get every day activity to higher lever https youtu.be/kaycprxhmmg
my boss at work says that i do a good job and everyone is grateful for my contributions and once in a while my partner will praise me for growing as a person and chef .
i do n't know all that many people in my life anyways .
packs goes in cycles just like challenge mode and online mode .
reason for reporting i am in this picture and i do not like it .
well then why is so difficult for you to provide a published scientific journal showing any answer other than conception '' ?
i provided 16 peer reviewed sources some from literal embryology textbooks .
it 's a stretch to imply get out of afghanistan '' biden is on the level of gwb .
could you imagine pelosi on an aircraft carrier with a big mission accomplished '' sign behind her ?
and all 3 are being left behind as the rest of the party moves more progressive .
i sometimes just pick up those orders just to show the customer that they 're order is going to be a while .
then i say immediately after the store was closed to dd .
just to make them have feed it back into the algorithm or cancel the order entirely .
whatever it does it does something i figure to the system if i just cancel it after accepting it .
i 'm also about to embark on a two tone bor'kan scheme and my plan is to use a few splashes of orange or maybe yellow to just add a bit more colour to them .
just little things like buttons on their gloves/gauntlets or guns or a belt buckle or something small .
winston bogarde and his 12 matches for chelsea in 4 years .
avoid nicotine also vapes caffeine and try to limit high sugar foods .
try to lean towards a low carb unprocessed diet .
damn that was one hell of a one hit wonder
nal but the description of this job has set off some alarm bells as it sounds very similar to some muling/fraud scams .
how certain are you that this is a legit company ?
reminds me of the art style in the game monument valley 2
she literally told me once that she does n't even like kids ... lol .
i think the only reason she had me was so other people would take care of her .
i 've taken care of her my whole life .
she 's put everyone through hell and she 's always the victim hence the violent outbursts when you do something she does n't like .
i 'm honestly so used to things being turned around on me that i thought people might try to point out that i may be the problem .
i had to stop myself from over-explaining the situation so no one could paint me in a bad light .
just goes to show how disgustingly effective gaslighting is .
i like how you related her words to a curse because she literally weaponizes them .
it 's how she gets her way with everyone .
for quant there are 6 mistakes analyze them again and see why those were wrong big book is a bit easier than the official exam .
if you have a chance purchase ets pp as well ets mocks are real indicators of your level .
when i grow up i want to be an other
elite dangerous doesnt let you build your own bases or ships but man its got exploration down and its gorgeous in vr by far one of the most played games for me in vr .
i can fly around for hours in that game just staring at everything .
but sadly i think the answer to your question is no currently .
i joined a poker club last year that i quite enjoy .
upvoted you can you return on a post or two ?
if that 's a weight he could 've gotten seriously injured 😅 .
i have been looking at that fine ass body and u should let me have a go promise u wo n't be disappointed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/b_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
in f1 2020 the maxed out my team car was so fast it 's ridiculous .
never ending ers since it recharges quicker than you can drain it the deployment limit per lap being the only consideration .
very low tyre wear to a point of 1 stop medium-soft strategy being possible on almost every track at 100 distance .
very low fuel consumption to about 85-90kg of fuel being sufficient for 100 distance
and little things like the brakes being mega effective very low drag which allowed you to achieve top speeds of 330+kph without drs and still with sufficient downforce .
maxed out myteam car in f1 2020 is a beast .
it 's a political reality that the tories will promise something to voters with no intention of following through .
there 's no reason to think the trans debate crap is n't just another .
i swear every local store owner needs to hang a got dang sign that says if you have been sitting for more than 10 minutes pull your damn pants up nerds ! ''
you are them all over the place in the uk .
i remember the outcry when councils in scotland said they were getting rid of them even the ones you had to pay to use .
at least in scotland it 's against the law to refuse someone the use of your toilet 🤣
hey that 's not to far where i live !
me hahaha funny europeans ca n't take 27 degrees 27 degrees is cold for the tropical countries haha
also me sees comment about heatwaves being 50 degrees c in toronto
definitely do n't want to be woken up while camping d
hope she gets drawn for it cause she ai n't going on the block until after it .
i 've unlocked and gotten all the achievements and that 's how i got it
it would n't work until i got about 300-500 upgrades to it but once you get the casino skill points and stuff it ends up being really easy
we sign dybala if we can get rid of dzeko and sanchez
remember the multiple amtrak derailments in 2022 alone from the trains made right here in ca sacramento specifically or the grounding of literally all boeing 747 max planes because of the crashes that happened over the past 3 years because an american company in washington decided to cut corners .
track record wise china is doing a lot better than us especially considering they have high speed rail and we cant even connect tracks between fresno and bakersfield .
idk if you have seen public transportation in china but i would gladly take the shanghai metro or beijing subway over the moving garbage can that is the la metro
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
sqrt 2 was making me think of luke schenn the guy was unreal !
do we need a post about this every single day ?
he 's not going to be impeached because of some bad poll numbers so you 're going to have have to put up with the guy for a few years .
when i come back at the beginning of august it 'll also be after a month-long freeze .
i traveled to singapore then promptly caught a breakthrough case of covid a few days ago .
it 'll be interesting to see how the month off of otf will affect me like you said plus coming back after covid .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
use a brush to clean the remaining grounds put the portafilter back in and clean it with a cloth before the next shot since it might get a little moist .
eventually he 'll have to retire and by then he 'll be happy his team is under org 's leadership .
please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/rules before you comment in this community .
understand that rule breaking comments get removed https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/h8aefx/rules_roundtable_xviii_removed_curation_and_why .
please consider clicking here for remindmebot https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/vzgf5p/were_all_nations_participating_in_the_crusades_at 5d 0a 0aremindme ! 202 20days as it takes time for an answer to be written .
additionally for weekly content summaries click here to subscribe to our weekly roundup https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=ahmessengerbot subject=subscribe message ! subscribe .
we thank you for your interest in this question and your patience in waiting for an in-depth and comprehensive answer to show up .
in addition to remindmebot consider using our browser extension https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/d6dzi7/tired_of_clicking_to_find_only_removed_comments or getting the weekly roundup https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=subredditsummarybot subject=askhistorians+weekly message=x .
in the meantime our twitter https twitter.com/askhistorians facebook https www.facebook.com/askhistorians and sunday digest https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/search ? q=title 3a 22sunday+digest 22 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all feature excellent content that has already been written !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askhistorians if you have any questions or concerns .
the lack of boundaries and common respect can be hard to fathom .
but they 're victims of the cult too they just have n't figured it out yet .
therefore any law made by the former that benefits the latter can not be a good law .
much better then lactacia 's her voice is really all all over the place .
wait a second when i called for a globit summit on the future of rugby union no one heard me !
how many ways do you really expect people to describe the human condition ?
do you mean yankees legend todd frazier from tom 's river nj ?
but the default settings were fine not having to deal with rgb makes it easy .
tracks that 's what i call a riveting experience !
raoul i do n't know why i hang out with you man .
paloma left eviction cancelled jasmine twisted her ankle we still do n't know who is hoh .
if i show my dad my ubuntu post install script he 's gon na think i can hack a bank .
bonus points if you can blow them all out .
if anything they 'll say it was n't exactly my question ''
dude come on a quick scroll through your posts shows multiple pictures of your truck with the license plate showing for all of the world to see on reddit .
we believe that there should have been some border security to prevent this tragedy
comment removed to protect against ban evasion and spam your account must be at least 5 days old to participate in r/neoliberal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/neoliberal if you have any questions or concerns .
do you not see how every other state has a massive decline and has been doing so since several decades ?
me and the boys used to show each other 's privates at the toilet
if you would like to verify please send the mods a verification request with a picture holding a crumbled piece of paper with your user name the name of this subreddit r/amateur_milfs and today 's date .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur_milfs if you have any questions or concerns .
i was n't asking about your typical first date stuff always asking about what elliott smith song you would play
except and the end of the day this behavior still puts all the pressure on the man to face rejection .
for me breaking points is in the middle in the stratosphere .
if you have n't checked it out give it a shot .
it 's well balanced reporting and they update regularly .
i feel like i can trust them and nowadays that 's in short supply
i just want to say shut up for a second and realize that this is about me !
fuck does this ever hit home 😢 what do you think would help ?
i 've tried meds and counseling but was n't really helpful at all .
it seemed like i was just taking it to get thru the appointment and then i was back to my old miserable existence .
as for meds i tried a lot ssris santos tricyclic no luck with any .
one thing whoever 's in charge while recession is official declared is getting blamed .
a quantifier is typically 0 or 1 0 or many 1 or many etc .
i do think there is a relation to existential quantifiers in mathematical logic .
i 've seen early computer languages integrate those and reference kleene 's work .
at this point they should just start making cameras .
or put an iphone on the james webb telescope and be done with the nonsense .
lmao most international students are rich and go to big name private schools .
adding to this tog is finished acotar is n't which might be important to some .
no one here can afford that sht unless they 're growers and those fools do n't want you on their property .
if someone says the past is the past fine whatever let us not discuss things that make us feel upset but when you start describing the details of those times in the present its no longer in the past its in his face .
it 's not about race it 's something effecting all women .
forced birth is wrong and feels like a sign our country is imploding ... . racism is still an issue but every race just lost women 's right to bodily autonomy .
there are no winners we all need to focus on getting this fundamental right back .
project wingman did n't have the graphics budget of ac7 but it 's an amazingly good game that had vr and widescreen support plus a small cast of characters that mostly were n't insane anime idiots .
so that 's an actual lane where he is it 's so faded out ! i thought it might be used for parking
502 for gaming at home and probably 604 for work .
idk though i like an mmo mouse setup so i use a corsair scimitar at work and have razer naga i got on sale tucked away for when the corsair eventually breaks .
realistically tho i pretty much only use the delete key bound to one of the buttons .
i rarely use the window presets on my mouse anymore you kinda do n't need them once you learn to window manually .
there 's a regular at my coffee shop who is literally always sporting cat-on-neck .
which is cool like it 's a beautiful fluffy multi colored well-behaved cat ... but when it 's like 90 degrees outside i do n't get how either of them can exist like that .
like ... you wore a fluffy living scarf to the coffee shop ?
what if i do n't have a favorite i just listen to what in my opinion is good
i mean the evidence is right there at 1 you can be an effective player without a great jumpshot .
anomaly stacks a lot of stuff on top of mlr which stacks a lot of stuff on top of last day which stacks a lot of stuff on com which stacks a lot of stuff on coc which stacks a lot of stuff on maps from the original trilogy ...
you 'll get the original feeling of the games but if you were only playing anomaly up to that point it will definitely feel underwhelming .
it 's a lot more arcade-y because that 's what all stalker games are .
cop also has only 5 levels and it only has like 35 guns .
big difference is that the original games have a story !
with like actually interesting dialogue and long questlines and where you have to do meaningful stuff .
no more running across the zone to meet some guy .
cop has the best story out of the stalker games .
play it mod it do n't play it stick to anomaly ... just do n't suddenly say vanilla sucks .
keep in mind mods like anomaly represent 13 years of work done on top of the old games .
honestly on top of three warning he kept going behind you and your wife 's back i would n't have give him three more like one or two anyway he betrayed your trust and was putting your wife life at risk and creating an unhealthy environment to live in and risking living rent free knowing all that he still did it and honestly if i was in situations i would of never stole snacks that was n't mine especially considering i could just get them from a store or order some ahead for a rainy day and share he seems like a idiot after all she does n't have the only candy in the world and he wo n't die on the way to get something for his sweet tooth i just feel he brought this on himself this was a situation he could of avoided if he was n't so narrow-minded he was n't taking your wife situation seriously it would n't have had to be like this if he just stuck to the one thing he agreed to before moving in .
you really ca n't imagine a situation where enrage is n't an issue but there are still instances of massive raidwide damage ?
considering raid damage mechanics tend to be the ones most nerfed yeah not many instances of needing to pi the healer .
the first paragraph in the subject is usually the opener to incest bro/sis stories .
not sure what sort of response you were expecting from this sub
it makes more sense when you see that the twitter account associated with the post is trying to pump cel .
that being said let 's assume for a minute it is not just some random person making up stuff to try and manipulate cel price my guess is that there would probably be more to the deal than just the value of the mining equipment ... it could be like a blockfi/ftx type deal involving a loan .
i genuinely want them to win a ring so badly .
it 'll be such a huge blow to the lakers shake up the league and further cement some amazing superstars
i carry a small first aid kit hip flask of bourbon weed co water snacks incl banana for cramps lil screw driver dry gloves and dry socks .
all together my pack weighs in around 1.5kg including the pack itself .
i do n't even notice it and i fucking hate havin stuff in my pockets .
checked the german wiki ... the unit symbol was historically °k ... so yes it aint that wrong as a naming convention how it is actually scaled ?
put her in their room hubby sleeps on the couch and she stays with sis .
he 'll never have sex again but if his mom is more important ... .
most the complaints about the story come from them not acknowledging the events of the first game and retreading over the same material for the characters .
it 's basically kind of like saying persona 5 strikers is the same game as 5 except in that case i would say play persona 5 first .
this one i think you will enjoy story more not playing the first one .
that being said the story of the first one is better paced and better written .
the combat though is way better then in the second and missions are way better balanced .
the first game had a very annoying base capture mechanic .
you know how in some dynasty warriors titles you have to kill peons for the officer to appear to cap the base .
well in fate extella 1 the bases would have to spawn multiple officers .
oh and every new officer requires you to clear peons again for them to spawn .
i 'm not talking a small amount of officers most territories have 4 to 6 .
and threatened to eat anyone who touched his cash register
like others said as long as you do n't have kids or a s/o i 'd totally go for it .
you make friends tons of money and have a lot of fun .
the work environment is usually really good and you have all the help you could ever need every day .
i know people who have really shined while all-starring and were asked by the dm to move out their permanently .
actual scene i 've thought of because i could n't stop thinking about this .
context gus got turned psychic in my fic and feels thoughts as specific combinations of his other 5 senses .
shawn oh my god what have i told you about saying things like that !
gus no i mean yes i mean ... you ruined my lobster roll !
i just wanted a funny self-insert that no one but me would get .
gus you have control of the whole universe you could pick any thought sensation you wanted ... why on earth would you pick ketchup on ham for yourself ?
the only reason i did n't move my stuff to celsius was because i had the common sense to recognize that there was zero chance in hell those rates were safe when i could n't even find a private bank that 'd give me more than a few percent in interest .
if you 're getting 20 that means the platform is charging more than that to a borrower .
one moderate move the wrong direction and you 've got people going bankrupt .
i did the same thing years ago when guillotine was the counter and 4*s were the norm .
nah man i think people are often just afraid of diversity or are paranoid .
oxnard has its issues but violence is not one of them .
any major city has gangs but they are quite controlled here .
even our homelessness problem is not as bad as ventura city .
rents and property are getting expensive though so keep that in mind .
do you know what neighborhood you 'll move to ?
try to go to the neighborhood where you want to move and talk to people there ask around .
you can always shoot me some neighborhoods and i 'll let you know .
i just sometimes find myself surprised by the guidance some people need to do things i take for granted
it 's filipino if you are able to edit your first comment .
you 're not the first one to it 's a pretty popular swap
i disagree i remember how popular bredesen was a dem governor is absolutely possible
i 'm curious man could you define each tier for me ?
like for example what do you consider to be outerversal '' hyperversal '' low complex-multiversal '' etc .
as a french makes me wish regular hoi4 was the alternate history
sorry your recent post https redd.it/vzaq44 still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
oh my god she looks like harry the hunter from beetlejuice
i do n't agree with the movie being objectively terrible but yes it is wild to have it at 7 .
yes having a seventh trap dura survivor would n't do anything more than having six so this is optimal
oh yea he 'll be fine our job is n't that hard 😂
they 're mocking us because they know that there are zero negative consequences for doing so .
they can do this in an environment where there is no right wing to enforce serious opposition against their machine which is our national environment .
that 's what i do n't like about biochemistry and inorganic chemistry .
like yeah co is a reversable ligand but it 's also bound to iron via π backbonding while in biochemistry it 's a bunch of disclaimer biochemistry is n't my strong suit organic molecules binding through covalent bonds peptide bonds and hydrogen bonds along with shape conformation strengthening the bond .
like going back to the heme example o2 and co readily binds and releases from the iron while the iron never frees from heme and hemoglobin α and β never separate in normal biological conditions
as soon as buying was restricted the trade was done .
redbox went from 2 18 if that is n't a squeeze you are absolutely bananas in the head .
so you can choose to compound gains or make no money i could care less .
anyone who does n't at least scale out on major moves is absolutely lost .
once the buying pressure is gone the play is over regardless of how many people covered
imagine 2k just turns off all lineup restrictions last month of the game and says nothing
ohio state has more wins vs penn state in the last decade than penn state has wins vs ohio state since joining the b1g !
i design app ui for an it outfit that has 200 sites .
not sure why the downvotes but i agree that able bodied people should n't freeload as adults .
i got some aguila 62 gr fmj from my gramps for christmas and now i 'm concerned ...
it 's a cool shop with some cool reno history but when they added bizarre guns and started selling firearms next door it just kind of rolled off my list of places i needed check in on with any regularity .
the deco is only available after the final boss .
seriously you need to stop insisting on doing this yourself !
you clearly do n't know what you are doing .
do you think you can just watch youtube '' and now you are an electrician ?
you are in a territory of hurting yourself or possibly someone else who comes into contact with your jerry rigged contraption .
hang bag on door knob then knock with gloves or sanitize after .
you can also start the clock timer as soon as allowable and walk s l o w l y to the door !
the electoral college was designed to allow the minority party a voice and avoid the tyranny of 51 '' .
what people claim to be a bug is actually the feature .
1 i do n't want her to take anything she does n't want to take
2 condoms do not only affect me during sex '' that 's my whole point
using condoms does n't allow me to develop a certain type of bond i need with my sub it 's a lot deeper than just not wanting rubber on my dick .
if i ca n't develop such bond during sex then it will affect the rest of the relationship too that 's just how i 'm wired .
the whole point of this post was pointing out that this probably is a major incompatibility shit happens nothing wrong with that and can lead the relationship to an end .
as i really like this girl i would like to see if there 's some options what we might consider that could make up for the condom use .
hello u/shrubdoesstuff and thank you for posting on r/languagelearning .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason/s
users who are looking to learn a language must first read the subreddit resources .
you may post again if you have any more specific questions .
subreddit guide to learning a language https www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/wiki/guide if you are new to language learning please start here .
faq https www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/wiki/faq check here first if you have any questions .
resources section https www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/wiki/resources a large list of useful resources and links to language subreddits .
if this removal is in error or you have any questions or concerns please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flanguagelearning subject=removed submission message=link to removed submission https www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/comments/vz8i2k .
you can read our moderation policy https www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/wiki/moderation_policy for more information .
a reminder failing to follow our guidelines after being warned could result in a user ban .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=t7gcguf .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think he 's a god i think he 's an incredible grappler who 's a massive lw in comparison to volk .
i think charles gamrot arman throw the belt around for the next couple of years .
but there are certain groups who make even numbers work and honestly i think gfriend really made it look good especially in the me gustas tu choreo .
yep it got fixed up alot and now it 's a good game .
i watched this last night and it rattled me to my core .
that little guy was so far out and he was terrified .
we had a couple of truancy people in my school who did n't do much and i think they made around 12 an hour in 2001-2005 when i was in high school .
but with the age there 's probably 100 little weak pinholes waiting to pop and that was the first .
ca n't be traded for a year without his consent according to woj 😮
if i ca n't grind capsule toys after i beat shenmue 1 what would be the best time to do so ?
na a hot naked lady wants me to join her .
if there is anything that resonates with skateboarding culture it is microtransactions .
that felt like a waste of half an hour .
dunno what hands on is supposed to mean here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
why the hell you bathing in doo doo water 💀
being badass isnt a job requirement unless its rowdy dogs or people already cuffed .
then its 5 mags into that mean ole dalmation .
i already answered your question you can go google it yourself then tell me what you think the answer is .
now you answer me who caused the deaths of thousands of people and destroyed the homes of millions by funding isis in syria ?
or you only care about ukraine because they 're blonde with blue eyes ?
nah this kind of sudden turn is a red flag for me .
either she does n't know what she wants or she 's playing games or she just gets off on rejection .
i would stick with the decision and see if we could stay friends .
you dont need that in your or your sons lofe .
spend more time with mil and put your mother in your past .
that is literally the definition of illegal abortion based on texas ' current laws .
there have been no new restrictions put in place since roe was overturned or since the leak of the draft decision .
it was mostly used in warheads but was used in guns rarely .
it 's extremely fast burning making it easy to over pressure and blow up guns but you can work around that if you combine it with a 'high-low ' system .
or maybe mix in something compressible into the powder .
jules verne believed it would eventually become the standard propellant for fire arms .
am new so take this with a grain of salt .
if ya have any boost left nose down-ish and boost to the ground and land holding power slide .
i try to use power slide to land most of the time helps keeps some momentum going rather than landing at a dead stop .
also if ya try to hold air roll when contacting with the ball on kick off not sure if it 's just me or not but i seem to get sent to space a lot less if i do .
i mostly get launched if i do n't flip or air roll into the ball .
you agreed to a non-refundable fare so there was no fraud involved .
the bank will side with southwest as they 've done exactly what they told you they 'd do .
i took a trip to the mighty eighth air force museum here in savannah ga as a child and was fascinated by their combat simulator that simulated a combat mission in sort of like an imax theater but in 4d with lights and wind etc .
then i decided that i would try to become a pilot in the air force but that did n't work out so now i 'm trying for the airlines .
3000 bots is an over statement now i would say it 's only 1 every 40 to 60 players and most of them are the same bots over and over again .
7-730 start na ng buildup tatagal yan hangang 830 to 9 .
everytime this has happened i just walk away and come back when i 'm ready .
i 've never had someone ignore me after that 2nd greet .
that particular object lesson was not in the manuals that i know of .
i hated it every time we got to lesson 42 where they told us young women ages 12-18 that our biggest only purpose in life was to have babies .
the lesson had this disturbing quotation from melvin ballard '' the greatest mission of woman is to give life earth-life through honorable marriage to the waiting spirits our father 's spirit children who anxiously desire to come to dwell here in this mortal state .
i found the entire idea of childbirth disturbing hell i managed to have two children and i still find it viscerally disturbing to think about ! .
to be told outright that it was my biggest only purpose in life was pretty traumatizing .
that was then followed up with lesson 43 the very next week http rikers.org/lds/manuals/yw2/43.html http rikers.org/lds/manuals/yw2/43.html it 's the one where they quote boyd packer who said that sex is the biggest reason men get married '' except for the compelling persuasion of these feelings men would be reluctant to accept the responsibility of sustaining a home and a family .
i remember that statement made me feel so very very worthless .
we young women were directly taught that men accept the responsibility of a home and family because they 're getting laid not because they actually love you or want to have a home or a family .
it was also clear that we were supposed to look pretty at all times .
spencer kimball '' i tell young women who seem to have missed their chance for desirable marriage that they should do all in their power to make themselves attractive physically .
and that if we got married and were unhappy it would definitely be our own fault ! !
if we 'd just make ourselves smiley enough and attractive enough our marriage would be magical !
gordon hinckley '' to you wives who are constantly complaining and see only the dark side of life and feel that you are unloved and unwanted look into your own hearts and minds .
you deny yourselves happiness and court misery if you constantly complain and do nothing to rectify your own faults .
rise above the shrill clamor over rights and prerogatives and walk in the quiet dignity of a daughter of god .
and you would never have to fear being abused !
only a stupid woman would hesitate to bow to her truly righteous '' husband 's demands !
spencer kimball '' a woman need have no fear of being imposed upon or of any dictatorial measures or of any improper demands when the husband is self-sacrificing and worthy .
certainly no intelligent woman would hesitate to give submission to her own truly righteous husband in everything .
we are sometimes shocked to see the wife take over the leadership naming the one to pray the place to be the things to do .
with all these teachings around the licked cupcake metaphor was inevitable .
according to their website they 're moving to the us .
the products are n't for sale yet but you can join the waitlist and get a notice when they launch .
they 're like 43 if you 're medical at earths healing in tucson .
then i 'm sure phx has even better deals sometimes
i actually really like from the stock photos the black and green version of the junior and the grey and white version of the senior .
central florida is a very tightly-packed place and in all honesty would be incredibly unsafe in the event of a zombie outbreak .
this varies greatly depending on your capabilities individual circumstances personal needs and overall situation .
i discuss the general concept of planning against fictional zombies here
i guess the best answer is to leave before the outbreak happens or fully takes effect .
this can be an option but does have a few issues .
the main ones are that you are much more likely to get stuck in traffic with all the other people that think they are leaving before the outbreak happens or takes full effect .
likewise the actual pandemic of zombies might not be as bad in your area and attempting to flee may just put yourself in a worst position .
trying to leave immediately also means you are less likely to take full advantages of potential resources knowledge and so on that might be available to you .
another thing i 've wondered— if you get infected blood on you you would likely become infected .
this depends on the style of zombie in question .
in a lot if not most zombie media blood itself does n't really do anything .
but if the particular zombie type you want to discuss is capable of infecting via any blood then any combat would be extremely dangerous .
t 's just that a zombie outbreak is easily my greatest fear and i just feel absolutely hopeless .
well zombies are n't exactly real and a apocalypse caused by zombies is extremely unlike .
also kujira is at the arasaka waterfront nc has little to say about that since it 's arasaka territory .
i was n't really thinking about who had control over which berths .
the kujira is the one ship that i 'm aware of that we know made a long trans-pacific crossing and remained in once piece .
theoretically the other ships could have been limited to running up and down the coast or something like that .
and if we 're getting into that why not go ahead and eradicate all animals ?
most have the potential to cause fatalities especially when you consider infection and other post injury complications .
humans cause more deaths among other humans than any other creatures .
as the other commenter said it 's one thing to euthanize an animal after it has caused a fatality but we do n't go around executing people because they have the potential to kill other people .
i do find it strange that he was never arrested for this .
i would imagine there were witnesses and maybe footage of the incident .
or was he indicted and given a court date ?
i hope not the case but with his military background and if the r 's have connections i hope it 's not an entitlement thing that get his misdeeds swept under the rug .
i wonder if someone could use this as a defense .
if we are using the term heartbeat then it should come from a heart .
so at what point is a heart a heart and not just that clump of cells ?
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/unexpected/comments/vzp3qk/emmanuel 32 32
if you 're interested read more here https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/vsxhvk/mod_moderator_applications !
here 's a direct link https forms.gle/lyd6abptsunubt6e9 to the application form as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
i focus on protein and veggies i want something that 's balanced with lots of nutrients and is low carb .
oh yes i want your cock inside of my mouth and you sperm deep inside of my throat daddy
when rhysand 's growls of pleasure overshadowed the sound of the dead/dying soldiers on the battlefield 😂
hello internet my name is quinn and this is blondihacks .
wanted to know for precautionary measures since we 've just fed him part of an earth worm
warlock dead artificer unconscious 1 failed save bard wish castor under 10 health moon druid find and dandy as always but almost out of spells and only one diamond left .
close clockalogy from the watch and re open it on the watch while being on the app on your phone ready to sync it that happened to me yesterday and that fixed it for me
pablo honey i have nostalgia for because i 'm old but it 's kind of poppy .
but the real bangers are on the b sides like these are my twisted words and the amazing sounds of orgy
i think that has something to do with using footage featuring retired players which is why they use recent footage instead
it does not say anything about before or after birth
definition of child a young human being below the age of puberty or below the legal age of majority
a fetus is not a toddler nor is it the same as one .
just like how a toddler isnt the same as a preteen .
a fetus is less developed as a todler but they are both clumps of cells .
a human at the earliest stages of development doesnt have organs .
its a human and alive from the moment of conception .
i gave you a compendium of scientific sources compiled and released by princeton supporting this .
id like to see any scientific literature suggest that a fetus is not a human and alive .
sperm and eggs are the ingredients to start the human life cycle .
they are not part of the humans life cycle .
well none exist so lets not use analogies anymore .
i said some fetuses can live at 5 months .
you agreed with me then acted like you caught me lying ?
it 's cheaper and you 'll likely get better quality string too .
i got a spool of the 0.08 '' because it was on sale on dto but third-party string like all accessories with ryobi is going to be better quality .
congrats on a neutral site game that was much closer to you than your opponent .
you have n't played a true away game out of conference that was n't in florida for over 30 years .
he 's not a scorer so people ca n't expect or get mad at him if he does n't he does n't average 10 or 15 a game .
you can count on him to play good defense and to make good passes .
if even your brother in law apologized i think you should go .
it will make your husband happy and give him a 'win ' he can show his family you wo n't seem vindictive and if your bil or any of your husband 's family causes problems for you there then you will have a perfect reason for always refusing to attend their events .
if it all runs smoothly or if it all falls apart you come out looking good .
if he 's asking them for money they should know that he intends on using it on drugs .
pat can be angry all he wants but that 's the drugs dictating his emotions and rationale .
even if that were remotely true and it is n't not at all !
you are suffering and you deserve to be happy .
i do n't mean to be harsh but if your parents feel that way they are failing you .
i saw a couple of super well done recreations of the washington lodge over the years so i 'm sure someone could easily do the hackett 's quarry lodge .
thanks to your dad for his service and sacrifice .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfans_promo message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfans_promo 2fcomments 2fw032jt 2fwe_are_two_hot_and_playful_girls_we_are_only 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
do n't you have a friend who could do it for you
good thing for all of us that the superstitious nonsense of revelations is exactly superstitious nonsense .
there 's a time for self-criticism and holding your own party 's feet to the fire and it is n't when they just tried to do a coup and are trying to roll civil rights back to the depression era .
my lab hated water even did not want to walk on wet grass .
i made a list of there 's of the stats of moves that are unreleased https www.reddit.com/r/thesilpharena/comments/vt4v2l/all_my_ideas_of_stats_of_unreleased_pokemon_moves
and i made gromancy a fairy type magical leaf clone to spice xerneus up
can i please get jose in a match like just one
only a doctor or dermatologist can tell you for sure
boy here but i know a lot of girls will be cruising the comments .
how do i ask a girl out that i do n't talk to often or like how do i get started talking to them ?
it 's coming back to do it again and again ...
when the alien gitai invade keiji kiriya is just one of many raw recruits shoved into a suit of battle armor and sent out to kill .
keiji dies on the battlefield only to find himself reborn each morning to fight and die again and again .
on the 158th iteration though he sees something different something out of place the female soldier known as the bitch of war .
is the bitch the key to keiji 's escape or to his final death ?
30413 books suggested i do n't feel so good.. https debugger.medium.com/goodreads-is-retiring-its-current-api-and-book-loving-developers-arent-happy-11ed764dd95 source https github.com/rodohanna/reddit-goodreads-bot
i would n't want to add a bunch of text to the front .
i know the hot pink goes well with my mouth !
the best part about this is the capital management dude who deals with capital of which most of us do not have says it 's our fault for buying stuff with all this money we apparently have then wells fargo the bank app and fidelity you know banks and credit companies the two things you use to buy houses are like that 's completely false .
got ta love people telling you what you 're doing when they have absolutely no idea .
we do n't have much info about it but considering that the ancestor made a deal with ancient things '' to get more money to go towards his ... efforts '' he also said in the intro that he exhausted whatever money he had left to uncover the darkest dungeon and used her to get the money i 'd say it was after .
again impressionable villager so it makes sense that she was uncaring towards that .
thier comment is completely neutral regarding ev you just have a hard-on for hating anything not jdm .
i do n't really have much of an opinion of the stated question .
it 's hard to give an opinion on such a broad general view on a very complex act .
oh no i totally understand that cheating '' was wrong but i believe they 're just shedding light on a few contradictions .
wrightsville beach is waiting outside in his cruiser to pull someone over for going 1 mph over the speed limit
we will pay you 5 to take these off our hands .
because it should be obvious that both of those kids would be suffering the long-term damage of what they have done to each other .
he frames it as if that is n't a given for the other kid
my shoulders are severely off and so my shirts hang off me very strangely .
so lately she has obscenely twerked up against a wall talking about her belching and pooping and now she 's hacking coughing spitting into a napkin and holding up hair covered in spit to the camera .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's frightens me that idiocy to this degree really exists .
this is the first mobile game i 've ever truly gotten into and i 'm really enjoying it so far .
the harder matches are almost like star wars chess .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/s3ml1lw9gub91.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
hell in wotlk every patch evens the playing field .
marcus smart wrote a players tribune article about his experience a couple years ago .
a woman in celtics gear called him the n word as he was driving home after a game .
there was a baseball player who talked about hearing slurs from their fans as well .
no ... .there are no germans who live in what is present-day western poland kaliningrad konigsberg the sudetenland of czechoslovakia etc .
they were completely ethnically cleansed of germans after the war ended .
all the playlist weapons adept raid weapons and adept nightfall weapons .
be careful reasonable accountability and common sense in this city generally gets labeled with undertones of racism '' when you start asking any questions in opposition to the cultivated narrative the city wants to project .
monarchism is essentially dead but imo has a better potential to be restored in comparison to creating a monarchy in a country where it 's never existed before .
one time when i went on vacation to mexico there was couple magazines at a supermarket soriana it 's like mexican walmart and i noticed one with maximilian and iturbide in it and i do n't remember exactly but it asked if they were actually good for mexico .
iturbide is still seen as a traitor according to the textbooks and maximilian to be part of an invasion .
the education system credits vicente guerrero for the treaty of cordoba and treaty of iguala often ignoring iturbide .
i would n't recommend talking about monarchism in mexico as let 's just say their spanish is very slangish and will likely laugh about it still friendly though .
one of the claimants to the throne carlos felipe de habsburgo has good potential as he gives press conferences and has a positive image and has appeared on several news articles .
my bets are if mexico wants to restore its monarchy monarchists have to settle for carlos felipe and start knocking door to door to earn votes to democratically restore the monarchy although it wo n't be an easy job to do .
if that is your only credit item not surprised at all your score is that low .
your score will climb after making more and more payments .
having that show as paid should help to a degree .
if i remember right the discover secured card is one of the few secured cards that does n't charge an annual fee .
very rare to get benefits on a secured card so there is n't really anything to compare there .
it will be virtually impossible to get a standard unsecured card for a year or so .
first i would suck it and get my pussy all wet .
then it would slide right in and we fuck 💦💦
not sure how you figure that burton started the fight ...
i ca n't say i feel bad for that team because virtually everyone in the nhl was screaming not hak !
we already got miis and they kinda are guest characters so i 'd say at least rob is likely as it falls under the same generic nintendo character not tied to a specific game franchise '' category
super gross that your parents would wake you up in the same manner .
i had to go through quite a lot of this myself growing up .
you might actually need to talk to a therapist psychiatrist or counselor .
not for the reasons your dad says you do but because of this situation and the other stress you 're going through right now .
if there is any way you can make contact with someone privately there are quite a few 'text to talk to a counselor ' services these days i would recommend going with that as i feel telling him that you would like to go to one is the start of some kind of ploy that will hurt you more .
in my case my parents used it as a reason i could n't leave them—i was n't stable enough '' in their opinion .
getting a vampire counts 4-person dlc would be really nice but god i hope they do n't add konrad .
ushoran or vorag the red duke neferata and wsoran or zacharias/melkhior should be the group so that we have each of the bloodlines covered .
putting nagash in with that group of four would also seem odd .
bottom line though i do n't want another von carstein filling a slot for vampire counts .
playing as a magicless vampire seems unappealing also though i do n't really know what mechanics he would be also so who knows .
went to our first ultrasound for our first child yesterday .
waiting the past few weeks to hear that heartbeat was super stressful to hear it yesterday was such a relief🙏
crobat and it 's gang of zubats was such a nice touch
the persona might be satire but the gains from his crypto scam sure are n't .
it is n't and that is n't the right way either .
also do n't make throwaway accounts to support deadly advice .
anyone who thinks shorting any cap is a good idea ca n't be trusted to properly insulate themselves .
i found this post to be a thoughtful reply by her https tamararubin.com/2015/02/fine
unfortunately us regulatory bodies are not valued enough by voters to be well funded .
i truly wish the fda had the capacity to address vintage kitchenware poisoning people .
i do n't understand the skepticism of the source give that numerous companies admit they used lead it 's not some conspiracy .
welcome to the club bro me bhi last week r/samaj se ban huwa
click here https www.gloriousgaming.com/pages/product-guides to contact our support team and see official product guides .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/glorious if you have any questions or concerns .
while he may not be convicted i think case in point though is that you mentioned we do know what happened and the fact that someone that is supposed to represent the people of our communities can even have the mindset to do that to another person is quite frankly scary to me .
i think the fact that this scandal is happening in the first place is embarrassing on all of them and our city but you also have to look at who 's fault it was in the first place that that 's happening .
i 'm just saying from the experienced ones ie those who have served in council some do deserve a shot at re-election .
for others though i 'm really really hoping we get some better candidates in those wards .
in the end i guess we 'll find out what type of decision to make on this when the official candidate list is released .
i 'd also like to note that no surprisingly i am not a brown supporter sure he 's done some things i 've liked since being elected mayor but after working around him in queens park i have n't really liked much about his political work since then .
i will buy if it is much cheaper than the launch msrp .
i am looking for a bat that will last long with a season ball too
i mean the only way to get better is to practice right ?
all great restaurants with beautiful presentations are run by cooks that worked to develop their art that 's all i 'm trying to do but thanks for trying to stop that 👍🏻
we have made changes to keep employees safe so response and call times may be longer than usual .
for immediate assistance check out the xfinity assistant https www.xfinity.com/xfinityassistant .
you can also use xfinity myaccount web https customer.xfinity.com ios https apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id776010987 android https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.comcast.cvs.android and xfi app ios https apps.apple.com/us/app/xfinity-xfi/id1178765645 ? ls=1 android https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.xfinity.digitalhome for product and account support .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comcast_xfinity if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promote_your_channel if you have any questions or concerns .
nad probably hemorrhoids from straining too much on the toilet .
you definitely should see a doctor though because i 'm just a rando on the internet and if i 'm wrong you could die .
if you are new to this sub or visiting from r/all please take a moment to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/cozyplaces/wiki/index wiki_1.2_constructive_criticism_vs._insulting before commenting .
we do our very best to encourage a wholesome and friendly environment here .
this sub is largely original content where people are sharing their homes for our enjoyment .
rude behaviour and being a jerk will not be tolerated .
thank you for understanding and have a cozy day !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cozyplaces if you have any questions or concerns .
mmlp2 hence why it 's currently my favorite album of his .
diatomaceous earth dude put it in all your cracks problem solved in a day
they actually do n't christi said that she was suprsied that back then she did n't make a fat joke because that 's something she would have done in the past .
they do however make fun of a lot of the fashion choices in each episode and make fun of melissa a lot but suprisingly do n't make a lot of jokes about abby that 's the part that threw me off guard .
naw first time i saw that hinox i beat the shit outta him
maybe.. having used both slings slingshots and bows i personally struggled to hit rabbit sized targets at appreciable ranges of more than 10m .
its assholes like this guy who makes the caste system go on and on
the black vote is n't leftists most consistent base .
leftists most consistent vote is youngish middle and higher class white people ... . for some very loose definitions of 'consistent ' .
i 've had anxiety since i was about 5 or 6 years old and it sucks .
it 's like when people say just stop being anxious .
oh yeah why did n't i think of that 🤡🙄
rolex uses flawless which is better than internally flawless and the colors are d-e-f. all excellent cuts .
i know this because i have inquired about some factory set pieces for my collection .
yeah right in front of her kid and she 's totally prepared cause she just saw it randomly lmao best to just call the department of wildlife in your area
lol now i 'm imagining a hidden fallout shelter type setup behind those rocks .
i seriously can not tell if this is a joke and everyone is missing it or i 'm an idiot lmao
jb hifi put your name on the list but still phone multiple
be friendly and sweet with the staff so the want to help you !
it makes sense for ted to be on the crazy side
this is n't necessarily the case it 's just that different bacteria grow when oxygen is present .
if you ever see frozen fish that says not to thaw it in the vacuum sealed bags it 's because the bacteria that causes botulism clostridium botulinum only grows without oxygen !
this post seems to be from an unverified account .
use caution when interacting with these types of users as there is no way to verify them .
please refrain from exchanging any personal information and be cautious sharing pictures .
when chatting off reddit try using anonymous chat platforms such as kik .
if you suspect this account of being malicious please pm the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bostonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
we had this in the 90 's but it was a ride at disney world .
i 'm sure some millennials remember the nightmare that existed before they converted it to a stitch ride .
faheem should have played in place of hassan ali we seem short on batting as well
2 ! rhea 's family were literally massacred and dismembered so yeah giving humans no reason to do anatomical studies on any potential nabatean corpses they find has some value here !
3 printing presses can be used to spread misinformation and war propaganda and incite the masses
she also bans oil citing that it could cause conflict and be used for destructive purposes which it literally is irl .
! the agarthans already used the nabatean technlogy once to plunge the world into an apocalpytic state that sothis had to clean up for them .
so yeah rhea has some good reason to worry about anything that could cause war and bloodshed .
you can call her a little paranoid if you want but it 's not like she did n't have actual reasons for this .
also like half the stuff she banned is unbanned by the time the game starts .
manuela has an anatomical model in her office and does an autopsy they have telescopes and like books are not treated as more important than gold so clearly they 've got some kind of press to produce and distribute them faster .
if you 'd like to receive a weekly recap of hiphopheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links send me a message with the subject 'hiphopheads ' https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=musicmirrorman subject=hiphopheads message=for 20a 20daily 20recap 2c 20make 20the 20subject 20 27hiphopheads 20daily 27 or send me a chat with the text hiphopheads
soundcloud lean chronicles rio da yung og leewayy uploaded by errol🦈 https soundcloud.com/user-108591530/lean-chronicles-rio-da-yung-og confidence 100 ''
links to search result pages amazon https music.amazon.com/search/rio+da+yung+og 2c+leewayy+lean+chronicles apple music https music.apple.com/us/search ? term=rio+da+yung+og 2c+leewayy+lean+chronicles bandcamp https bandcamp.com/search ? q=rio+da+yung+og 2c+leewayy+lean+chronicles deezer https deezer.com/search/rio 20da 20yung 20og 20leewayy 20lean 20chronicles/track soundcloud https soundcloud.com/search/sounds ? q=rio+da+yung+og 2c+leewayy+lean+chronicles spotify https open.spotify.com/search/rio 20da 20yung 20og 20leewayy 20lean 20chronicles tidal https listen.tidal.com/search ? q=rio+da+yung+og 2c+leewayy+lean+chronicles youtube music https music.youtube.com/search ? q=rio+da+yung+og 2c+leewayy+lean+chronicles
let me know the names of any other subreddits in which you want me to look for mirrors .
our own genetic line was bottlenecked at 10k humans alive at 50k .
i wonder if got their own bottleneck in the population since they extincted 80k iirc and never made it out of that period
i do n't remember the names of characters in the books i read so there 's that
there are a lot of electron pushing pathways and different bond formations you would need to know .
for different molecules different reactions occur and in ochem i call it orgo you would need to kniw why certain ones happen the way they do .
tbh for me the hardest part was to derive a pathway to get from one molecule to the other without giving you any hints as to how to do it .
yes there isnt much math but just a lot to remember and you would have to apply it .
a lot of people who had ti take orgo would agree that its the hardest chemsitry class unless its your strength .
i had a few friends who were really hood at it and helped me out .
yeah the marketing for that movie really made it seem like something was going to come at night .
but then when you see it nothing came at night .
not a single of the nights in the movie .
maybe the real thing that came at night was the friends we made along the way
they say blind people make great delivery drivers and deaf people make great telemarketers .
roe v wade was always bad law that was n't in the constitution .
it perverted our country to motivate multiple generations of women to vote around an issue that has little to do with governance .
i know people that lost their jobs over the vaccine mandates and i think it 's totally tragic and any company that engages in it is a known enemy to freedom including the one i work for .
ooh i rlly wan na go to try the dim sum !
ngl id let you tear the absolute shit outa me w those claws 🤤 they 're mad pretty .
i 'm not from california we have double white lines for our hov and another shoulder to the left of them .
or is that actually the shoulder and no one should be driving there anyways ?
without understanding what the yellow line means it 's hard to tell who or both is the actual idiot .
thanks for the advice i 'll be more careful than usual .
i feel so bad for not her folks that have to go through things they do n't deserve .
wants the entire universe to revolve around his health problems
i like this idea and i protect my friends and family whenever i can if they need and want some help of course .
it 's not to feel stronger '' it 's just to make you women feel better and safe .
what 's wrong with your smile is it gummy ?
as the other comment says it is done using motorised equatorial mounts .
we have to first align these with the axis of rotation of the earth basically aim it at a point near polaris and then let it do its work .
doing this accurately for several minutes at a large focal length requires an insane amount of precision so these mounts can get really expensive .
yeah i tend not to care about nl west drama lol .
but as a relatively unbiased observer there 's nothing wrong with saying alcantara should be the starter .
wait for more feedback but i am pretty sure the only people that would recommend this is the people making the product .
i did n't bother to take screenshots but the group is still archived for now .
happy to send you a link to a post with a lot of discussion of you want .
he bragged about having killed so many people in the military that he lost count .
he posted a picture of former green beret jason everman and pretended it was him .
wait until she hears about the csa committed by the church .
caffeine worsens my insomnia i wish i could take it to sleep !
vote spam click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_spam message=w08rkw vote approve click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_approve message=w08rkw
all this universe is pervaded by me whose form is unmanifest .
all beings are in me still i am not in them .
with the previous verse the introduction part is over .
and in the introduction krishna introduced the subject matter namely īśvara jñānam and he talked about the glory of this knowledge .
and he also talked about the most important qualification viz. śraddhaḥ or anasūya .
that alone in tamil they write anasūya and keep the name anasūya not anasūya it is anasūya anasūya is atri 's wife .
and why atri has got anasūya atrihi means na vidyate trihi yasya the one who has transcended the three .
what are the three stūla sūkṣma kāraṇa śarīra trayam the one who has transcended or you can say satva rajas and tamō guṇa the one who has transcended he will never have the problem of asuya whoever is atri his wife will be anasūya that is the symbolic significance atri and anasūya anyway that is aside and incidental .
having introduced the subject matter krishna enters the subject matter from the fourth verse and this is the central theme of the 9th chapter which begins with the 4th verse and it goes upto 10th 4th to the 10th is the main topic of the 9th chapter .
in fact one of the important portions of the entire gītā which contains the essence all the upāniṣads so krishna wants to talk about the nature of god especially the higher nature of god .
so the first definition of the higher nature of god parā prakṛti is avyaktha murthihi īśvaraḥ god in his higher nature is attributeless or formless .
the word vyaktam means indriya gōcharam indriyaihi yajyate ithi vyaktham derived from the vyanj to be revealed vyaktam means that which is perceptible to any one of the sense organs indriya gōcharam .
and avyaktam means anindriya gōcaram which means not perceptible to any sense organs if the object has got the property of the sound then it is perceptible to the sense organs viz. the ears if there is sparsa guṇa it can be known through the skin if there is rupā guṇa it is perceptible to the eyes if there is the rasa guṇa then it is perceptible to the tongue .
if it has got gandha guṇa it is perceptible to the nose lord in his higher nature is not perceptible to any sense organs means aśabda asparśam is the lord .
अशबदमसपशयमरपमवााा नथाऽरसा �नुामग्रवचा ानम । अनामान्ना महनः परा धुवा �नाा्ा न्मृुाुमुखानम पमुचानद ॥ १५॥
15 lord is free from all attributes which means if you have experienced god in any particular form then it is only the lower nature of the god krishna mūrthy rāma mūrthy etc .
means what a form which has got dark colour krishna mūrthy a form which is dark krishna was dark and draupādi is also called krishnā dark that means what there is a rupām for the lord .
that is why it was said in kenōpāniṣad if you have experienced god as an object it is only lower form of god it is certainly god that darśanam is indeed great and that bhaktha is to be congratulated but still from vēdāntic angle if you have darśanam of god then it is not the real one because kenōpāniṣad says netam yadidam upāsate .
then how do you experience the higher god higher god not an object of experience because it is free from all the attributes therefore what is the first feature of īśvara avyakta rupāḥ .
and once you understand that the lord is formless where will he be located you can not have location when will that lord come that lord can never come that lord can never go also therefore in our pūja what we do asmin haridra bimbe sumukam mahaganapathim dhyayāmi avahayāmi i invite the god and at the end
no people maybe like you i do n't know who were born lucky like the kids playing in the yards of the 5 million dollar mansions of the houses i pass going into dc or the trust fund kids with teslas most certainly did not make any decisions in their lives to secure them financial prosperity .
in 20 years all of them will be extremely well off still own more cars inherit businesses and be relatively superficially happy because the next bump of coke is only an hour or two away .
meanwhile people who are fleeced by the police for their skin colour who grow up in neighborhoods where the lack of grocery stores means they do n't get fresh produce to eat and subsequently they have nutritional deficiencies struggle to keep up in school especially while working a part time job to keep food on the family table .
their ancestors were brought here by the whites or maybe they were escaping death in another country .
the point is to have views like yours you certainly must have been brought up with an easy life where you can pass judgement about people 's choices so easily thinly veiled as innocent questions .
when i did it i called the erc first then they gave me another number to call .
i 'll also check if they changed the rule because it was always theirs immediately prior i
china builds all the crap usa sells at a premium that 's why usa is a bit larger .
lmao and who is to blame for the size of the millenial generation
twins i knew growing up said one was better at math and the other was better at english so they would go to the others class because they were the same period lol .
do n't do it public transport will be fucked and you could get stranded somewhere
i 'm definitely not going further than walking distance from home .
the game has so much potential but is made to be played one way or have a bad time .
ok..1 you cant sell it to anyone forget me number 2 500 riyals for a console that came out 22 years ago is way too much .
i can get one online but im trying to buy one locally to avoid the shipping mess and risk of getting scammed .
if i want to finish july pms i should be at work now .
he takes a while to do a lot of damage especially if you 're used to beatrix but after you build endless battle or whatever it 's called i forgot and thunder belt you should begin to see the damage racking up .
just remember to always auto attack after using a skill even in fights just keep calm and do it melts anyone that dares to come your way .
also never use skill 2 unless you have to it 's your only mobility trust me the chou player is watching you and the moment you use it he will come dashing your way like you 're a gazelle and he 's a lion
i could make out the natural part but not the second part .
lordy be.. of course it 's an oils company https www.naturalhopeherbals.com
this link should take you to the page with all of the all star shoes .
there are a few different options of ones with velcro they are not totally like the ones you 've posted about .
apparently you have to have them shipped by a third party shipper .
i will post a link the another thread that talks about this in my next comment .
200 is more than enough for an old 4x12 '' 2x15 '' whatever really .
another great reason to buy used and cheap is that op is probably just learning about their music/tone preferences and buying cheap used gear is a great way to figure out what you like without committing to something really expensive
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
i was a dumb 17 year old once and almost passed without reading the manual 🤪😅 then i did a speed read and passed easily .
no as its told in washington post article written by valerie straus albert einstein was failed on enterance exam to zurich polytechnic because of language botany and zoology section so it means that he as scientist has weakness on that section when he do the exam eventhough at that moment he has not become a scientist yet
technically speaking my ancestral homeland austronesians lived there before ch*nese
cruel and so my longing for araby gets new food .
edit fuel is the right saying i would guess after the comment under me .
i have full friendship with everyone in town except for my son .
growing up with dreams of playing professional basketball only to end up 5'5 hurts lol
there is no set criterion for height of actresses lol models are known to have a height criteria not actresses every industry has big stars who ae not tall natalie portman scarlett johansson ?
imagine your work is so garbage it makes the milla jovovich movies look like masterpieces .
one of those shows where 1/10 reviews are n't overreactions/exaggerations
it 's true sound settings in w10 is a real mess but in w11 it misses some functionalities like a real sound mixer .
where in windows 11 can i change the volume of my browser my system and my game separately ?
i just realized i have no idea what songs are from what albums .
overtake car did n't fully pass the other before entering eau rougé in my opinion i would have waited till after eau rougé and go for the overtake after ascending the hill .
100/barrel is small change after 14 years of inflation .
save it for new all time highs over 150/barrel .
deep river by harry t. burley performed by george shirley
shirley desegregated the us army choir in the early 60s and is still alive
you clearly forgot the part where it mentions that the news stations were n't reporting anything
that patella injury is just a fucking murder to anyone 's explosive capabilites .
i loved her return in s4 up to that point in fact more so than s2 but the moment he dies '' i feel they really did her dirty .
begging him not to change always felt like a bit of a slap in the face to eccleston from the writers irl and fully out of character for rose in-universe .
and then things just kept getting weirder culminating in an ending that 's such a step down from doomsday that the only thing that makes it better than clara 's for me is that she at least had some time ofscreen .
letting the doctor manipulate her for the third season finale in a row did n't feel like much of a character progression at all and was n't what i expected after all the scenes of her earlier having seemingly finally hardened and matured .
i love rose but i do n't really consider anything after turn left as canon in regards to her tbh
you do realize that the image background is mirrored down the center right ?
it 's two images stitched together to show a before/after kind of story .
would be very obvious to anyone who actually has been to one of these shrines .
that 's not relevant because you 've failed to grasp the whole point of the story being told in the image lmao .
i have so many purified pokemon that would 've been amazing for gbl but i never had any knowledge that shadow pokemon were actually good
there is no greater joy in this life and no heavier burden than being a city fan .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccercirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
your post/comment has been removed for having spoilers without using proper spoiler tags .
we suggest that our users err on the side of caution and use spoiler tags abundantly for major plot points e.g .
this applies for both currently airing and aired dramas since not everyone has watched everything .
reply to this comment once you have added appropriate spoiler tags for review by a mod .
for a more detailed tutorial on how to use spoiler tags see our spoiler tag tutorial r/kdrama/wiki/spoilertags .
thank you so much i tried looking for an instagram post or something that shows them in detail but couldnt find em but i did search for that and found a few options thanks !
i go with english so it 's easier for them to remember and google later .
i do n't know about you but it 's hard for me to remember titles in languages i do n't speak .
for me it would depend on if getting off of a bus or train briefly while going through it on public transportation necessarily counts .
if so then i 'm guessing it might be compton ca .
you 're right everyone should be aware that a uti in the elderly often mimics dementia .
i 'm actually a caregiver for the elderly and i 've worked with clients that have had a uti and the behavior is sometimes very bizarre .
one client talked to the cute animals that i had all around me she especially loved the squirrel on my shoulder .
as sweet as it was it was very alarming .
the year was 2019 as an american i had finally become disillusioned with the american sports scene .
i started watching the epl to see what all the fuss was about .
i watched enjoyed it enough but could n't really make a connection .
so i set out to finally support a club .
i did n't want to support a front runner or a bottom feeder .
i wanted a young core middle of the pack but with a real future .
my final two clubs i was going to support were arsenal and wolves .
for the last 2-3 years i 've been supporting wolves .
and this year i 've watched wolves average 1 goal match and arsenal lose important players while a young core steps up and keeps the club in contention for champions league .
so i 'm here to just say that i chose wrong .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccercirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
i would love to rip that bra of yours and then cum inside you
their argument is that if you put him in slot 1 on long events his defense increases much quicker .
that does n't mean he 'll tank against the gods turn 1 .
viv come on that second one i would keep that one as my gf profile its so fucking awesome .
with native americans they are still selling off sacred sites of native americans to mining developments and pipelines see a rise of the murders of native women .
they want to act like it 's a past than present thing
when europeans first moved across we killed off over 90 of native population through murder disease and forcing them off their land
sure he 's an idiot but that 's literally what kids are .
im glad no one on this sub wants to reproduce .
its not like they would get the opportunity either .
that lid is fucking disgusting.. id rather drink my own urine than drink from that bottle .
quite the opposite actually i prefer seeing it as a way to mock their stupid ways of thinking in their pea brain
sure but the locksmith knew he was wasting time .
maybe not aaa but its still not the sentiment of perfection that is this thread .
i wanted him to say it but yeah that 's what i 'm expecting .
go to cayala zone 4 or zone 10 that 's where the good stuff is anyways .
no but having a time limit definitely helps for me .
let 's say you 're going to work you 're not near your phone during that time nor can you pmo at work .
now after you get off work try to find something fun to do .
preferably something away from any triggers or digital entertainment .
if you have a set sleep schedule that 's great !
try to set a time limit or a do not disturb on your devices an hour before going to sleep so you have time to journal meditate or read a book .
if you feel any urges during or after that try to keep in the present moment and think about the things that you did today or in the recent past that you 're grateful for .
that may be true but the rate of altitude gain seems way faster than the rate at which you decline in altitude .
so as a player you are more inclined to press the descend button .
so instead of remaining the same altitude during a fighg most people have the problem of moving and flying high real fast .
thus cutting off all flight to descend back into a fightable altitude .
you can be boosting backwards shooting down wards at the immortal but since you keep ascending you 'll hit the altitude limit and lose control until you regain altitude .
i tried holding down the button and it would n't turn off .
given the downvotes one could assume that it is 'fringe ' but it is based on some very commonsense anarchist principles .
say that 'rights ' do exist or is inherent in the human condition .
say somebody violates your rights and you are an anarchist who are you going to run and tell ?
and if it is something outside of yourself and/or your community how is that force not the same as the coercive authority of the state that we all agree is not legitimate ?
people read all of the literature in the world but do n't have a speck of sense .
they eat them but usually they 'll hide under everything so you do n't have to worry about the isopods and the springtails are way to small for them to eat
bugs man and its not even that their usually underpowered theres just so few good designs out there for me as someone that likes cute '' things .
ribombee frosmoth are the only 2 i could ever even consider putting in a team and even they havnt made the cut in any games yet over other options .
pheromosa is nice but i wasnt waiting till that late in the game for a team member .
10 minutes into the second half and titans look good .
also critta had 20 tackles for 1 missed in origin .
recently got a power fist from gun runners for like 200 caps .
they should have put jerseys on some of the others and then arrange them so that their jerseys read 8 6 7 5 3 0 9 .
i remember people argue first phase mcu character such as iron man thor and captain america as b tier character and now people are arguing they are d tier or lower and was practically unknown ?
i 'm really tired of people trying to excuse his behavior bc of his mental health issues .
it 's a factor but it is not the cause and certainly not an excuse .
we know islanders go through mental health interviews and they chose to green light jacques bc they wanted the shock value of him being gemma 's ex .
he never should have made it into that villa so while jacques is responsible for his own actions the producers are also responsible for putting him into a situation they knew he was n't capable of handling .
depends are you currently rich to buy large amount of matic ?
i 've tried before always mess them up before they dry
subreddits to check out r/dankleft r/marchagainstnazis r/britposting r/full_news r/marxism_101 .
please be civil and obey our one golden rule tweets only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicspeopletwitter if you have any questions or concerns .
my pool is 19,500 gallons i would never drain it do you know it would costs someone 's entire yearly salary to refill it .
from my personal experience even if it is cosmetic which this is n't i 'd still walk away if it 's not something you 're willing to save with lots of money .
i got rid of a project once because the cosmetic rust was fixed only to find hidden rust later that made the car a nightmare .
i had a kat that looked exactly like gorgonzola her name was she-shu .
when i practiced with a blowgun she would get the darts that fell on the ground and bring them back to me .
when we had occasional mice she caught them and brought them to me as a gift eventually she would wait for me by the front door and would dispose of them outside .
i loved her i recieved a call to go immediately out on the road and left my girlfriend in charge of her till i got back and last she was seen with a little boy who carried her away in mountain view ca .
in nov 2003 that was the last we heard of her .
i 'm really sad about that still to this day .
she arrived yesterday they must be from the same batch .
i recommend upgrading their enclosures though.. they like to make hammocks on the top of their enclosures and you do n't want to keep destroying them every time you open it !
i have absolutely come to the feeling that we are in a simulation that 's being fed off of our brainwaves .
been happening to me for a couple of yrs now .
ibuyers own 405 homes in the region 341 of those being open door .
if i do something active after eating chocolate i start feeling sick
i feel like it should be possible with maxed trendy suits even if you do n't have the best set ups but it does sound as if your set ups are particularly bad .
are they mopping the floor with you or is it close ?
if it 's close you may be able to rng your way to victory .
do you have any food you can level them up with ?
30-40 is quite low even 40 should be pretty simple to get to .
do you have any sr swimsuits that you can max awaken for them ?
those will give some decent potentials which would probably go a long way .
9 years in a two bedroom for 1800 in glendale area .
we started at 1200 for 2br but the landlord keeps raising us every so many years .
it 's a very small apartment and it 's my husband and i with our toddler and his mom .
mostly we will be leaving by 2024 not enough space anymore .
if you have time on saturday morning go the saturday market by the river for souvenirs .
limited selection but no mass produced stuff from china .
there are some other craft markets on different days you will have to google them .
i always try to arrange my trips so i can go
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i would say seek justice but apparently they 've already done the execution .
now i see why people are so annoyed by 13 year olds in this sub .
ok i 'm bing reading this and holy sweet god mmmeeor
i 'm glad we have some sort of sbmm but man does it need a massive rethink .
in the top brackets on a map like track attack for example — there are four rows of participants when it 's early in the show .
if you start in the back row ... you pretty much need a miracle to qualify .
a perfect run with zero mistakes not even accounting for the body blocking which causes major frustration and for multiple other players to mess up .
from one side of la to the other like it 's an uber .
feel like i have a cold currently done many rapids and all were negative .
just had a pcr yesterday and it 's positive for covid .
if you have n't already take a pcr covid test .
that 's obviously what people want if it 's what 's being built and purchased .
i agree with you hoas are fucking dumb and a scam and a house with uniqueness is appealing to me but obviously not to the broader market .
i am still on my vow of silence u/itsnotspicy but thank you for the invite..good to see and hear all you guys as always !
was n't this after an employee came up to maya saying her kids were being rude/bullying other kids there ?
or doing things they were not supposed to be doing ?
in your most medium low i see nothing with the letters that would qualify for 'jb ' .
here 's ours from fjordur with the checkboxes cleared lines go green once checked .
i was deathly afraid of tampons but when i went to the beach and had a suprise visit i had to overcome it somewhat .
until i finally just took it out and tried inserting my own way instead of what was recommended and then realized i do n't know where the first one was but it was n't where it was supposed to be😭 but even in the right place i still notice it it 's just not uncomfortable most of the time .
guy gets all his catches from push offs and refs have started to key in on him doing this
you 'd want speaypaint made for use on plastics and use light grit sandpaper on the buttons so the paint adheres better .
they replaced the clutch pressure plate flywheel throw out bearing and shift fork .
it does n't matter what label you put on yourself you just like what you like .
also your parents suck if they ca n't accept their own daughter for who she is .
it 's a pretty common thing for boomers to hate autocorrect and since this sub is mostly bad boomer memes i thought thats what it was but now i 'm realizing i may have misunderstood the post so i 'm sorry yall lolllll
my mom pays for my spotify but i have been paying for it since like.. 2015-16 .
i also have had youtube premium since red came out .
i use youtube for other stuff and spotify is just music stuff for me .
use it as a stepping stone to isp or another department .
they could have at least bothered to get it voice acted
thanks that reminds me that i have a tolle book waiting to be read .
yeah i bet it takes a good hour to unpack and setup all that shit .
way too much effort put into decorating your ez up for a day at the beach .
and then they got ta pack it all up at the end of the day .
so much work into owning the libs just to be laughed at .
soo is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
there are plenty of dog friendly businesses and this lacks context .
aside from the dog not liking this much it seems pretty wholesome .
i got it but i have no clue how to get shards to craft it any help ?
its so weird to me that people often dont care about their partners during sex .
let me know if you see anything in my recent for a trade for the mewtwo
i know but you also said you felt better about last year 's team compared to this year against elite competition but this year 's team has fared better especially on the road .
even just comparing to last year you should feel better .
also this is baseball any team can beat any other in the playoffs .
contemplate life and listen to bury the light while detangling my curly hair and combing out loose strands and dandruff buildup with the occasional sigh when reviewing the day 's scheduled events ...
to be fair it 's a vulnerable time for myself to just vent out what 's needed mentally and then get back to whatever problems the day has for me .
it really is a toss up between 2 3 and 4 for me .
i was too young when ratm was really big but i 've fallen in love with their music and their general view on things .
that one single minion that sidestepped and ate the double bomb waiting for danny 's tp saved eg 's ass that fight .
so far in my life i have only really liked social democracy and ideas left of that .
but i am painfully undecided on my more specific opinions .
people think i do n't dare voice my opinions but i am of the philosophy that it is unnecessary for someone like me who does n't care much for politics to have decided upon opinions .
small town no colleges nearby and a career college opened .
long story short i just finished paying off my 40,000 loan with 8 interest
i would n't personally experiment with rope play until you 've experimented with more basic restraints and just the fundamentals of a scene .
do your research on rope play and proceed with a lot of communication .
cuff sets are a safe easy place to start between now and then .
how in the world do the bears get a freaking rayquaza when ursaring/ursaluna exists ?
snow report currently down to 150m which means i can see it from my house and watching cars drive past covered in snow .
it looks like your post is missing the correct title format .
ex 21 r4r location let 's go out for drinks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/losangelespersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
never actually read the comics for this universe i know they exist but i have no idea where to get them so i never actually knew that .
you 've failed to establish that just being a human organism means it has some right to never be killed ever .
a human being has some right to not be killed ever given that they do n't do something that justifies their execution .
i 'm a human being and i have that right .
do n't need to if you think i need to then right back at you prove that you have that right .
including medication abortions where you just expel it from your uterine lining ? ''
usage of said medication is something that i do .
since the zef is n't responsible for causing harm that justifies killing it in self-defense ''
murder is not simply causing death no matter how indirectly '' .
as i mentioned how it does that above . ''
murder is not simply causing death no matter how indirectly '' .
so tell me do you think medication that expel the zef is n't a direct cause to it 's death ?
because that 's like saying taking a fish out of water until it suffocates is n't killing that fish .
again and again it 's not an argument with an expiration date .
as long as i explained the relation then it 's a viable example .
if you need a refresher on the holes in that argument you can go back and reread my comments .
just because someone has sex which might lead to an egg getting fertilized which might lead to it burrowing into her uterine lining does n't mean she owes it anything .
all events in this whole universe the apple falls because i let it go from my hand and gravity exists .
if i did n't let it from my hand it would n't have fallen .
which means everything that happens has a cause and pregnancy is caused by sex
if i shoot someone and they died i killed them .
even though a pistol shot does n't kill 100 of the time .
which means if i did something that caused a situation i 'm responsible for it no matter how slim the chances of it actually happening are
i already told you the hole in your argument here .
if i shoot someone and they died am i responsible for their death ?
even though the chance of their death is n't 100 and the bullet may hit a vital organ that may
do i need to worry abuot it since i got biopsy at younger age ?
i dont have any history of breast caner in my family so im worried if the procedure affected me negatively
double sleeved is probably better for play vs storage .
with the following lines when it 's '92 as opposed to '94 .
i 've noticed most music related me 's happen with singers musicians/rappers who have passed .
which makes the me unverifiable with the sources creator .
examples like prince 's let 's go crazy etc .
dude 's just flexing and likely trying to get a reaction out of folks .
most of us hikers in the us are lefty hippies who do n't like guns .
las tritón doble crema le ganan a toda su competencia actual antes las great value eran las mejores para mí pero no he visto hace tiempo
remember when they were saying get the shot and you do n't need to worry about getting covid”.. and the gem breakthrough cases are extremely extremely rare ...
does this mean i get to buy more containers ?
even in that case that clause is null and void .
there have been so many rulings that normal household activities like showering or washing clothes can not be prohibited in these types of contracts .
people have been cured from inoperable fatal brain cancer .
if your doctor 's ca n't give you any hope find clinical trials .
pm me and we could meet at a library .
i 'll help you apply for medicaid and other assistance to cover food and medical and anything else i can dig up that could help you .
i do agree with a lot of what you are saying .
but i do n't belive these people are stupid .
if the way to make more money on adaptations would be to stay loyal to the fans and source material they would do it .
my guess is that they realized fans will still watch and complain but they reach a broader audience .
im still as upset as the next guy though .
what 's the eyeball one that has a sticker mentioning uncharted ?
🤍🤍🤍🤍 thank you definitely taking it slow and so appreciate the endorsement of that approach and of ottbs .
we have the automod comment on every post to help with some common questions and clarify rules .
first off you can find our rules here https www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/about/rules and an extended explanation of them here https www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/wiki/rulesexplained .
frequent topics/questions fresh off the stagecoach advice/questions thread https www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/search ? q=fresh+off+the+stagecoach sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all weekly rage thread https www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/search ? q=foolish+mortals.+you+rage+and+struggle+for+nothing 21 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all weekly theorycrafting thread https www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/search ? q=weekly+theorycrafting+discussion restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all subreddit wiki guides/advice https www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/wiki modding-related resources https www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/wiki/modding
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkestdungeon if you have any questions or concerns .
wan na see the full vid that led to this cumshot ?
you 're either totally and completely missing what people are saying or do n't understand what irony means .
it would be ironic if people were saying she 'd looked better in a liyue style because she 'd fit in better with design and culture .
that would make it ironic because she explicitly says thats why she does her hair this way .
however that 's not what is being said by the community .
they are just talking in a vacuum how much better/well designed and suited her hair is to the character design .
it is just a fact that is is better .
if you actually read what is being written by both the community and in game its not ironic at all .
stop trying to stir up drama where there is n't any .
the gambit ornament was ez just those fucking chests ... ugh ...
yeah pc only but if u want a simaler look put the modern day hood on with the raven clan set
xbox and pc are niche thete and that 's very likely not changing anytime soon and the switch ca n't handle the highest end games
you need to set up surveillance on your properties pronto .
you guys only fight due to whatever made you guys want to fight in the first place and that needs to stop.
yo you can say that exit took a turn for the worse
the classic saying is the best way to a man 's heart is through is stomach which i would definitely say is true !
i think you 'll be fine typically when you 're ready to go into fruiting conditions you 'd mist like you said to encourage pins to grow and then when they do show up then you switch to the walls and lid .
also to say you can get a mini filtered air fogger along with a cheap dual temperature/humidity reader and a repeating timer to dial in the right humidity if you 're wanting to automate your misting .
misting your tubs manually is n't hard to do but a lazy approach/mini project can be fun .
rarely entire movies but i use some scenes for stimming i figured it out only after getting diagnosed .
imagine carrying shit in a pickup instead of on your back .
no use switching to something that your squad is n't really capable of doing at a high level .
if you are using a gegenpress you can even just scale back the aggression a bit and possibly find some success .
it does n't have to be a complete changeover .
the man wrote almost half the books on that list .
i think the one thing to understand is that the relationship you thought you had with him is over .
what shape your relationship now takes is something that you firstly have to decide whether to persist with reconcile is the technical term and if so in what shape it is going to be .
one major mistake that people make is to not use their support network for fear of how it will color '' peoples attitudes towards your partner .
can i just say that this is not and should not be your concern .
you are preventing people from helping you for fear of how they 'll see him ?
he has to make good by you anyway so he can also make good to others who know him .
nothing provides clarity than knowing everyone knows you cheated on your partner and if that sucks for him the so be it .
but if he has to fix it with you he can also fix it with them .
again that 's his problem and not yours so get that support happening .
he made this mess so he ca n't complain that he made things messy now can he ?
your job now is to see firstly whether it is worth rebuilding .
look at everything every facet of it and ask yourself is this really worth the effort ? '' .
was this a once off or just another episode in an endless litany of man-child carrying-on ?
because reconciling is going to take effort emotional and mental .
you may find your bedroom dies a sad and lonely death as you find yourself just thinking urgh '' when it comes to having anything sexy time with him .
you 'll find yourself comparing yourself to nubile miss 19yo and her perky tits and tight butt and nothing shuts down a libido like that happy little mental image .
do you know the full story or just the santised pg rated one he thinks will get him off the hook easily ?
and in this there are two things you really really need to understand .
they are i that cheaters lie and ii adults do n't make out they fuck .
if his story changes ever so slightly over time he is giving you the trickle truth version .
want the facts make him write out a time line of what happened .
no matter how small no matter how hurtful you want it and you want it all .
well how can you forgive someone if you have no frigging idea what it is you are forgiving ?
did he have a quick peck on the cheek with young miss perky tits or did he have a wild coke filled swing from the rafters session ?
op you have a horrible road ahead of you and it may not even be worth traveling on .
if it was an illicit kiss after a few too many yeah you may find your way to forgive .
if it was unprotected wild monkey sex with young miss is passed around at every convention and collects fun and unique communicable sexually transmitted diseases '' then you have more problems that may be insurmountable .
demand he do a std check and if you guys have had sex since he got back off you go as well .
remember cheaters lie and adults especially drunk and horny ones have sex .
that is your default position in this and it 's his job to prove he is n't and he did n't .
which is kinda hard but that 's what makes these things suck so much .
anyway you have a lot on your plate now lots of thinking to do and lots of crystal ball gazing .
welcome to the club that no one wants to be a member of .
ceramic and glass does not go well together just a light tap is enough to break the glass .
source lots of posts from r/pcmasterace about broken tempered glass side panels .
i 'd rather have dorit stay and crystal go .
this is to curb unnecessary discussion and low-effort responses .
if you would like to contact the op u/remarkable_button_99 please pm or chat with them .
ops who wish to enable comments and accept low effort responses may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
please check this post https www.reddit.com/r/r4rindia/comments/pgjbxs/final_update_changes_and_important_links for more details and try posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4rindia if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the reason that chess is popular is that it is just the most accessible accessible way to learn .
the game is very forgiving and the only way to get good at it is to play the game .
i would n't expect to find a lot of new players who are good at chess to come out of it just because its so easy .
i 'd rather have a good player at chess because i can do everything else in life and focus on his practice and knowledge .
i have a feeling it could be the same person s involved as i believe those apart of the roseneath ones were never caught and were all vacant or properties not in use .
thus would have made sense and it would be cool .
if it was n't being reworked so now germany does n't go into a civil war but a power struggle
from the movie anchorman well that escalated quickly comes a few lines before i saw that .
brick killed a guy. during a scene where there had been a classic news team fight to the death in a park .
a mixture of assuming you 'd seen it and bad quoting on my party but very worth a watch if you are n't aware of it and like kind of stupid comedies .
if you have n't tried searching please delete your request and search the sub first .
here are some tips on how to search https www.reddit.com/r/romancebooks/comments/sf6sdm/how_to_search_rromancebooks_just_the_tips
click the 127752 magic search button https www.google.com/search ? q=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks oq=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks aqs=chrome..69i57j69i58.1126j0j1 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 which will take you to a google webpage .
type your search term a simple keyword works best where it says site reddit.com/r/romancebooks https www.google.com/search ? q=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks oq=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks aqs=chrome..69i57j69i58.1126j0j1 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 .
for example for friends to lovers it will look like site reddit.com/r/romancebooks friends to lovers https www.google.com/search ? ei=l4b0x-acn8ey5nop7damwao q=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks+friends+to+lovers oq=site 3areddit.com 2fr 2fromancebooks+friends+to+lovers gs_lcp=chntb2jpbgutz3dzlxdpei1zzxjweamyaggpuluhwosxyoiyaabwahgagafiiageb5ibaje3maeaoaebwaeb sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-serp
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/romancebooks if you have any questions or concerns .
then lets you in and voila a few in game days and in full gear .
dew it its so cool this game has crazy attention to detail the horses shit like in red dead 2 .
i suppose definition was n't the right word to use since the definition of a villain is n't completely hard and cut .
the definition i gave fits the word antagonist more i suppose .
it 's a hard line to draw between the 2 categories .
future information may change the way the way you look at his past actions however he was a villain till that point the point being when itachi 's past is revealed by tobi in the series .
there was nothing to establish him as not being a villain before that .
even the hints given are those which villains may show .
that 's what makes good villains for the most part .
as i said a very complex villain but a villain nonetheless .
another example would be reiner from aot he is a villain till season 4 comes around and now he is n't .
take zuko a villain for book 1 and much of book 2 but not one for book 3 .
from naruto itself take nagato or obito nagato is a better example i think .
ultraman has many siblings thanks to toy company and every boychild has his ultraman of his generation .
do take into account it will probably be difficult to rent here due to housing shortage .
expect up to 4,5x rent as a gross income demand second income in family counting half .
it has been removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/manokitty1/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
please note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18f if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't often try to tell others what 's normal '' but talking about past encounters at that great a level of detail during the first date is pretty low-class .
i feel like a lot of times problems like this one exist because we were n't quite firm enough .
i wonder if the next time she starts you get an incredulous look on your face and cut her off hey man enough with these stories ! ''
or a good ol ' why are you telling me this ? ? ''
either way it 's time to gently yet firmly push back and send the message that you 're done hearing this shit .
no i 'm not i just do n't want to hear these things ! ''
oh man i used to ride this guy and get his legs shaking so bad ... ! ''
that said ... do listen to what she 's telling you .
did ... did she say she used to cheat ?
might be wise to pop in with a question about some of that damn so you 're the cheating type ?
lastly i 'll say this not everyone is for partnering .
make sure you are n't trying to partner with someone who should only be for sex .
i am aware that i did not answer your question and you might be aware already..
i just gave it a try with an alcohol rubbing pad and a very soft microfiber cloth and it made the slab look spotless 👌🏼 .
i have other slabs that are very scratched that i 'm willing to try and use that solution for .
if i 'm not mistaken i think cgc does n't have any uv protection anyways .
think it 'd be better to post your rates here
why are n't they on the snkrs app in sweden they were there yesterday and on friday
latency is n't an issue i do n't do any recording here purely mixing
esh this should have been a discussion not done behind the grown woman 's back .
and the daughter sucks for having such an entitled shit fit over a room she does n't occupy most of the year .
the fact that his parents are to mostly blame for how he turned out .
this was a severely autistic kid who could n't be in common core education .
a kid who was never taught right or wrong a kid who got to escape consequences of disrupting the peace in public and being a shit person in general because poor autistic kid that does n't know any better .
this is a kid who has never been able to have genuine friendships or keep any because he does n't know how to have genuine conversations or not be an asshole .
this is someone who is not mentally able to process the fact they need to get a job provide for themself and not always need mommy and daddy .
completely ignore their kids problems and let him be a kid forever .
while his parents were also too old to be having kids it 's also incredibly selfish they chose to start a new family while having families from their previous marriages while clearly not doing a better job with the new one .
people past 45 who decide to have children are just not emotionally available to raise children from ground up and to top it off a child with a disability they do n't understand .
there are plenty of kids who have narcissistic parents that are more grounded in reality than chris or manage to escape their parents .
but this also someone who 's too far gone mentally due to untreated mental illness and lack of morality .
who 's now a sex crazed mentally 10 year old who 's become an infamous internet laughing stock due to their helplessness and to top off the whole shitshow in jail for raping his mom .
lgd and rng should be safe they are attending saudi tournament and i 'd guess they will go to us straight after .
the way they look each other on stage lmao 🙂
oh u should try it 😉 it feels amazing to him
do n't merc him on the spot for that i feel like doom would see that as unwise/unnecessary .
make the character do something detrimental first like a gus killing victor sort of thing
i understand doom has acted rashly when his ego is hurt but i feel like it would be a better rendition if he did n't
while your comment seemed a bit dramatic to me at first i would also react like that considering that gaming setups cost quite a lot .
not only the cost but acquiring tbe right parts is also a headache
seeing your setup broken in front of you for some mundane excuse would make anyone extremely mad .
i 'd be afraid you 'd melt it 's a no from me .
his grandfather was the architect of a lot of those war crimes .
when japan elected abe that would have been similar to germany electing himmler 's grandkid .
i understand but i ll be living in a dorm room with 3 other people which is very small in my country i dont think i ll be able to have that much space .
but i ll give it a second thought and see .
i 'll have to be one of the people that agrees with you .
although the scooter kid is more so in the wrong .
his scooter can cause great hard as we see here .
now its easy to sign in with google rather than facey and oops fuck im locked in a different ecosystem now .
they do n't come in gold you can pick either gold or silver
olivenöl enthält nennenswerte mengen an freien fettsäuren die wie ein emulgator funktionieren .
das es an der oberfläche schwimmt ist nur der eindruck den man mit bescheidenen menschenaugen hat .
ja tut es bei kaltem stillen wasser aber nicht bei blubbernd kochendem wasser wo zumindest ein teil davon dispergiert im wasser vorliegt .
do n't know why it 's uploaded quality is n't good although i uploaded 1080p video .
the problem are the humans and the dog reacts to them .
there 's a really interesting thread https www.reddit.com/r/youngroyals/comments/w0pcnb/question_about_real_swedish_monarchy_succession here right now about the swedish monarchy and how things could play out .
yes i would tend to agree that perfection matches perfection 🤔
according to my 3 minutes of solid research this must have happened in india .
or a safari park or some shit and totally done by humans .
we would like to remind any new users that r/dykesgonewild is a subreddit for lesbian bisexual and queer women to share nsfw pictures of themselves and to admire each other .
in the wide wonderful landscape of the many gonewild subreddits this is the only one exclusively made for queer women .
we ask that those of you who are outside this subreddit 's purpose please be understanding of the space we are trying to make .
new lesbian/bi users a big gay welcome to our community !
and if you 're worried about staying safe fake accounts or receiving unwanted messages ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dykesgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
you are actually the one with multiple accounts and we have proof of this .
if you 're eating to the point wereby all you do is snack eating overpriced empty '' calories is n't going to save you from being overweight or unhealthy .
this push to make food have no calories or basically little to no actual sustenance is more treating the symptom and not the cause likely for the benefit of the corporations that manufacturer it and encourages destructive behaviors in the first place .
in fact it 'll probably worsen the problem as unititively their body will crave some actual calorific content .
if anything it just makes the ones who make this shit richer .
i saw nothing in your original post that indicated immaturity or a lack of consideration for risk .
i suspect this person 's comment had something to do with them and their own perception of sex or a straight forward misunderstanding .
😁 there 's all kinds of stuff you can engage in .
dating apps might be a good place to start if you are totally open and honest about what you are looking for .
there 's also sex tourism amsterdam is a very sex positive city and you can see live sex shows and things like that .
i once had a tantric massage at a place in bristol which is a full body massage aimed at proper muscle relaxation paired with stimulating erogenous zones and creating a full tantric sexual experience .
i 'd suggest researching this and expecting it to be expensive .
it 's an art there 's cheap places that will jack you off after a massage but it 's kind of sleazy and not a real sexual experience .
if you remain open to these kinds of things and keep it in mind the opportunities will present themselves to you .
depending on your disposition you may want to do some dom/sub play .
if you do want to then there 's lots of resources online about that kind of thing and also bespoke dating sites .
if you do go down that route go cautiously and do n't rush into it .
have the conversation with the other person/people so that everyone knows what is going to happen and what your boundaries are .
sex in front of other people there are clubs where you can do that if you look ... .there 's really no end to the list .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/thickthighs r/stripchatcam r/chaturbatecam r/camwhoresofficial r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothiss if you have any questions or concerns .
my timehop reminded me today that it 's been 9 years .
her sister 's tiktok showed up on my fyp about her baby boy and someone immediately started cutting onions !
johnson was born in the us and the family moved back and forth between there and the uk when he was young .
i would hope the goal of housing targets is to get houses built not economic growth .
while it 's an inherent side effect she seems rather confused about what the purpose of housing targets are !
and since they 're never met they do seem rather pointless under this administration but they 're not inherently a bad idea !
from a feminist perspective i have no opinion at all as i do n't believe smoking has anything to do with feminism .
from a more generalised perspective it 's an obviously dirty habit that should be curbed and how seriously it can impact the health of yourself and those around you is well known .
but i strongly believe that it should n't be made outright illegal as that would infringe on peoples right to bodily autonomy and simply to enjoy something even if it is bad for them .
i do n't believe an ideal society would see people smoke or drink in the sheer numbers that they do but i understand we do n't live in an ideal society and that these are guilty pleasures that people use to get through life .
i hate you i hope you find a spider in your favorite drink .
to add to this that 's actually a pretty enviable plan compared to what many are offered .
não é jargão não você pode pesquisar mais sobre países do eixo norte capitalista e como o estado de bem estar social deles depende da exploração do terceiro mundo .
mas o capitalismo americano depende de outros países estarem dentro do capitalismo .
se eles não dependessem tanto desses outros países eles não fariam guerra com países que optam por um sistema econômico não capitalista .
os eua poderiam simples ignorar e continuar crescendo já que funciona perfeitamente independente dos outros .
o pleno emprego na indústria e na cidade fortalece o mercado interno e retorna o fluxo migratório da campo para a cidade .
fortalece nossa economia empresas nacionais começam a exportar para países vizinhos e está feita a cagada para quem quer commodities e alimentos baratos do brasil .
o próprio presidente do itaú falou que a taxa de desemprego em 11 é o ideal para o brasil pois dá um estoque '' de possíveis empregados aceitando trabalhar por condições piores .
wicking clothes are a type of thin stretchy fabric that pulls the sweat away from the skin allowing it to dry .
most sporting good stores will have some in the clothing section and they 'll be labelled as wicking . ''
i get mine at walmart because they 're about 1/3 the price there .
and so would a classic car with a steel bumper .
we changed the design standards because something is going to absorb the impact .
so it 's your call if you 'd rather it be your body absorbing it versus the crumpled bumper that the jeep originally came with .
... and insurance is just gon na buy you another jeep or range rover but they ca n't undo your back/neck pain .
drivers can only drive 11 hours in a 14 hour period .
all that time loading and unloading does n't count towards the 11 of driving .
i did n't haul fuel but i did drive for a couple years .
i rerely worked less than 13 hours a day .
meanwhile the fed balance sheet still exists ... ... .
if this post fits the purpose of r/centaurgirls upvote this comment !
if this post does not fit the subreddit downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules downvote this comment and report the post !
this is 100 the fault of the restaurant staff .
hardly would fly as no ones fault to anyone in serbia .
an apology is the least they should 've expected .
aj iskreno tebi to da se desi u izlasku kao ništa oprostio bi im tek tako ?
i am defo going to start freezing the leftovers !
grab the starter set and a set of dice per player .
if you all enjoy it then start looking at the core books players handbook dungeon masters guide and monster manual .
i 've got a full set of paper miniatures for it here too www.papergolems.com
tbh every single world in arc 1 is lowkey like that .
that 's what i was going for but i ca n't draw middle fingers for the life of me they always send that god damn image
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funnyanimals if you have any questions or concerns .
this looks even better than the pre rendered cutscenes in project diva f 2nd !
if you 're not gon na be in until september i 'd say just hold off until spring .
term limits does n't solve the problem of the fact that they can both invest mostly freely and control the variables that determine whether their investments thrive while they are in office .
if anything it incentivizes them to do this more frequently and faster while they have their shot .
we literally need better rules that prevent politicians and their families from managing their own investments regardless of how long they serve .
since we do n't own the producer how would my system know what messages are missed ?
for example their producer could be down or some exceptions on their side because of some data issues and ultimately the messages does n't get dropped
this should n't be a you problem this is a them problem and it 's their responsibility to redrive .
should i build another system that explicitly only checks the updated time on the objects and verifies that both places have the same updateddatetime ?
what if another system changes twice but 1 message fails and the second succeeds so you do n't know that you missed a message ?
i mean yeah anyone who enjoys enforcing policy at the expense of others has probably had their soul sucked away long ago at a customer service job .
anyone who still remembers what it 's like to be a human knows that businesses wo n't do anything if you do n't keep calling and escalating your issue .
everyone laughing at the karen will end up being that person on the other end of the phone getting screwed and wo n't care about a manager meeting .
just do n't be one of those people who travel around zirax territory then complain they get shot at .
i ca n't figure out if there 's an overline option without underscoring the line above .
if this submission makes you go hol'up '' upvote this comment !
if this submission does not make you go hol'up '' downvote this comment !
whilst you 're here u/lifesapancakeflipit why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/holup or play on our public minecraft server https discord.gg/dtqsds8c3t ?
pfffttttt yeah i 've done my research and you 're blind listening to cnn ... lol ok dude .
i was bullied pretty badly at work when i lost a bunch of weight 10 years ago .
a group of women started making comments about my weight and my appearance in general and started a rumor that i was an addict .
i had n't even lost it on purpose it was a combination of an autoimmune disease and abuse at home .
i 've linked instructions for sensate focus exercises below .
i think they could really be a game changer if you and your partner are open to doing them .
these exercises forbid trying to orgasm so that would take the pressure off that you 're feeling around cumming .
side note i wonder why my comment is getting downvoted .
well if anyone wants to tell me what 's offensive about it feel free .
honestly it takes real guts to go up to a group alone and just introduce yourself regardless of you being gay or not .
i have a friend who moved from america who came here to the uk a few years ago who went out every weekend and just striked up a conversations with different groups of people at various pubs until he found one that stuck .
not sure how he found the courage to do that but we 've been friends for like 5-6 years now .
i think you just have to preservere through any awkwardness and hope someone in the group offers you an olive branch .
if not be ready to move on and do n't let it knock you .
an internship gotten thru connections may not even help him that much .
when i first wanted to do youtube i still do it 's just gon na take a while to get a good setup my character was a robot named blippity .
then i kinda just used it as my username for everything and my friends started calling me that in person
he needs a hobby out there but not sure what
man i 'm right here with you but we need people out and players out who are n't willing to fight for the badge .
too many players walking around like they do n't give a crap !
omg that story always struck me as extremely fucked up even when i was deeeeep in the religious mindset and culture .
like you really wanted to see if this dude would murder his own son .
what the actual fuck is wrong with this god ''
i saw a car that was diarrhea green at the grocery store yesterday it was funny
i 've just used 1:1 when i have n't wanted to buy a bunch of stuff and the results are usually edible but nothing to write home about .
this blog has a good explanation of the whole business under the myth of a cup for cup gluten free flour blend and some hacks for altering blends .
it looks good but you need to pick a different character
this reminds me of the way parental figures talk to their kids it 's heartwarming in a way it reminds me of my own childhood .
you do realize that windows 11 probably shares over 90 of it 's source code with nt4.0
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
japanese do n't just have just one set of characters to learn .
katakana hiragana and kanji which is based on chinese characters .
kanji is the hardest because chinese characters are busier and more elaborate .
oh and there is also a 4th romanji which is the easiest because it is based off of latin script .
i ca n't and do n't claim to speak for my 'side ' whatever you think that is .
neither side of the aisle is actually strict on crime .
it 's a pipe dream all the way around .
as for the public building thing it 's not like these idiots just decided to go to the museum .
if you do n't see the difference between the circumstances of one vs the other i do n't know how to help you .
it 's a public building is disingenuous at best .
'just walking around ' is completely delusional to anyone who actually saw what happened .
regardless of what you believe the goal was these people were not 'just walking around ' .
also as for whether i think this is worse than shoplifting ... abso-fucking-lutely .
we all gather on sunday after a long weekend of gathering for the big raid .
we have this neighbour and his 3 friends in a sniper tower and we go in with 9 full kit aks on rustopia main to raid these toxic players .
we are all running in and very disorganized trying to build a raid base and all looking at each other .
man with double barrel shotgun comes in from a rock and kills our boy with rocket launcher .
man grabs launcher and shoots it at the ground killing all 9 of us instantly .
sniper neighbour proceeds to kill us as we attempt a comeback .
you used the item 'bow of grossly unbalanced combat ' and did 15 extra havoc damage .
your bow of grossly unbalanced combat has 15 uses remaining .
mine just says full cromoly but i thought 720s had the high tensile fork so i was n't sure if it was original
i read them on kindle so i had no idea they were so long o
honestly baffled how they have n't released that it 's just a 1/4 mark 3 recolor .
never said you decided but okay you do you casual fan
looks like you had a lot of fun doing that
yeah everyone assumed that there would be a billion cameos like deadpool and tobey like what ? ? ?
cameos do not determine whether a movie is good or not
haha but kidding aside you can always send me a dm whenever you need someone to talk to .
hello former ice dancer i 'm a former freestyle skater and ice dancer !
started at 4 quit at 18 senior free/pre-gold dance .
found out about adult skating after that and competed in freestyle from 38-44 .
would like to go back but i 'm now 55 and have n't been out there in 5 years gained weight making it a bit dangerous .
anyway if i do skate with others i 'm going to do stuff that 's fun for me not for whoever else is there .
from july exams historically i believe 65 correct is about 55th percentile about 145 scaled score .
125 is about 19th percentile and 120 is 11th percentile .
another datapoint is someone posted on reddit that they got a 28/48 which is about 58 which comes out to 3.5 out of 6 and that was a 148.9 for july ube .
so i 'm gon na guess like you need an average of 2 maybe 2.5
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
he is hoping for a 1 maybe a 2 but i got news for him that true number would be in the thousands and i am one more of them
my man said £800 on one of the most important days of his life .
i bought a ps5 bundle and a monitor for the same price like shit .
well ... i looked it up in the internet but onve i saw it i remembered that i already installed it
if you want a fun example of how this plays out ...
it often got shortened to yeshu as a nickname .
but the greeks did n't have a sh sound so that got swapped for an s plus by their conventions it needed an s on the end to become masculine .
then another translation quirk caused that y to switch for a j when written down and 2000 years later yeshuah is called jesus .
mou with kdb was not like that and his account of the situation is out there .
i agree with the rest of your comment though .
wow the amount of times they 've foreshawed kim behind bars ...
the part where lalo tells her..hold on ..you 're gon na need your shoes.. notice the lighting when kim looks confused and then walks into partial blinds shadow into a full shadow with the blind pattern .
somehow this decision to send her to shoot gus will end up being the reason she goes to prison .
can anyone share those pics here i do n't know how to add in the comments
yeah i was wondering how long he 'll be gone but this was just some guy i was seeing not my husband .
i guess maybe he does n't even know so i 've just been doing my own thing
scouts is turning more and more into a swarm deck .
demacia allegience decks are swarum decks and they have been meta at the start of the game .
demacia bc swarm has been a thing and was swiftly nerfed .
you ca n't just pretend demacia is n't a swarm region because of selective memory .
whqt do you mwan you can buy it in shops thats more than decriminalized
not an actual area made by me to fill the space
i 'd milk those tits like you were a cow
and i recorded the full flip through as well .
harry potter the philospher 's stone minalima edition https youtu.be/za1oebox_4o
testosterone is the basis they use in regulating sports .
i do n't agree with that aspect at all but that is how it 's judged .
i personally think there 's several factors that affect athleticism and genitalia is not one of them
they 're giving out crazy deals on returned phones for s22 's .
i got a ultra 512 with a stylus and it only raised my bill 8 mo .
let 's assume that my ignorance is the problem is being sent to hell for eternity or its equivalence really a fair punishment for it ?
i do believe most people want to be good to others and be decent regardless of religion .
being punished for ignorance is not the deed of a fair god
sure if she just got a buzzcut it 'd be a sensation too because she was one of the most famous singers back then no shade towards halsey but would the mainstream even notice that she changed her haircut let alone care ?
i do n't mean that she 's totally unknown but there 's no comparison to early 2000s britney and she also had that hot very feminine image the entire time .
and nearly 20 years ago beauty standards for women were stricter than they are now .
but the reason this moment was as big as it was is not all that related to the way she looked .
there are a lot of paparazzi photos from that period documenting her shaving her own head after a hairdresser refused to do it iirc and then attacking the paparazzi and a car with an umbrella .
these photos are very sad to look at and they were everywhere .
i 'm sure they made a fortune off them .
for the general public this event became the start of britney 's downfall .
i did n't make the cut for the three year evaluation and completely forgot about it until yr9
i do n't think this is a big deal at all she just seems sex positive and open .
if she actually wants to partake in incest that 's obviously a red flag but incest porn is pretty standard imo and i 'm a female that also watches it .
i had kids when i was 20 bud nice try tho .
and fyi literally next to everyone at 30 has kids.. if having a baby mom aka kids is n't attractive good luck finding a partner at 30-40 who does n't have kids .
so odd people do n't like kids when i 've been dating women with kids since i was 17 lol
do not delete solved posts or unsolved posts that contain useful info in regards to the unsolved post .
make sure to atleast use saucenao before you ask for help read our guide https www.reddit.com/r/hentaisource/wiki/guides/saucenao for more details .
we also have guides to help you find hanime thumbnails https www.reddit.com/r/hentaisource/wiki/guides/hanime hentaipros ads .
due to our title format you can use reddit search https www.reddit.com/r/hentaisource/wiki/postinghelp/redditsearch to help you .
proper way to provide a source on the subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/hentaisource/wiki/postinghelp/providesources rule 9
sources for art used on the subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/hentaisource/wiki/index wiki_faq
you can find more info in regards to the subreddit on our wiki .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hentaisource if you have any questions or concerns .
i just murdered him as sorcerer at lvl 150 did n't use and holy affinity and focused bolt nor the periapts only bolide miasma and gicel got fucked🤣 my pawns though were amazing as 2 striders and a sorcerer main pawn .
i did some lurking i think the insta handle is bec.artc
r/camgirlshelp a subreddit dedicated to camgirls and their fans .
r/xlove a cozy subreddit about xlovecam models and their customers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/camgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
r/turkishchicks e basan 38 kişi kınıyorum ve en yakın zamanda cezalarını çekilmesini arz ediyorum .
ymir 's c-skill just makes my head hurt thinking about dealing with whale level ar-ds .
not just ar-ds but imagine her showing up in grand conquest and stuff ... aiyayayay ...
i understand where you 're coming from however i 'm not saying it over mistakes and behaviours that i 've been told not to do as far as i know..
i do understand how it could be annoying but would someone would tell me instead of being passive aggressive with an email .
now he needs to be blessed with pulling her too p
but you will be going the journey of water .
yes the rist is even higher if they dont or arent accepted
i 've never seen anyone pull french vanillas/hot chocolates away before they were done but i suppose it could happen at some locations
please participate around reddit by commenting on other posts before you jump straight to submitting .
your account should at least a month old with several comments before posting submissions in our community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/web_design if you have any questions or concerns .
3 to subscribe ppvs sent out weekly ! ! !
you can use plain yogurt instead of mayonnaise to make it actually delicious .
toast the crushed walnuts and toss the chopped apples in lemon juice .
there is of course a requirement to watch the waldorf salad '' episode of faulty towers before eating it for the first time .
it is a favorite of my father since watching that and i am the only family member weird enough to make it .
0 of your last 25 comments c submissions s have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
i just do n't understand how to handle the pressure of trying to do his will .
i wan na shake the world i wan na stand against it and leave an impact only exceeded by christ himself .
i wan na be the best of humanity better than everyone in righteous protection so i can save everyone .
i do n't care about if people like me or anything and i 'm worried about it becoming a pride issue or it already being one like it 's a noble and holy goal to wan na save everyone you can but i known for a fact i 'm not above falling like satan to pride .
i mean i for sure do n't think i will i just feel like im kind of a risky person that should be pursuing or trusted with that kind of mission for humanity and god .
like im obviously not the only person who wants to save people but i wan na be better than everyone at everything that will help me do that so i can be the guy that helps everyone .
i am just impatient with my halted progress spiritually and do n't understand my issue .
i feel like even though i 'm still constantly relying on him and doing the stuff i was before albeit not as much i 'm stuck and i feel like he 's tired of me failing in obedience .
i 'm just tired of failing it 's extremely annoying and sometimes it feels like even when i ask i do n't get help .
i know in the end these are just the trials i prayed for to make me more holy and build our relationship it sucks though
maybe it 's best not to check it every minute .
enjoy your favorite drink non-alcoholic if you 're driving after .
yeh i had to get 3 tickets and had that issue with sections
i see it as him telling you this now so he can use it a justification against you in the future like i warned you so you have no right to be pissed '' .
i 'm not sure how to proceed after this .
one thing is certain and that is that he needs to know how messed up this is .
use 2 x 4 mesh fence wire it is easy to work with .
most feeder birds can pass through but the larger birds like dove and grackles and hawks ca n't .
jay birds can pass tough but it prevents them from dive bombing and flushing the other birds off of the feeder .
i have a covered wagon shape mesh guard on my platform feeder with open ends that extends beyond the platform about 4 on each end .
the mesh guard reduces chaos on my platform and several birds will feed at the same time .
for some reason dove land on the guard but do n't know to enter the open ends .
squirrels can pass through a 2”x 4 space but anything smaller will filter out the larger birds you want .
i am not sure if 2x4 will filter out grackles .
when shaping a mesh guard let the 4 space be vertical and the 2 space be horizontal .
his videos are awesome i love the channel but being underrated is your opinion i do n't care how many viewers someone has i rate his channel
it does fit the criteria i mentioned though it has only 6hrs battery life .
my eyes are set on the lg tone free fp8 which is .2g larger but has 10hr battery life .
you see as a noob you took an offense and offended me back and now are upset .
ten years from now maybe you will do better .
that should be your only big goal until finished as it involves many skills and will give you plenty to do .
when burnt on quests train skills still needed for the quests/combat through slayer .
may dry and wet aging na pala ang tao .
anyway ang alam ko mature person and matured meat .
do n't really fancy midtylland a couple games ahead of us into their season .
yea right the first day i caught 2 girls peeking and quickly looking away .
talán a gyertyákkal most leállt már csak egy 30 db lehet otthon amit nem használt el 😅
bantham is a real gem of a location in devon .
the place features idyllic english countryside and coastal views .
getting a mooring in bantham is hard as it 's a hugely sought after area for sailing .
beyond the motor boat at the front are three bantham boats .
these are iconic boats in the area handmade by a since deceased bantham harbour master .
anyone who is anyone in bantham longs for a highly sought after and expensive bantham boat .
one of the requirements when becoming the owner of a bantham boat is that they must remain in bantham .
i primarily use the oil paint '' stuff in painter and i 'd prefer either free or a one-off purchase than a subscription but it 's not really a deal breaker of all the alternatives i 've found so far i 'm currently erring towards artrage i used it back in the xp days so i am at least vaguely familiar with it .
i 'm honestly already arguing with too many people right now so i 'm starting to get a headache .
who could 've imagined posting two controversial comments back to back would blow up in my face like this
i 'd say it 's worth it if you have stacks of grass sticks and rocks in your inventory .
agree if this came out of the blue there are very big concerns for her mental health that should be addressed here .
yeah a lot of european airports are disasters as well .
i take some solace in the fact that it 's not just sydney .
we 're going to get dirty all over again .
and the parents have 1 each according to the deed and legal agreement written up .
one of these statements does n't agree with the other .
also if they gave you the money as a gift how can they end up owning 2 ?
dude did n't see a day in the can and he still lives in a mansion .
typical tween stuff.. you can tell them until you are blue in the face .
once they get to junior high it 's like this magical thing happens and poof the nightly showers and deodorant magically start happening on its own .
either a their peers do it b they are made fun of or c they discover attraction to either the opposite sex or attraction to the same sex .
just got to channel your inner 12 year old to remember these things .
he was still getting used to the squad and players though rotation enabled him to get a look at everyone in the way he could n't in a pre-season .
and a lot of them were n't 'his players ' .
it seems more likely once he knows his favoured set he 'll stick with them more often than not which is his style as opposed to changing his approach entirely .
it 's not the 16th though mine is the 30th
i know zero people born in november so this is nice
bigots always lie it 's a major part of their personality .
not fantastic press no in game advertising missing several top viewership teams etc .
he says with not a single foreign boot on german soil outside of pows of course .
the amounts of copium you bolsheviks are huffing must have it 's own gravitational field by now .
with the 5th pick in the 2022 mlbdraft the washington nationals select ...
thanks to inteoryx videos are supported even without twitter api v2 support !
i had lag pretty bad with my xbox controller and android so i ditched it completely because it was so bad .
r/petitegonewild does not accept submissions from low karma user accounts .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
where in our dna does it say girl '' or boy '' ?
you 'd be dead if you did n't have them
you should tell that to all the very alive individuals with xxy chromosomes .
if this was real op hated his/her job and did n't need it and also has anger issues or has tourette 's
maybe there is a third option so everyone is happy .
why does no one want to join the free and wonderful russia ? ''
heterodox more along the lines of not orthodox '' .
certainly do n't want to run around calling people heretics .
if u work outside on it brightemay be a disadvantage of oled ones check nits .
but i would take an oled every day over anything .
never know what the spaghetti monsta is up to 😖
we 're close to the end of the series .
it 's extremely unlikely if not impossible for you to start caring about shouji now .
none of the hype moments the students are going to get are going to make you care about them .
yeah i really doubt he 'll have the will to even put his digital daughter through that .
ironically leaving it to her to finish the job she started
the average cost of a wedding in the uk is around £14k and in the us it 's around 20k .
however this is an extremely variable question and there are outliers who skew the averages someone who eloped for £2k or someone who spent £200k my wedding personally went up to around to the high 6 figures possible low seven i did n't tally it up in the end and most of the expenses went to florals my dress catering venue etc
love to hear it i had used most of my tokens to get the 95 ss and have not had any kimpembe card all year so wanted to try something different out and have not been disappointed !
we are aware of two prior reviews of this topic .
the first by broecker 1970 makes a compelling case that the projected future o2 changes would be very small and likely insignificant .
2017 uses projections of much larger future o2 loss based on a parabolic model of livina et al .
2017 systematically considered the major factors determining the potential impact of atmospheric oxygen o2 depletion on human survival .
they discussed the different time domains of effects of hypoxia from acute responses such as increased breathing and circulation to longer-term physiological and cellular acclimatization such as increased blood-o2 carrying capacity and ultimately evolutionary genetic adaptations that increase reproductive success in high altitude populations .
they also considered the range of responses from relatively benign conditions such as acute mountain sickness to loss of consciousness and ultimately extinction .
however as we discuss below the larger projected o2 losses from livina et al .
... the stability of atmospheric o2 therefore hinges the stability of the organic carbon reservoirs rather than on gross rates of photosynthesis and respiration .
as shown in figure 1 however the reservoirs of organic carbon on land and in the ocean such as vegetation soils permafrost and dissolved organic matter and the reservoir of dissolved o2 in the ocean are all very small when compared to the massive atmospheric o2 reservoir .
for example even if all photosynthesis were to cease while the decomposition continued eventually oxidizing all tissues in vegetation and soils including permafrost this would consume 435 pmol equivalent to a 1.9 mm hg 1.2 drop in p′o2 at sea level .
although land and marine biota can impact o2 at small detectible levels they are not the lungs of the planet in the sense of ensuring global o2 supply .
similarly wildfire does not threaten the o2 supply not just because fire is usually followed by regrowth but also because the impact is bounded by limited pool of carbon in vegetation .
not really very relevant though since they are n't dying either way .
significant biomass changes are projected in 40 –57 of the global ocean with 68 –84 of these areas exhibiting declining trends under low and high emission scenarios respectively .
... climate change scenarios had a large effect on projected biomass trends .
2b 84 of statistically significant trends p 0.05 projected a decline in animal biomass over the 21st century with a global median change of −22 .
rapid biomass declines were projected across most ocean areas 60°s to 60°n but were particularly pronounced in the north atlantic ocean .
2c 68 of significant trends exhibited declining biomass with a global median change of −4.8 .
despite the overall prevalence of negative trends some large biomass increases 75 were projected particularly in the high arctic oceans .
our analysis suggests that statistically significant biomass changes between 2006 and 2100 will occur in 40 rcp2.6 or 57 rcpc8.5 of the global ocean respectively fig .
for the remaining cells the signal of biomass change was not separable from the background variability .
mean projected global marine animal biomass from the full mem ensemble shows no clear difference between the cmip5 and cmip6 simulations until 2030 fig .
after 2030 cmip6-forced models show larger declines in animal biomass with almost every year showing a more pronounced decrease under strong mitigation and most years from 2060 onwards showing a more pronounced decrease under high emissions fig .
both scenarios have a significantly stronger decrease in 2090–2099 under cmip6 than cmip5 two-sided wilcoxon rank-sum test on annual values n 160 for cmip6 120 for cmip5 w 12,290 and p 0.01 for strong mitigation w 11,221 and p 0.016 for high emissions .
3 only the strong-mitigation scenario is significantly different n 120 for both cmips w 6,623 and p 0.01 .
the multiple consecutive decades in which cmip6 projections are more negative than cmip5 fig .
3b suggest that these results are not due simply to decadal variability in the selected esm ensemble members .
under high emissions the mean marine animal biomass for the full mem ensemble declines by 19 for cmip6 by 2099 relative to 1990–1999 2.5 more than cmip5 and the mitigation scenario declines by 7 2 more than cmip5 .
the graphs https www.nature.com/articles/s41558-021-01173-9/figures/1 of that second study suggest a decline in phytoplankton that 's less than 5 under the very low emissions scenario and less than 15 under the high-emissions scenario where the emissions literally increase for the rest of the century https static.skepticalscience.com/pics/ghg-concentrations.png .
thank for your submission in r/chubbygirlsgw a body positive sub for chubby bodies and those that love them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubbygirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
all oem 's sell and have repair guide lines to replace rockers pillars inner structures and frame rails .
if these guidelines are followed by a competent shop the vehicle can be restored back to oem condition .
jesus christ imagine holding satie in higher regards than bach or beethoven ...
i did it about 6 years ago and each month i revisit her steps for that month .
describing her as a productivity specialist is spot on .
i also like her book fewer things better and her podcast .
show me one instance of someone using their gender as a personality trait .
prove to me that you 're not just shouting stuff your parents said back at random people trying to comfortably live their lives .
i always ask 'do you want to hold my hand ? '
not even the blood axes would knowingly ally themselves with the forces of the imperium that would really be beyond the pale !
the leaders of the imperium know this and they also know that blood axe orks are quite happy to hire independent human mercenary groups .
in order to infiltrate ork space and secretly stir up trouble amongst the orks the imperium sometimes sends imperial guard units to pose as mercenaries and hire out to the blood axes .
the imperial guards adopt a unique colour scheme or uniform so that the orks will think they are nothing to do with the imperium .
whether this fools the orks or not no-one is quite sure but the blood axes at least pretend to be fooled even if they really suspect what is going on !
the blood axe warband may include any number of human imperial guard units ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
yes in new mexico sorry you ca n't get any bud
no idea but i 've lived in ct for the past year and holy shit are there a lot of racist folks between here and ma that would definitely be onboard with another confederacy
12 years in detroit 4 seasons and 1 game in 2020 with houston .
your weekly r/hiphopheads roundup for the week of july 10 july 16
cramer rings the bell and everything dumps like lead bricks at 0932
isanek has been a reliable third party seller on newegg 852 reviews 92 positive and amazon 1200 reviews 83 positive for quite a while .
they happen to have their own site now listed on pcpp even !
nah there are smut that makes me horny this is the best horny suppressant .
i see you might have a question or possibly need help !
have you read the official write up and watched the videos ?
see the master post for all official write ups videos and instructions !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unclebens if you have any questions or concerns .
they recently pumped up their prices and as much as i like my bannoch i have to say for what it offers practically the new 325€ 50€ increase are just too much .
its built well and looks very good but thats about it featurewise .
the feeling of being cozy inside watching the chaos outside .
i thought at least bringing it to the door is the bare minimum welp
i bet the europeans felt pretty owned after defeating the only non-european threat and technological peer subsequently intensifiying their conquests around the world and establishing global hegemony in the first place .
can you explain why you think this is evidence that he was working for the fbi ?
can you explain why you think the fbi not wanting to discuss their investigation is weird '' ?
do the fbi normally talk publicly about this sort of thing ?
they are publicly discussing their investigation just wo n't answer questions about epps .
unless you have a video or transcript of them answering questions about him .
sorry what sort of mannerisms are you speaking of ?
can you give me an example of one of these mannerisms you are referring to ?
middle aged white dude that is well groomed trying to convince a group of people to do crazy shit that will get them in trouble all while kind of participating in said trouble but also hanging back juuuust enough .
also not realizing what he is saying is dumb when people shout him down and call him a fed .
the last part alone is normal for say a crazy person but epps seems well put together almost too well and his little 'let 's go in the capital speech ' the night before seems planned out or scripted like he is n't feeling the crowd out at all .
several right-wing journals accused him of being an informant '' .
are you saying that you think epps is really an fbi agent ?
i 'm saying it 's really possible like i 've been saying this whole time .
i 'm not clinging to him being a fed and if he turns out to not be one i would n't care .
i honestly hope he is n't because that would be a really shitty thing for the fbi to have someone attempting to influence people to make life changing criminal decisions .
why do you think epps is being given special treatment when you are n't aware of any other person who was prosecuted for similar allegations ?
idk if other people were or were n't prosecuted .
who are you talking about that was arrested for doing the same thing as epps ?
why were these people arrested but not charged with a crime ?
i have not followed jan 6 closely nor do i care to find out .
if you would like this info you can look up who has been arrested so far in regards to jan 6 .
i 'm talking about the people in the jan 6 videos that were arrested after breaching the police barrier on the way up to the capital .
is it possible that the group was arrested because they tried to rush into the capitol and that epps was not arrested because he was never seen doing anything of that kind on the day ?
so ray epps crosses barrier with group of people .
part of same group of people is arrested outside of capital .
what did those people do that epps did n't ?
what is the goal here of your line of questioning ?
cuz i do n't have one so if you do n't have one idk what we 're doing here .
i 'm almost 18 and my biggest worry is how tf i make my character pick up and throw a ducking ball in unity
you 're being too much of a sensible adult here ..
burning wheel for me is kind of like the movie eraserhead i did n't like it per se but it 's so unique and different and is fascinating to experience .
if you get sick you will shit out of luck .
i wish i could reach a point where i do n't think about him at all .
i also wish i could just imagine a life without him because it 's like my brain does n't compute it at all .
my new rescue has separation anxiety ... it 's annoying .
but i would never rehome him for it further validating his anxiety of being abandoned .
he 's going to the vet next week to be put on some chill pills and hoping that 'll help be able to create train him .
if you die could you respawn on other spawn point ?
gee i sure dont know i wonder if its a part of a mod you installed
the dosage was approximately 1.4 mg ... but has been used 4-5 times orally in the mouth since opening .
usually he takes 8mg suboxone daily and has for upwards of 10 years .
takes fentynal on occasion but normally just keeps in the mouth ... he can not get it up by vomiting .
should we have him take a bunch of suboxone ?
i am having a lot of anxiety about this ... any information would be helpful .
ig i just roll more than them or have been playing longer .
i get the monthly fates plus the 300k mora regularly still been net gaining stardust
just a reminder that the wolves had 5 lob dunks as a team all year last season .
he is literally throwing a toddler level temper tantrum over contact name in your phone .
if that is n't a huge red flag then i do n't know what is .
users must comment on this post prior engaging in a trade or sale .
u/waynetid you must confirm that your potential b/s/t partner has commented on your post prior to the finalizing the transaction .
do not deal with anyone who will not comment on your post .
if you can not see the comment on your post do not trade with them .
if someone pms you saying they commented on your post but you can not see it it means automod removed their comment and you should not trade with them .
even if their comment is visible on their profile .
if you 're buying make sure to get proof from the seller that they have the pop in hand .
this means having them send you a timestamped photo with their username on it .
asking for friends and family/venmo/cash app payment is a bannable offense .
if someone requests payment through friends and family please report it .
users swap reputation can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want more detailed information click send on this message .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/funkoswap subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funkoswap if you have any questions or concerns .
all photos videos questions and general comments from a specific concert have to be posted in their corresponding megathread .
if this is the case for this post please delete the post and submit it in the appropriate thread .
posts submitted outside of the location 's corresponding megathread will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rammstein if you have any questions or concerns .
most of them probably will just watch jennie 's scenes lmao me included i do n't have much interest in the storyline since she just has a cameo most probably
two weeks and they have n't had a look at our application yet they 're going through their backlog .
i assume in your case they started working on it soon as they received your application ?
i have some info which probably can be useful .
this is from one of my friends who spent 2 weeks in goa few years ago .
so this was a group of 6 people who booked a house for the entire month which it seems is a lot cheaper than renting a hotel .
and then they mostly cooked food at home which again is a massive savings on food expenses which can be significant .
in film und auch sonstigen videoproduktionen muss gewarnt werden da sonst der veröffentlichende haftet weshalb gibt es hier keine strafen wenn influenzer gefährliche inhalte teilen ?
i 'm going into the death industry so i feel like job security is there .
nah not unless you 're a snake ... but there will always be work !
you look like you 'd tap on someones nose and say boop
it will probably pass but i hope it does n't .
you could have played the lottery but why did n't you ?
i mean i am always a skeptic about stories like this but i am open ears .
how to hammer a nail how to hang a picture
and then there are people like my parents dad is n't able to hold a hammer in his hands because of healthy lifestyle mom is afraid of every tool .
and again my parents dad is so bad with money and also unable to fix things due to his condition and mom prefers to buy new as soon as it costs the same new in continues to buy shitty quality
it still seems like we 've solved this issue already with reusable cups
oof so while this seems great as a limited release game it 's actually one of the most overproduced switch games out there lol it will almost never go up in value because of the massive amounts of stock that is out there .
not to mention with reselling getting more popular it 's also a title many people stocked up on new copies for so it will probably never be a rare game unfortunately as copies will continue to trickle out for years to come
sexual need is entirely natural and suppressing it for so long leads to psychological problems
war smith dantioch 's forces the 51 expedition fleet are probably most well known loyalist iron warriors .
held out for a year against traitor iron warriors stole a ship and helped defend the pharos for a while and inspired creation of the silver skulls chapter of ultramarine successor chapter .
i drove up through the south part to get my keys for my new unit which is in the north above the loop .
why would you be driving through the southside to get keys for a northside apartment ?
why would you not be taking lsd or 90 if that was the case ?
there are virtually no burnt '' or half demolished homes in the vast majority of the southside .
especially on the major n/s arteries to the loop .
those would 've been cleared years ago and left as empty lots .
in fact there 's more empty lots than dilapidated homes .
this is also ignoring the fact that the northern southside neighborhoods are developed or currently just getting plastered with new 700 sfhs on every other block .
i highly doubt any managing company would be based in the far south neighborhoods or the sw .
now the mode is more user friendly than at first less stones and 80 wins for a simple ssr ticket
on average you 're much likely to get a complete mess of layer upon layer of indirections in java than in python a big part of which is configured through arcane xml files this has been improving though .
there 's a very big reason why a lot of people hate j2ee and jpa/hibernate with a passion .
i have n't watched much golf in the past few years but i watched the entire final round and had a blast .
i thought rory would win but i was cheering for hovland .
however cam smith putted like a monster and was amazing to watch .
what a cool dude ... .amazing final round for him !
i 'm waiting for viper mini wireless currently using viper mini
double tops triple tops are made to be broken .
just like a do not enter sign is an invitation to enter .
thee are not your great grandfather 's chart patterns .
i did n't even know i was n't interested in this now i realize i have very strong feelings about it .
yes but some people go by it as a neutral pronoun neither man nor woman
simply having nukes would do is change the balance of power in the middle east .
i literally only ever batted switched in my setting to make it so i did n't have to simcast .
that way i would only pimp 4 home runs a game and quickly grind to diamond arch .
i think it only took me 3 3ish hour session to go from drafted to diamond arch .
or have i completely misunderstood what you 're asking ?
😂 i 'm still a bit of a newb and realising that at 41 i 'm becoming confused by internet speak etc .
honestly i 'm a really cool dj and used to be everyone 's go to for tech issues but i 've realised i 'm actually old haha
but what you published is business men and financial experts perception of corruption in the public sector around the world .
while it can be useful to analyze the general perception of a country and how it evolves over time it likely is n't very accurate between countries due to perception .
i just found a perceived corruption index where italy is just two spots higher than usa indicating very similar levels of perceived corruption i 'm not linking it because i ca n't find methods used but you can easily find it if you want
it chose you and you are now owned by it .
that 's cherenkov radiation caused by particles so energetic that they 're traveling faster than the speed of light .
the speed of light in a medium such as water as distinct from the speed in a vacuum c which ca n't be exceeded by any material object .
around the visible spectrum the relative intensity per unit frequency is approximately proportional to the frequency .
that is higher frequencies shorter wavelengths are more intense in cherenkov radiation .
this is why visible cherenkov radiation is observed to be brilliant blue .
in fact most cherenkov radiation is in the ultraviolet spectrum—
just upvoted your post could you upvote my/this comment in return ?
i liked them when i saw photos of the russian book on twitter but having them printed out in front of me really highlighted how ... amateurish they are in spite of the great amount of details .
the proportions feel extremely off especially one where wangxian are laying down side-by-side on a bed and wwx has his feet uncovered and lwj does n't .
either lwj 's legs magically shrink when he 's asleep or they 're detachable .
a bag of sucky charcoal and even praying to prometheus wo n't save your fire .
i upvoted a few of your posts could you upvote my top post please ?
she told everyone that i kicked her out as if she was living in my place when she had her own .
she lives alone already and stole from me i didnt do anything other then get my key back ''
your weekly r/indieheads roundup for the week of july 10 july 16
it seems to me that it would be more persuasive if the reelevant lacan seminaire quotes on these issues would have been cited .
in seminar 03 the explanation of paranoia and homosexuality but of course for lacan even the concept or fantay of i '' is paranoid and overally in freudianism perversions including homoexuality are all present in everyone .
for lacan the perverse structure is present in hetero lov too because woman are asexual and men are autosexual as default position .
and in lacan and freud all hysterics today maybe borderlines have the main question am i a man or a woman ?
in seminar 05 he says that obsessives look for support in the signifier phallus ''
in seminar 20 he describes kierkegaard as rejecting his bride and married life in order to stay loyal to the fantasy of the christ '' figure also a level of homosexual ideation .
in seminar 04 lacan presents the idea that even in hetero rapports men are seeking the phallus '' a symbol of changing values in the woman .
i am sorry bringing it up here but i do not dare to react to it in the original sub because i am not an expert just a lay person having been in lacanian analysis and i first want to see the relevant quotes and there is many so i can not finish it i just do begin it .
my point is that in op article there is a very original idea namely that heteros have an i '' which is a fantasy not a real thing in lacan and homos are related to a non-i which for him means a rejection of the other the socio-linguistic part of our split ego .
in lacan this rejection of the other is typical in obsessions and in psychotics and as i already quoted in perversion partly and in hysterics it is also partly present .
and let us not forget that all these 4 mental states exist in all infants as patterns and they remain with us even if we hve no typical sypmtoms outwardly they are present in our dreams .
fr tho i never seperate my clothes and i 've never had anything turn colors
it had kazuhas boss in it so i think it kinda count
it is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose .
the idea sounds terrible but you 've executed it really tastefully
i have been puzzling over this for over a year .
a local did a letter to the editor complaining about feminist math .
his proof was the assertion that 2 2 ÷ 4 .
i guess we can start by observing that women who reach my vague math attention work on things that are very very important but quite unlikely and do it weirdly .
one that comes to mind has put together a team to demonstrate that we do not need real numbers to describe the universe and that might get us past quantum paradoxes of importance and put us back in sort of a greek constructorist philosophical resurgence .
it may take a hundred years to do the redefinition work .
math itself is not a reliable source of physical or mathematical truth .
math people play with changing the axioms these days .
and they get interesting results and are comfortable with that .
a lot of things we think we know are rather shaky .
i saw a bit about a pattern that breaks even in energy and is immortal .
time travel in classics physics is impossible if the universe has a center of mass .
but there is maybe one data bit to say the universe is finite .
what is the center of mass in an infinite universe ?
maybe euclid should not have defined a point the way he did ?
nice reply to the question fellow satanist also happy cake day
r/onlyfansasstastic is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
havnt read this study but a study of 300,000 kids i think in isreal that got covid unvacinated had a strong immune response directly after infection .
the hook is god fucking awful which is a shame bc the verses are so genuine and personal
thankfully vermont is not as hot as other places but we get a couple of weeks each year that are less-than pleasant .
as a european i have zero interests in american fottball and baseball .
cool but i bet it costs 10 times more to produce than regular plastic cups
it depends on the movie as well as the territory .
in hollywood the blame is often on the studio but in bollywood the lead actor faces the maximum brunt of a flop .
franchise movies like marvel the actor gets no blame whatsoever as they 've established their character .
a blame in franchisee movies on actors is possible only when they do a bad job in the first instalment hypothetically if robert pattinson was a bad batman for example
a director is pulled up when the movie is inexcusably poor .
tysm i really needed that people are being so mean in the replies for literally no reason
i 'm thinking i 'll slip it onto his chair or under his mouse if given the opportunity .
that way there wo n't be an awkward i ca n't take that '' or anything of that sort .
i 'd prefer to leave it somewhere he 'll find it after i 'm already gone .
if not i 'll slip it to him in a handshake !
i 'm going to leave the car redacted until i 've actually pressed the gas pedal but it 's a performance car that starts around 70k .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funnyanimals if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're on pc it could be the buffer settings
if you scroll down on their website it says they do n't use plastic bottles
be careful that the person who introduced you is very prepared .
8/10 could use a picture of a wall as decor
this is entirely wrong hes very weak as a control brawler due to his bad projectile speed .
fast brawlers like crow/bibi can strafe his shots theyre so easy to dodge .
and his dps is quite low which often is a issue with brawlers like frank surviving a full stun and then killing lou .
while his super may be strong he is outperformed by other control brawlers like sandy/emz .
make sure that developer mode is enabled on the oculus app on your phone because it likes to disable randomly
nothing can be worse than winning a mickey mouse ring in a disney clubhouse practice gym
wenn du nun versuchen würdest dazu in konkurrenz zu gehen müsstest du mit viel kleineren stückzahlen beginnen und könntest nicht konkurrieren .
die vielen kleineren produzenten durch immer größere stückzahlen aus dem markt gedrängt .
you have started me down a rabbit hole i can not climb out of .
it was one of those open '' fridges if that makes sense .
the kind that contains only drinks and pre-packed foods .
and yes i reached right to the back and they were all like that .
same at the other 4 grocery stores i went to .
some of those did n't even have water in the fridge section just on the shelves only .
vanille is in principe met een v zoals in very .
zo hoor ik hem ook altijd op televisie maar ik woon zelf ver van het gooi aalsmeer .
well this guy 's armor is good however the top speed is bad .
the parents are disgusting and the people should have known better .
where 's the third guy showing up saying the ability to have fun regardless of whether or not your class happens to be as mechanically powerful as other party member ? ''
childlike creativity 😊 dna to consciousness 😊 imagination is the playground for your mind 😊
luck 100 i guess if i had a dollar for every glitch in that game i could single-handedly end world hunger
photos in tweet photo 1 https pbs.twimg.com/media/fx7k6siaiaehaiq.png photo 2 https pbs.twimg.com/media/fx7k6sjacaagpwf.png
thanks to inteoryx videos are supported even without twitter api v2 support !
pog this was exactly what i was looking for thank you !
so many places said i had to have the game in my steam library with the xpacs purchased and not one was actually telling me how it works .
parası için ya da statüsü için varsa tabii seçeceksen önermem .
gerçekten yapabileceğim bir meslek hayat kurtarmak istiyorum veya bilgi birikimi hoşuma gidiyor ve başka bir şey yaparken düşünemiyorum kendimi diyorsan tıp yazılabilir .
my ancestors who were killed by stalin 's engineered famine .
ml was literally developed by stalin not even lenin who was a genocidal dictator .
idk about the downs syndrome bit but they certainly do remind me of fell beasts but nowhere near as cool .
mofo read the whole thread lmao every pti supporter is bashing this
yes i figured this out finally haha thank you though
though tate is still sus for his alleged kidnapping though nothing has come up with it just the daily beast being trash
because of her moms want to be her friend before her mother.. !
yet this matthew quote is about making money and earning interest or else you are subjected to gnashing teeth .
i have one that sits on a ledge next to my bedroom door so that when i leave my room every morning i see it smiling and it always starts me off on a good note
viewed in the same light as gmk clones with differing degree of animosity .
it is what it is no one complained when gucci or rolex had replica of their own that is potentially killing profits of the original brand .
but then again i am not in a mood to argue online so let 's just leave it at that and my examples were from company who are allegedly impervious to such attempts because their brand is so strong the buyers keep buying .
i have nothing against those who bought the kc or similar stuff just issues with the vickrey auction or similar easily avoided by refusing to participate because complaints boycotts '' do not work and i 've frankly better things to do than complaining about something that i want but ca n't afford by definition there 's a lot more important things to spend 800 on for example a new high-end phone which is still a quite crazy price to be put on such device .
he needed to use the restroom so he did so and then he left .
however when he asked the question you absolutely could have construed it as an attempt to access your apartment whether to increase chances of taking the date in a more physical direction to gain access to your home or something as benign as to snoop your bathroom .
a person 's bathroom and the contents thereof say a lot about who they actually are and how they live .
in the future i would n't give anyone you did n't know was ok your address to avoid the issue entirely .
but if that 's not an option you may just have to deal with it .
it 's a pretty hard question to say no to .
i 'm automatically attracted to beautiful — i just start kissing them .
when you 're a star they let you do it .
i 'm normally fine with corey graves but holy shit stop shouting over everyone else when they 're trying to get a word in too
for example some mathematicians are working on things like using the univalent structure of infinity-groupoids to prove why mathematics has the rules that it does paraphrasing and also pulling out of my ass .
so compared to that packing spheres even in 8 dimensions sounds pretty practical by comparison .
we 're so organized we have 3 different ones !
that 's what makes it so hard to find somewhere acceptable to flee to .
it certainly wo n't hurt to clear coat it but i doubt and vintage vises eere and a believe all the modern ones are powder coated .
regardless of paint any vise that gets heavily used its gon na get grungy pretty quickly .
is it safe to drive your truck on these roads ?
if your ideals are unobtainable it 's better to change them than go with traditional standards .
being smart at least in the common sense does n't necessarily matter .
if you 're able to examine your own and others thoughts/feelings/actions empathy not required you 're doing better than a surprising amount of people .
bitte füge in deinem nächsten beitrag einen entsprechenden tag hinzu .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/germansgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
just because the food is n't in your culture does n't make it stupid .
knowing that they 're pretty regular street foods across asia i 'd be willing to try any of them
in other words china wants to make other countries their china .
he got popular through youtube apparently so i think his fanbase is mostly on the younger side like younger than me even
i would never have called it a mask before discovering i was a 3 took me a year to realize .
i would have said i adapt to whoever i 'm talking to and i can find a lot of the relatable ground even in divisive topics .
i truly believe in whatever it is i 'm pitching or presenting .
that 's why it comes off so sincere and why no one would ever pin me as a 3 .
i also do n't think of myself as image focused .
it 's more like a performance where i am always considering the whole package that people are putting together that is me '' in their minds .
when i talk in a group setting i 'm auditing my speech like a newscaster reading from a teleprompter .
at the same time receiving feedback from the group on how they feel about me and making edits along the way ... .literally the whole time i 'm speaking .
so i guess you could call it a mask .
as for which one i choose well it depends on who i 'm speaking with .
my wing is 4 and i definitely think that plays a role in my ideals and how i express myself as a 3 .
it also makes it very confusing to be a 3 wing 4 who is sensitive and has strong emotions but has no idea what the fuck they are and a strong contempt for emotionality .
i think you built up a lot of smile muscles all the time .
op please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post .
commenters please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed .
if you see anyone breaking the rules please report the post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/strangerthings if you have any questions or concerns .
he is litarly just going with dan cuz bribk is there
this guy i dated in high school had a gene simmons long tongue .
he constantly wanted to shove it down my throat and i 'd be grossed out all the time .
he said when you 're in college you 'll tell everyone about the weirdo you dated who likes to shove his long tongue down your throat .
and i went to college and i told everyone about the weirdo i dated 🤣
yes as soon as you serve an n12 it gives tenant right to terminate with 10 days notice on an n9 .
plus you would owe rent back for any remainder of a month not used last month rent deposit if not used and the 1 month rent compensation .
as others mentioned if tenant wants an ltb hearing expect a wait of additional 6-8 months .
colombians can have straight hair i am colombian myself .
all of my colombian relatives have straight hair too .
i just do n't understand the logistics here another maeve is running around ?
are they literally blowing up that installation nearly 300 times ?
i forgot how underrated he was until i checked out his baseballreference page this morning .
a true general surgeon is about as in demand as can be .
in a field where everyone is sub-specializing and wants to work at a highly academic center in a large city someone who wants to do general surgery in a moderate-sized or rural setting can basically name their price .
if you look around online at job postings basically every hospital not in a major city is looking for a general surgeon .
i 've seen ads and gotten recruitment letters with starting salaries in the low 400s no rvu minimum q4-5 call crazy good sign on bonuses and benefits .
if you want to really crank out cases and cover more call or cover multiple hospitals you 're looking at 500-600k plus relatively easily .
no woman should ever put themselves in a position where they financially depend on a man .
they should have a back up career just in case things fall apart .
striker going to shelve my re deathblade since i already have 6 characters .
he 's too young to understand cause and effect yet so he has no idea that he 's sitting in timeout because he threw the blocks .
if he hurts someone his age at daycare he probably would n't connect that his action of throwing a block resulted in a child getting hit and crying .
if you put him in timeout for throwing all he 'll be able to understand is that his blocks are being taken away and he wo n't understand why .
time out is n't really effective until about 3 .
kids that young also do n't really understand the word no '' yet .
when you say no throwing '' they 're only really hearing throw '' .
this age is super frustrating but the best way to counteract the behavior is to redirect him .
another thing you can try is to tell him what to do instead of what not to do .
if he 's throwing say something like let 's be careful !
maybe have him put the item away itself and say all done ! ''
do n't worry about the daycare they should be familiar enough with child development to understand this .
i actually just called them at like 8pm pacific time and set the order up that way .
beware though they talk fast and is easy to misunderstand .
this third year of phd is kicking my ass .
i literally just got a new hanklight last week ca n't believe i 'm already pondering another one 😂
you think ... you think only men who lurk and then use that information for their own negative reasons ?
i 'll remember that the next time i want a good chuckle .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/milf/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'verified milf ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/milf/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/milf/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/milf if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's not necessarily how we achieve a better equilibrium though i admit my example was n't the best .
starting with their corporate profits companies who peddle unhealthy products instead stronger regulations and/or subsidies for other healthier alternatives would likely go better .
it still all comes down to better estimating the true healthcare cost of our lifestyles and finding ways to invest in prevention rather than treatment .
due to your account being new your submission was automatically removed as reddit has been seeing an influx of spam/scam posts .
if this action was incorrect please contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/terraria if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
are eligible for ongoing contests and can win free reddit premium coins and flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/womenbendingover if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly unrelated but he is a super nice guy .
i knew him quite well when i was a bit younger and he was just super humble and kind .
i loved chatting with him ... . but it was before i got into football ... to me he was just mr. tony .
the bullhorn siren was wayyy off to the side .
its me the one with short purple hair running around not the one being kicked at .
i can safely say it was me signaling police and trying to draw attention which it did and that is its purpose .
i never use the siren at protest willy nilly.. i agree it is highly annoying.. those little megaphones do n't get loud at all and i do n't think they have a loud siren .
i 'm sorry to the dogs ears but i had to alert .
theres a better angle on tik tok of everything but he came up starting stuff and yelling and i saw it coming before the actual kick and i was on it .
i was way off to the back side talking to clinic escorts before this happened .
he kicked her in the crotch and it escalated from there .
he was detained and spent the night in jail .
got ta accommodate the east coast with a 5 pm start .
so you do support the right to choose an abortion ?
ive tried the lance i juat cant get the hang of it
no problem mate and if he insists on not listening and using language that you are n't comfortable with kick him to the side .
ai n't no cis boy worth a headache nor the dysphoria that 's my motto .
i 've had cis partners pull the whole switcheroo and i do n't entertain it .
i had sex with ertha kitt in an airplane bathroom !
but honestly you 're right i will check out govt based off of what the other retail person said also .
thanks for posting u/sepor.to all the people commenting feel free to give your honest opinion but comments must be free from insults ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickwhitegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly teens are way cheaper than babies when it comes to supplies .
if paying for stuff is the issue maybe consider not taking a baby .
this was pre mig 23 and pre br changes coz i dont really have much of a reason to play it so its been a long time but for example my f4e stats are 502 kills 342 deaths
biology student po ako currently pero gusto kong magwork as data analyst first bago mag data science .
i keep their content in the same folder where are definitely grunge bands so ... yeah maybe .
that 's a recurrent question around here and dude after all we are here for good music .
this transfer window is what the extreme optimists thought last year 's one was .
it might be this one https www.essensedesigns.com/essense-of-australia/wedding-dresses/d3407 https www.essensedesigns.com/essense-of-australia/wedding-dresses/d3407 the bridal boutique has been hyping essense of australia so if it 's not that one it 's likely that brand .
i had a childhood friends who 's parents owned a shop that sold them in the states .
i think it helps to take the time to understand the why and connect it to your own personal values .
we had an informal gift suggestion list for our wedding so that we do n't wind up with 27 alarm clocks or something '' .
needless to say our brothers bought out several drug stores and gave us 27 identical alarm clocks all set to go off at different times of the wee hours .
naturally once we saw the 2nd clock we knew what was up and turned off all the alarms
i just moved out here and would n't mind making a few friends with common interests please feel free to message me if you 're still looking for new friends !
eli5 what exactly does force majeure mean and how bad is this for russia/europe ?
she also work as a nun and have very expensive fur clothes
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funsized if you have any questions or concerns .
he is just bones should n't be hard to win .
if i ca n't touch him the a game of uno flip .
i am a high school teacher so i have had much experience playing uno with my students after exam days .
i hope his kit is good with dendro reactions .
title makes it sound worse than what was actually said .
nupial tries standing up ... .he almost falls but he stands up ... .he starts walking to the door ... ..he opens the door
in my perfect world ... i want to give one woman my heart even if other men are occasionally between her legs .
no reason to ask someone to stop playing with others when that 's what makes up half of who we are .
right wing values '' is almost completely known on the internet .
if it makes you feel any better i 'd bet money that he has ptsd from that day with a huge helping of shame .
they are doomed to remain a human pork rind for the rest of their deep fried life .
aquí es exactamente como has descrito en australia cada uno paga lo suyo y eso si que es algo obvio o implícito además es lo más equitativo .
gracias por resolver mi duda desde que empecé a salir en la adolescencia nunca he pensado en que tendría que pagar el hombre ni he conocido a nadie que lo piense una pena que haya personas que piensen que eso puede ser algo de tacaños .
i made that myself so there is no source for it .
just picked up my cr920 too and i ca n't wait to shoot it .
this was quite literally a question about opera unpopular opinions and clearly my opinion is unpopular with you .
however just because jews or judaism were n't explicitly mentioned in his operas does n't mean the themes were not there .
i suggest you read his essay das judenthum in der musik just to get a better look at who you are trying to defend .
in fact h*tler used wagner 's music at many n*zi events and events suggests that his music might have been played in c*ncentration camps .
frankly i think you need to do a bit more reading .
enjoy his music all you like but you ca n't sit here and try to tell me that it 's up to interpretation.
you ugly as shit never post yourself in social media ever again please 🙏
would water stay frozen in space or would the sun just evaporate it ?
oh i will i 'm too worried lol driving everyone crazy about it hahaha
i think my daughter 's old place might still be up for grabs .
hello u/wolflordedvard your submission https www.reddit.com/r/forhonor/comments/w1dr6o in r/forhonor has been removed for the following reason s
rule 5 no scoreboard posts loading/face-off screen posts or chat logs .
if you have any questions or concerns regarding this removal please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fforhonor .
there is usually light even 5-10 minutes after the sunset .
if my party does n't do this they are n't getting my vote
on eggs is fire whatchu mean and that hashbrown patty but idk bout the bacon .
akshay kumar here is an assault on everyone 's ears and eyes at the same time .
a lot of funny mario storytelling that rarely has been happening as of late ... not a great game but a funny addition that imo should be played once .
cats who block have a high chance of reblocking and this will likely be an ongoing issue .
when i have a blocked cat i prefer to hospitalize them with a urinary catheter placed and on fluids for at least 24 hours .
i like to continue to monitor the urine to make sure it starts to clear up and then once the catheter is removed i watch that they 're urinating on their own .
if he is not producing urine this is an emergency and he needs to be seen again asap
living on your own living 20 minutes from times square a strange point of reference honestly you really should make at least 140-150k a year if you want to live on your own .
room in a shared apartment still would probably want to make at least 70-80k at least .
it 's so hard to find products that are both curly/wavy method approved and fa safe that also do n't weigh my hair down .
this could very easily just make you perfectly efficient at using and budgeting power or your electricity .
prostitution was often ignored until the women get a bit too much independence from ir .
was able to see my wife still play wheel of torture while i was on the mend and able to take over responsibilities/care for the kids .
was a real game changer not having two parents knocked on our ass .
the metallic taste by day five was just constant ... 10/10 will definitely call my doctor again for future covid needs .
last time i had fun one of them stabbed me .
and he stood there laughing while i tried to stop the bleeding .
so yeah fun is cool as long as people have some order and discipline .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
after the vote in idaho the republicans do n't even believe in the life of the pregnant mother .
just use some kind of mod example redux mod .
iirc normal mode normal.mob have about 4 or 5 x hp than normal .
i m still at normal they said true mode is far harder than normal bl3
good to know i 'm ok on the rim size user error can never be ruled out when i 'm involved .
i started my saving journey due to same reason as yours .
this was typically used as a toss out or maybe a random exclamitory remark .
we did n't sub it in for any word based on context .
mainly and probably limitedly it was used as like a rally call or something to yell after you do something imagine a matured ding dong ditch scenario .
i would actually finally roll a worgen if they added this .
edit hnnngh and it would make for a great dark alt to my human paladin main ... please blizz please !
this means they have had one or more 5⭐seller reviews posted to r/fetishbuyerscommunity .
their username is also listed on the trusted sellers list https www.reddit.com/r/fetishbuyerscommunity/comments/kpftta/trusted_seller_list .
click here to see all fbc reviews https www.reddit.com/r/fetishbuyerscommunity/search ? q=candycoated20212 restrict_sr=1 sr_nsfw=1 for candycoated20212 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pantiescraze if you have any questions or concerns .
welcome to r/lego_raffles please read the rules in the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/lego_raffles/wiki/index .
op will reply to your comment to confirm your slot s .
if you anticipate you will not be able to pay for your slot s in that timeframe please arrange with op to pay for your slot s early .
the only accepted payment method is paypal friends family or cashapp .
do not write anything in the payment notes section .
report to mods anyone that refuses to pay via paypal friends family
after you have paid please reply to the payment pm with spots your name your pp email .
please pm mods with any question of price or authenticity .
mods try to keep you safe but scams are always possible trust your gut
if modmail is too slow pm u/zunger u/barkerjc66 or u/troniczomb
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lego_raffles if you have any questions or concerns .
my fault you seem to be illiterate or simply have too small of an attention spand to understand individual sentences i should have assumed .
nah i do n't think you 're yta here .
if you feel a fear then you have to acknowledge it .
i also see where your mom can benefit from this in regards to getting a two-fer this is not a major surgery and is commonly done every single day .
on the same token you are 20 and now is a reallly good time to start using your words .
and it may be that this is just not a good time for your mom and she may want to do something separate of this to enjoy your time together .
raised them with 4 hockey pucks under each speaker .
her sex drive is much higher than his and it is n't fair to have the poor dude be feeling like a sex doll because she gets this upset when he rejects her
pretty sure it 's actually 80 reduction at 4200 with 85 being the most you can reasonably hope to achieve .
of course relying on high defense still leaves you susceptible to defense down/ignore so throwing high defense gear around is n't necessarily the answer .
i generally use the effective hit point calculation section on the damage calculator page of this spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bbbkuyepjn0vif8ygys6mqdzgd08et0sfin9vuvyrnm to make sure i 'm not doing something really stupid .
i am in the uk with a server modded out for building .
i already said it was awful lol how many times do i have to tell you guys .
maybe we can get stuck on gaa with scara and ei next year .
but honestly i 'm sure he 'll meet her again at some point
c a n n i b a l i s m
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
had a 2014 p85 with 80k miles and original drive unit before i sold it .
prior i had a s60 and got the drive unit replaced at 30,000 miles because of the noise .
also i can afford several thanks to the republican tax plan
it 's just well hidden since there are so few pocs .
and the celts killed off the previous group living in ireland during their invasions .
then rolled one more time on the first banner only to get not just illya but bryn as well .
thank you so much for denying me the pleasure of looking at you goddess .
me and my small white dich do n't deserve it
in my opinion aside from the nostalgia factor kanto just is n't a good region .
you ca n't deny the fact that ashe rarely being use in rank above master
glad we only have gun violence much safer way to die
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/w2kfwt/mom_likes_to_trigger_anxiety_whenever_she_is and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the honeymoon phase of all relationships though .
i personally think he 's a bit pit off .
she talks about marriage and babies and they 've only been together 7 months ... that 's a bit off putting .
also i think genuine relationships are where you 're validating and there for your partner offline as well
def should save your money and try to grow your own autos make it so simple now too
so would n't this possibly be a bad thing ?
ditom mix is incredible drum mix is astounding and that guitar tone was chefs kiss .
that dar fbm was a demon of an amp .
modern acacia is cool but definitely not the same without mr daniel
yeah funny story joey wanted to use this one after i posted it on a post he made on twitter but instead i made a newer version specially for hm
http tapewormeggs.com order eggs throw some in his fast food .
it makes absolutely no sense to me that there still are n't any somewhat useful predictive tests for cancers .
it 's just awful for someone to be living their life and making plans and then bam !
these ones look incredible and i ca n't wait to print some .
it gets scary but places like canada sweden and finland are always good options i keep in my head
the refinery seemed to be the only reason it exists
i 'm in the bay and got some dick for you
if i sleep for more than 6 hrs i am exhausted and crabby and do n't do a damned thing .
all my life minus during my pregnancy i 've always gotten between 4-6 hours and i work well with that .
that is not true of all vaccines only the hpv vaccine
clinical trials of covid-19 vaccines did n't look for effects on the menstrual cycle .
regardless of the prevalence of menstrual irregularities after covid-19 vaccination scientists note there are hypotheses that could explain it .
just like infections and fevers which are known to affect periods the immune system 's response to vaccination may alter sex hormone patterns or the cells that build up and break down the uterine lining both of which are interlinked with immunology .
there 's been limited research into other vaccines and periods but one study from japan found an association with the human papillomavirus vaccine and irregular menstruation.
😒 i can remember my childhood as clear as sky not the visually and definitely not all of them .
except visual images i can recall most of the details feeling touch smell sounds etc ...
sometimes when there something that reminds me of my past memory weird feeling creep out with the some funny smell .
yeah i can smell my own memory or it just me losing my sanity .
i mean it is low level data even if it is simple it 's still low level
yep but you 're not acknowledging the two facts from my last post .
edit not to mention the third thing which is that rolfe 's misfires endangered innocent civilians and did damage their property .
out of all the thoughts that cross my mind i really yearn for that experience again it was the only time i felt something with the church by singing .
i learned that was just my emotion not the spirit working through me
neighbouring countries tend to share common values and culture no ?
i live in sweden and going to norway finland denmark germany and even poland feels just like staying at home mostly .
try to gain some weight if you already has woman fat distribution you can add some in hips also i recommend gain muscles in legs and glutes .
thanks for the heads up that was initially my go-to but went ahead with adata due to budget constraint .
i might go for an ssd with nand too .
still processing the pain of losing files that was with me throughout uni and personal softcopy data .
i did n't bother backing them up because it will never happen to me '' .
i 've applied for a total of 14 jobs in 2 months do n't get disheartened half of them will contact you a few weeks after you actually get a job knowing damn well you are n't looking anymore .
i 'm convinced tom nook orders the nooklings to throw every sea bass i sell to them back into the ocean just to torture me and make even more profit ...
that is so petty and childish and yet it would still 100 work to tilt me .
i would ask them what they want you to do to help them with their tulpa .
if they want you to help them with their tulpa they should get a lawyer and have you do it .
this happened to me when i was first starting out .
if you have fbs in your cell culture media that inactivates trypsin so any residual media would stop some of the cells from detaching .
definitely not an effigy but i agree that it looks like a bear and i 'm impressed nature made this little bear rock for you to find .
ask yourself this though if it were an effigy why would they put effort into the fine detail like the eyes nose and mouth while leaving those silly looking stubs of legs ?
you look like you constantly need to be reminded to take the cap off of the pen when in meetings pretending to take notes to impress people .
there 's some interesting detail on healing abilities in the kyoshi novels requiring a more advanced understanding of medicine and physiology
you used the item 'three-handed sword ' and did 10 extra almighty damage .
oh wow that is strange i hope they adjusted for your autorotation of the lower jaw correctly .
best part of this answer is just how gorram yuge the audio books are because they 're basically an entire series of stories in a set
ngl i did n't read anything more than the title .
honestly nice hands lol 😆 i was hoping for a ko via an errant funbag slapping the girl in the face .
might have to just turn you round for this one 🥵🥵
was never into gears until my brother convinced me to play with him we ended up completing all of the gears games in co-op awesome series .
is lewis good retweeting his own tweets in a huge thread only he talks in .
and also retreating tweets that are within his own thread ?
definitely do n't play quick play because the players pool is small so you will get uneven matches .
ranked is good because the everchanging rank is what gives you opponent of the same skill level as you eventually .
dami probably will be in the bottom 3 he 's been there before but i do n't think luca will .
he might 've if it was a vote for least favourite but in a vote for favourite too many others with an invisible edit like deji risk being forgotten in the vote .
that is the response that people who do not have a problem with the way things are going though .
it 's like you may have a point but we have a point that you are missing too if you even subscribe to that logic .
you may have a point but its only a point to someone who is looking at it from your perspective .
many here arent even looking at it like that because they see this not just an investment but more so an opportunity .
because of that he can take his time releasing .
when it comes out that is when i will seize my opportunity .
it 's going to be a while before we see change i think .
i do n't have any special knowledge in this area but i 'd imagine hasbro ca n't just terminate their contract with their current plastic supplier in short notice and even if they could they 'd still need to find a new supplier to replace them .
if they have any leftover plastic from their current supplier after switching they 'll probably want to use that up too .
i saw 0/100 in gm elo kid ... what you wan na say ... jg diff
jokes on you our genetic engineers and scientists work tirelessly to turn our legs into another pair of hands .
instead of highways we gon na be swinging ropes to work .
back when i used to work in public libraries about 10ish years ago we used to go round the primary schools and do assemblies on the summer reading challenge to drum up interest .
we would usually get about 1000 kids signing up which was good for the area !
i imagine they have n't been doing school visits for the past three years because of covid so it might be lack of awareness rather than lack of interest that is causing low numbers .
yeah i totally get that which is why i always ask questions like this so i can get the best source from people who keep them .
i 've decided not to get an ackie just yet but i 'm trying to find a nice lizard that i can get for the 4ft .
the only requirement i have is that it be handleable .
if you have any suggestions i 'd happily hear them
gardening is n't exactly the cheapest hobby lol at least not in the bay area it is n't anymore
sorts do though cuz otherwise we end up paying them via welfare anyways .
as the old saying goes give a man a fish and he 'll have food for a day .
teach a man to fish and he 'll be rolling in hookers and blow forever .
to be fair dot painting was first taught by a white fella in the 70 's i appreciate the concepts and stories represented in dot paintings are much older and significant .
disco is older than dot painting i 'd make the argument more on the importance of the story .
russia does n't have any people they have had a steady decline in birth rates since the end of world war two culminating in a baby bust in the early 90s .
demography is n't like most things on economics it takes an incredible amount of time and effort to reverse demographic trends if it is even possible at all and in the meantime you are stuck living with the workforce you have .
for russia this means shitloads of old people and no working aged adults which affects everything from your ability to field an army to your ability to fund your government .
your position on the united states is n't popular because it is n't reflected in the economic data .
the united states has the most privelaged geography in the world with the most productive farm land by hectare the longest internal waterway in the world cheap abundant oil and natural gas from shale forests and taiga to the north deserts to the south and ocean moats on both sides .
we also have the best demographic profile in the advanced developed world and our neighbor to the south has the healthiest demography in the advanced developed word meaning that we do n't really need trade beyond the western hemisphere to sustain our economic growth .
what all this means in practical terms is that there has n't really been an upside to the united states acting as global security guarantor since the cold war ended for us and we have basically been backing away from those commitments ever since as a result .
unlike import and export driven powers like japan or china that need to go out and get raw materials to sustain an industrial econony or russia which has an indefensible geography and has to rely on being gigantic in order to protect its heartland hegemony is n't really worth the cost for us anymore so we 've been disengaging .
would look better on crushed velvet or maybe on the side of an old van
interesting so only by engaging and promoting harmful gendered stereotypes do you feel like your gender '' ?
the answer here is 'no ' rather than 'elaborate ' .
it 's still 'no ' and that 's all the articulation you need when it comes to youtube comments with leading/loaded questions .
the question itself is intended to play on certain tensions e.g. assumed if gender is a social construct then what is an internal gender experience and why does it happen to correspond to harmful external gendered stereotypes with respect to presentation ?
the question is being asked with a necessity that is n't there an objectivity in place of subjectivity and so on .
but you are n't going to rehabilitate anyone so do n't waste your time .
if you want to get involved then you need to be aware of what you 're getting yourself into and when to stop .
you can play the rhetorical game but then you need to play it .
you are n't going to win over people who are having a laugh at your and our expense .
edit 2 our shared friend has given up after my one reply .
i have a strategy buy tesla then sell 1 year later for a profit then buy another tesla and keep repeating
they are gon na be far far ahead of everyone else
power 1/2 the acc big12 and pac will consolidate down to 2 or possibly 1 super-conference after further raiding by the superpower 2 likely of the acc and maybe washington oregon .
group of 5 mostly unchanged but add some teams who fail to get into the power 1/2 .
for example the mwc might snap up a number of former pac schools .
so jahad fucked up ages ago and probably did princes of jahad or some shit which is why wangnan has the ring and karaka etc .
there 's a theory that those rings are part of the key to go further up past the last floor jahad and friends called it quits .
that and it 's further supported because wangnan looks uncannily like jahad he 's called prince of the red light district where women are put on display much like jahads princesses .
i mean he 's a great leader he 's determined and actually seems a lot like jahad prior to his plan of world domination .
basically he 's being set up as the replacement for jahad .
elected member experiences survey bad behaviour threatens progress must be called out https www.lgnz.co.nz/news-and-media/2022-media-releases/elected-member-experiences-survey-bad-behaviour-threatens-progress-must-be-called-out .
local government nz on racism and gender discrimination in politics https www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/local-body-elections/129288115/local-government-nz-on-racism-and-gender-discrimination-in-politics .
'your people should be alright they 've raised the benefit ' māori councillors say they face racism https www.rnz.co.nz/news/te-manu-korihi/471340/maori-councillors-say-they-face-racism-in-role-well-your-people-should-be-alright-they-ve-raised-the-benefit .
i 've got one that shakes the camera very violently if i crouch and look directly upward
i 'm going to have to add chuck rock 2 son of chuck .
it 's my experience and for an autistic person it 's exhausting to be the only human for someone .
i am also not suggesting that this is op 's situation but if it is spending time and having fun with good friends or even family could help a bit .
another option most car insurance companies i have dealt with have a special insurance for stored vehicles you may be able to set up the insurance cheaply and online so no need to uber to the dmv
pano pag gusto mong idownvote ang comment without tapping the downvote button ?
one thing that helped me alot when mastering this fight is as long as you do n't have the healing debuff on you he will try constantly to apply it .
just step to the right and hit him once .
the lower his health the slower and eventual stop to his posture regain will net you an easy victory .
also like many others have said be way more aggressive .
good luck and may the good blood gui ... . wrong game sorry .
dear sugargoo customer if you have n't joined our discord community please join here https discord.gg/sugargoo
if you have any questions please feel free to contact us here or on discord at any time !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/repbudgetsneakers if you have any questions or concerns .
asexuality is a lack of sexual attraction where sexual attraction is a strong innate urge/craving to have sex with a specific person .
only you can know for sure whether you experience sexual attraction since only you have first hand knowledge of your own internal feelings .
regardless of whether or not you 're asexual it 's okay to not like sex .
not liking sex does n't make you wrong or broken .
close the rarest possible for a cs case is a knife/glove but still an ak skin which is some good money
have you signed up for the library summer reading challenge ?
at least he 'll get some smelly stickers for doing that .
good luck on selling this shirt with bilal 's saying on it !
love it.. if that 's a 75g they might get a little cramped when they grow but if you keep up with water changes should be all good .
maybe if only people who bought the game previously could use crowns it 'd be possible similar to fortnite where if you bought pve mode you could farm vbucks because there 's no way crowns are coming back for everyone to keep the game running
it 's the same argument and issue every time .
good fuckin job i 'm glad i can steer just one trailer back .
windows 10,4gb ram intel i3-7100 integrated videocard intel hd630 running in like 60-70 fps on minimum graphics
i mean if you want a government run social media platform i 'm sure there 's one out there somewhere .
maybe not a government you like but a government none the less .
also the majority of the content we consume has always been exclusively hosted by private companies .
unless it 's pbs or npr in the us a private company owns it .
you have the same voice you had before social media existed .
what the hell is being said that diverts a multi-billion dollar company away from monitoring misinformation and moderating their community to get censor people ?
seriously what reasonable thing is someone being censored for that 's making them cry my rights are being violated '' ?
release order you 'll get the most out of the fairly convoluted but fun plot
changi village has that far away from civilisation vibes that i like .
however i also feel that one day it may just end up like neo tiew estate ...
it does not op is 16f girls do n't grow much more at this age .
buying clothes 2 sizes large happens when you 're like 6 and guaranteed to grow more
im wild guessing but seems maybe hud and game resolution wont cooperate
if you 've ever been on a plane you have moved at those speeds without experiencing the effect of those speeds .
fighter pilots routinely fly faster than 1000mph and as long as they are flying straight and level they 're just chilling up there .
when you are on a train you feel the movement as you accelerate but once the train reaches a constant speed all you feel is the gentle rocking due to the small changes in the terrain .
you do n't feel speed you feel changes in speed .
you do n't feel direction you feel changes in direction .
the change in both speed and direction of the earth is very tiny .
i know a few asshats that have n't stopped using 3 different accounts all year and they 're still running like nothing so i doubt it besides someone prob tried getting a free meal off you by reporting you
i 've been trying to hard to finish this series and it 's horrible first book was good and then it crashed and burned
b while it may have caused chaos in the beginning the british army along with the northern ireland police force with vastly superior numbers would have defeated them quite quickly .
c the british government would have taken punitive action against the republic of ireland .
i wish you the best of luck finding your dream car !
children have changed so much my daughter is 24 .
they use to nap 4 hours a day and sleep.for 12 hours a night .
i did find that specifying to my daughter that we would have a certain amount of quiet time every day did wonders .
it kept me sane and taught her that she does not have to be ' '' on '' all the time .
we also found that she was very bright so the energy came from curiosity .
see if you can find a few age appropriate learning programs on the computer for her to use during quiet time .
preferably not apps because having to learn the keyboard and mouse control will challenge her further .
if you 'd like to receive a weekly recap of cxd with the top posts and their alternative links send me a message with the subject 'cxd ' https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=musicmirrorman subject=cxd message=for 20a 20daily 20recap 2c 20make 20the 20subject 20 27cxd 20daily 27 or send me a chat with the text cxd
apple music agony keep this up https music.apple.com/us/album/keep-this-up/1628720971 confidence 100 ''
deezer agony keep this up https www.deezer.com/track/1784860907 confidence 100 ''
soundcloud agony keep this up https soundcloud.com/agonyintl/keep-this-up confidence 100 ''
spotify agony keep this up https open.spotify.com/track/3lfbpanuqb7ta2uf8cbfkt confidence 100 ''
youtube music agony keep this up https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=nwnbxfkbr-u list=rdamvmnwnbxfkbr-u confidence 100 ''
links to search result pages amazon https music.amazon.com/search/agony+keep+this+up apple music https music.apple.com/us/search ? term=agony+keep+this+up bandcamp https bandcamp.com/search ? q=agony+keep+this+up deezer https deezer.com/search/agony 20keep 20this 20up/track soundcloud https soundcloud.com/search/sounds ? q=agony+keep+this+up spotify https open.spotify.com/search/agony 20keep 20this 20up tidal https listen.tidal.com/search ? q=agony+keep+this+up youtube music https music.youtube.com/search ? q=agony+keep+this+up
let me know the names of any other subreddits in which you want me to look for mirrors .
do you think there 's a single person in the history of the world who has stopped being afraid of something because their cousin told them that they were being selfish ?
i have a magnetic umbrella to keep me dry .
if i 'm camping out in a rooftop repair it 's nice to block the sun with also .
you were speaking in a way that made it seem as if you think banning ok groomer '' is a bad thing despite the term groomer '' having transformed into an anti-lgbtqia slur in recent months .
but you 're 462 so i 'm not surprised you hate gay people as much as you hate black people .
i tend to think that musah is a little overrated among us fans .
but he 's still going to start most games and he 's not a name that most would recognize .
let 's put it this way if you 're watching a world cup match and a player you 've never heard of does anything on the field that catches your attention you might be very surprised to find out that he 's also a 19 year old on a pretty decent la liga team .
nobody else really has that same ability to surprise because they 're all already well enough known .
idk i 'm a woman so i know nothing about penises but you had unprotected sex with a woman you 're not 100 certain she 's clean you should get tested anyway
is your sense of gender so fragile that your one bad car accident away from not having a gender ?
if they gave you an artifical robot dick are you less of a man now ?
you technically have fake penis are you a fake man
i 'd still be a man without my penis .
but that 's only because it 's not the only male reproductive organ .
i 'll ask again ca n't i identify as 80 ?
if gender is a social construct then ca n't time be ?
where do we draw the line as to what is or is n't a social construct ?
i returned at 10 months rather than 12 months for a job opportunity .
it was a good transition from me to him to daycare .
i did not regret it and i felt happy being back in the adult world .
it seemed impossible to do when i thought about it at 6 months but by 10 months things got much easier and i felt comfortable .
maybe you can let me know which events specifically you were referring to then .
i mean yes but fr i am not lying to you .
racists are now getting angrier every time that their waifu '' is not fucking with a guy that does n't look like he is all pale from malnutrition .
now even tones that are clearly white are classified as yellow '' or brown '' by these weirdos they are no longer angry just with black people but with anything that is less white than cum itself .
shit i wish i could find something to kill hair loss all over my body and ears lol .
it can stay on my head but man i hate it everywhere else .
actually i like both of them because they are n't trying to fake being tall .
they own their height and use it to their advantage .
i just do n't like him he feels 'plastic . '
and that 's why the share price is up 7 in after hours trading .
her eyes began to droop but she kept them open .
im 33 and have many times had men say that my scars are weirdly attractive .
but the same amount of men said my smoking was sexy so there 's that too .
so shanks is near wano but has no intention of meeting luffy 🤨 is he after pluton then ?
this man waited for kaido to fall and now he 's going to swoop in
i would kill for stadium arcadium full album dlc .
in italy finding work depends on skills luck a lot of luck sometime and how you behave heather parisi was 18 years old she knew how to dance she went to a discoteca in rome where a television choreographer noticed her and was hired kay rush had 19 years old and she was a graduate did the disk jokey and being good as dj and having an exotic look japanese mother was hired many italian boys are rude boring as death banal do not even know how to argue and remain unemployed .
there are job opportunities here in italy too we also have an american football championship long story short you have to see who hires how much they pay and where they work .
a unjust society will cause a class of anxious depressed individuals .
instead an unjust society should label itself mentally ill '' .
chronic social inequality/inequity suffered by an individual will manifest as exogenous anxiety/depression etc .
on the other hand there are people who suffer from endogenous mental illness.which means they have enough in all 3 categories of life health wealth and relationships and still get mentally ill .
endogenous and exogenous issues are often lumped into the same category unfortunately .
this is a major problem in the current practice of mental health .
some recent research suggests that it is tartaric acid .
if you are going to post about it you should do the most minimal googling first if you do n't know .
i am actually wondering since lots of hindu i met suggest i convert if im not practicing islam anyways although they tell me u ca n't really convert more like just start practicing
initially i suspected it was a dpydit post ... but it turned out to be so much worse .
it was a lifesaver for me on my last trip .
you need the electrolytes from the powerade to retain the water and so you can stay hydrated .
schaub can be a fourth stringer on offense and st .
omg i saw you with exeggcuted on wt boards the other day !
meant to compliment but i 'm usually just lurking .
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
frenchmen st which is a popular street for nightlife where you can catch some live jazz .
it 's not in french quarter but they host jazz funk blues rnb .
id suggest going to one of the og nola restaurants antoine 's commanders palace galatoire 's dooky chase or brennans to get an idea of true traditional nola food .
then there 's the mid level price range places like deanie 's mr. eds or superior seafood .
if you 're looking for something not that fancy try coop 's place verti mart willie mae 's cooter browns or lil dizzy .
killer poboys for hipster poboys and parkway or domilise 's for an og poboy .
the sculpture garden and museum of art both located in city park .
the old new orleans mint and jazz museum located on esplanade .
uk here crazy to me to think 19 year olds ca n't drink in the us !
my brother is 16 and is allowed an occasional beer/wine with dinner provided his parents have ok 'd it .
you are nta however i 'd have personally asked his parents if he was allowed a small glass etc .
density can be different for dmt even in the same batch .
i like how none of your options are an actual negative response .
none of you would be working without full service sex workers .
respect the roots of sw or do n't bother participating in it
so what should i do as a beginner learning full stack ?
should n't the left side be a linear line with a slope of 1 ?
oh man i wan na cry lol but thank you for your reply !
so i took the test in 2012 at roxbury community college in boston ma .
when i go onto diploma sender it still shows up and shows the scores but as you stated that probably does n't matter anymore which is a shame because that was over 10 years ago and god ...
do you know if there 's a way to find out if they are still good or whatever ?
i 'm currently living in royse city which is like 30-40 minutes from dallas texas .
i just got here about a week ago so i 'm still settling in .
i 'm hoping to get a car on friday so once that happens a lot more possibility 's will open up for me .
i 've been afraid of doing all this for so long and putting it off but i really want to get it done with and look into either a nursing program or a beauty school .
also i wish i could add pictures on here to show you what i mean about the test i already took so you maybe would have a better idea but idk how to do that on mobile .
thank you for taking your time out to respond to me truly means a lot .
he 's not saying it 's a bad thing that paid publicity exists or anything lol he 's literally just pointing it out .
hey loved the game however i 'm facing an issue in the 3rd map campo merco .
i 've beaten the arena and need to fight the guardian now however the portal is still locked .
all of the great jedi masters have died with inner peace ben yoda and now luke .
it always felt like they died seeing something beyond this mortal realm .
this was the perfect way for him to go imho
i dont know your situation but cypro bica or just monotherapy are better options most the time
yeah look for them in seek there are heaps of them .
it 's a little sexist to make the man pay 100 do n't you think ?
paying 100 of the mothers salary only works if the father makes significantly more than the mother .
are you arguing in favor of women making 70 of a mans salary ?
instead of the preps versus the goths it 's the fundies versus idk the catholics ?
got diddly and the keys were under the mat .
empty rumors from some player '' that was told by some cg dev '' at star wars celebration that it wo n't be happening .
typical mike zeroh my inside source at disney told me it 's cival war at disney and they 're firing kathleen kennedy next week ! ''
sometimes these higher beings know you 're not ready yet and if you were to experience a higher level it would cause you much chaos and destruction .
my husband gets them on special occasions when my jaw is n't too painful .
imagine being so entitled that someone not hurting themselves for your pleasure makes you angry .
i wonder what the indiana state fair folks would make of this completely unnecessary and irrelevant message that they felt the need to broadcast on their advertising https www.indianastatefair.com/p/state-fair/entertainment/featured-farmers/gutwein-popcorn
edit they are also sold on the shop indiana grown website and the terms of service https www.indianagrown.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/indiana-grown-terms-of-service.pdf for membership in indiana grown prohibit harassment abuse discrimination or other conduct by a member in any form or forum or by the employees or representatives of a member which is detrimental to indiana grown or is a misrepresentation of the brand and/or logo could lead to permanent dismissal from the program with no opportunity for reinstatement . ''
i wonder if they would approve of these messages ?
in the case of the uk it 's actually the first time also do n't be that guy and start gatekeeping heat europe is literally on fire .
nowhere in humpty dumpty is it stated or implied that he is an egg .
das ding ist das stimmt schlichtweg nicht jede nachkommastelle zählt .
ob 1,8°c oder 1,9°c macht auch noch einen ziemlichen unterschied da die klimafolgekosten exponentiell steigen und kipppunkte auch noch eine rolle spielen .
auch wenn 1,5°c eher unrealistisch ist bleibt es trotzdem sinnvoll als gesellschaft so viel wie irgendwie möglich zu tun .
while you guys were talking i stole all of your water without you noticing sincerely capitalist
we talk for awhile before we work and its for work .
i 'm really disappointed there 's just so much they could have done with the pack .
someone said this is more of a teen pack then a high school pack and i completely agree .
the high school looks so huge and boring i wanted discover university but easier like at least 4 classes and i wanted to be able to actually control my sim while their in class like note passing falling asleep cheating on a test .
not only that but the clubs are boring and i was excited for cheerleadering but it 's only your sim on a mat .
i would have loved if they let us apply/interview for a job at the boba shop .
like it does n't have to be active i 'd would have been fine watching my sim try and do a good job depending on the career or skill level .
funny how no one complained maria is only in the game to remind us tommy is straight .
but i see a clear 0 next to bitches .
agree just get rid of pitbulls ... the raiders ... and lowriders ... would solve so many problems
let me slide my tongue inside n taste your sweet walls for u
i 'm a test analyst and was n't being sarcastic .
it 's people announcing things like goldens are also dangerous see here is one article '' that leads to bad science or worse no science being presented as fact that people who do n't know better latch onto .
it happens time and time again one nobody like andrew wakefield want 's to look important and a short time later thousands die because vaccines cause autism '' .
i 'll not hit into a back and forth on who knows more about stats because it 's screaming into the void .
if you know about stats then good you know what to do .
if you do n't look into measuring statistical significance and null vs alternative hypothesis .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
ואז למרות שקבעו שההורדה תהיה רבעונית דקה אחרי זה העלו אותו עוד יותר .
i only grinded 20 minutes or so and then the rest i played sitting still with an incense .
multiple tank syndrome is about to be getting real if you are lucky you got a side hustle on your hands .
i think tunnelling should be addressed also as it takes top level communication to survive it if even possible .
once these changes happen the game will feel a lot better .
you hear about this lots but when you 're experiencing it you think it is n't real but when you 're a teenager your hormones are going nuts and everything is so much harder .
you look back as an adult and cringe at how much everything affected you .
that alone is a good enough reason to power through .
all the end game guns but other than that kits charge was my fav i love that shotgun sm
my understanding is the financial incentives are the core of it .
edit i should have said public blockchain although i seriously doubt private blockchains will be all that common
the current chinese version of the xiaomi band 7pro does not do this .
i 'm just saying you 're going to get yourself in trouble if you follow that advice about carrying where it 's prohibited in ohio .
you 're much more likely to catch a case than stop a shooter .
so i guess do n't go anywhere that 's a posted gun free zone .
unfortunately around the cities that 's practically every business .
you 're better off without her she sounds like an immature child .
underrated has nothing to do with being popular it 's related to its rating how it 's perceived .
something can be known by not a lot of people and still be held in very high regard .
but nowadays people assimilate rating with popularity when those things are completely different .
the primes are sequence 40 in the oeis https oeis.org/a000040 .
1 number of groups of order n 0 1 1 1 2 1 2 1 5 2 2 1 5 1 2 1 14 ...
5 number of divisors of n 1 2 2 3 2 4 2 4 3 4 2 6 2 4 4 ...
10 euler phi function numbers n and relatively prime to n 1 1 2 2 4 2 6 ...
black men are murdered by black men the most and white men are murdered by white men the most .
it 's not about race it 's about access .
people murder whoever is easy to access and generally do n't go out of their way to do it .
turf wars are generally coin flips as to whether or not someone dcs/throws/parties/etc .
there is no reason to dc intentionally though you do n't get anything at all and the game counts as a loss .
i do n't really play turf all that often s+0 is my highest rank and i 'm level 70ish so i 'm probably not too much of a help .
so now you 're both stupid assholes 🤔 congrats on stopping to the level of a bum ?
if they hated metal they would n't have proficiencies in metal weapons .
but metal armor is going to be heavier and noisier when you 're out in the wilds and require more care than similar leathers or fabrics .
they can wear metal armor but they typically won't because it 's not suited to their needs .
and since they do n't use it they do n't have the experience to be proficient in it .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you would like this removal reviewed please read the detailed rules https www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/wiki/detailed_rules first .
if you believe this was removed erroneously please use this form https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=please 20review 20my 20thread ? message=link 20 url 0a 0athe 20concept 20i 20want 20explained 0a 0a list 20the 20search 20terms 20you 20used 20to 20look 20for 20past 20posts 20on 20eli5 0a 0ahow 20is 20this 20post 20unique and we will review your submission .
if you want to discuss what kibbe himself says in this sub 's glossary it is claimed that david specifically said that pear weight distribution is to be associated with yang .
now my understanding of double curve is generally substantiated by months of accumulating info from various sources including poring over verified celebrity photos but when i actually google double curve kibbe nothing comes up directly from david kibbe .
i 'd actually be delighted no shade i promise haha quite the opposite if you have a quote from kibbe himself defining what double curve can and can not be .
i have to circulate air around my laptop or they keys get too hot to play .
but i cant play on ps4 anymore so i do n't have an option .
if this submission was flaired inaccurately click here https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/resources wiki_accurately_flairing_content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
power consumption on those x5000 versions not the best somewhere there 's a polar bear starving but they are still usable .
if you would like that sweet verified sexy flair which gets more attention from members then check out our verification process here .
https www.reddit.com/r/sexy/wiki/index/verification verified users are also automatically entered in the contest to have their photo in featured spot located in the sidebar about tab in the app .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexy if you have any questions or concerns .
i love seeing people actually win things from online contests ! !
hey it 's better than literally a machine from the 1960 's .
some missile silos are going with a 'its so old they wo n't know how it works ' mentality .
yeah that 's a classic symptom of narcissistic behavior based on what i 've read
i get what you are saying but remember there are plenty of decent people on the right of the aisle who would like to mitigate the chance of trump or another like him hijacking their party and tearing it asunder again .
it 's no secret the soviets kinda made bad decisions during ww2 .
they had some to show for it but not much to show for it .
sure the soviets got like ... a good chunk of eastern and central europe but it was n't even all of it and what they got was like ... never the best off economically and just ... not all that useful .
and yet the western allies got rome tokyo and half of berlin .
in this timeline it 's the red army that truly wins i guess ... part of it is during operation barbarossa stalin orders the western ussr to be evacuated each time the germans advance until a successful plan can be made to beat them back saving the population from being killed in such great numbers and ... allowing the red army to stay large .
when the smoke clears the soviets occupy all of germany up to the rhine even austria and establish a greater east germany .
in italy yugoslavia wins the border disputes easily and east rome is occupied by the soviets eventually becoming a communist city-state a weird part of the warsaw pact .
in east asia the red army gets all of korea and northern japan while tokyo is split .
north japan has the kuril islands south sakhalin hokkaido and of course the northern half of honshu and north tokyo .
in finland ... the continuation war does n't just see them losing minor territories but it sees them completely losing independence as stalin orders for the annexation of finland into the finnish-karelian ssr .
back in east asia it looks like the nationalists are winning the chinese civil war so the soviets hastily cut off xinjiang parts of inner mongolia and manchuria while an alternate long march sees the communists who do n't flee to the newly established puppet states fleeing to taiwan .
this of course starts a crisis as the soviets and chinese were literally just allies in ww2 and the rest of the world is a bit horrified but ... this crisis is forgotten about .
in this world the warsaw pact would stretch from frankfurt and east rome in the far west and taipei and north tokyo in the far east .
in between would be cities such as helsinki moscow leningrad warsaw budapest etc and then cities such as tirana and belgrade as yugoslavia and albania would never leave .
the warsaw pact would be significantly more powerful than our own world as would comecon .
as for nato and the eu ... even if this story is n't about them i feel they should be mentioned since they 'd be significantly less powerful they 'd be forced to get additional members .
for nato these additions would be the bahamas mexico panama colombia ireland rhineland sweden brazil and morocco respectively while argentina would be a close partner .
as for the eu the additional members would be turkey iran norway and even morocco .
back to the warsaw pact the richest nations would ironically be of course the ussr but also germany north japan finland and ... east rome yugoslavia would n't exactly be a poor nation either though honestly none of the nations would exactly be poor .
here 's the long list of warsaw pact members in this alternate world ussr poland germany finland hungary czechoslovakia romania yugoslavia east rome albania bulgaria afghanistan south yemen the second east turkestan republic expanded to encompass all of xinjiang mongolia with significant parts of inner mongolia communist manchuria communist taiwan korea north japan vietnam laos cambodia and malaysia .
keep in mind those would n't even be every communist state of this world just the ones immediately around the ussr .
the main enemies of the alliance would be the united states saudi arabia france britain italy sweden south japan and of course the republic of china .
the cold war would still end in ... a similar enough fashion germany and eastern+central europe becoming capitalist and joining nato east rome voting to rejoin the rest of italy .
afghanistan would be a bit better off than in our own world the soviets would be dumping enough aid from them every year to industrialize to a much higher degree and ... the taliban never has a large presence in the nation .
north japan rejoins the south as korea gradually becomes capitalist too .
taiwan collapses and joins the mainland republic of china briefly but communist insurgents quickly reestablish communism on the island and fight in the mountains to get the roc off the island for good .
communist terrorism becomes a very real thing in this world however .
a group centered in taiwan does the equivalent to 9/11 in this world which not only affects the us but they also attack beijing and shanghai during the attacks and well ... the invasion of taiwan goes about as well as the invasion of afghanistan with forces finally withdrawing in 2020 .
the gulf war equivalent is the romanian invasion of moldova and in a similar fashion to iraq being invaded in the 2000s ... romania is invaded after the dictator responsible for the earlier invasion of moldova is ousted neo-communist insurgents of course cause an entirely new issue .
this world is much more chaotic if you could n't tell .
and you know how the kgb tried ousting gorbachev for his reforms and tried reestablishing stalinism in the ussr ?
in this world instead of that they seize large parts of siberia and begin a guerrilla campaign so ... thats what modern russia has to deal with ... but hey atleast they do n't have putin as a leader .
well i 've honestly run out of things to say originally i was gon na say the warsaw pact survives indefinitely which it probably would with that much added power but this seemed more interesting .
they even brought back tetrix bass and eh ! de and they 're pretty good songs
ca n't wait for it to actually be a new dps instead
wait is this the guy who wears shoes that make him look taller ?
things still progress but not at the crazy rate that neighborhood stories creates .
plus mccc lets me change their clothes in cas .
one of my personal favorites from dustin is definitely shit !
what if a woman is carrying twins but one of them tries to consume the other ?
could the mother legally abort that baby in an attempt to prevent it ?
would mom be an accessory if she did n't ?
what kind of life is that for a child ?
they 've really streamlined the birth to prison pipeline though ...
lol yup i may feel momentarily feel better but it 's just as easy for depression to kick right back in like i heard a super mellow song from my childhood and would start crying
arver is the worst thing to ever happen to the franchise .
i regret to inform you that korchnoi was never world champion .
this right here is why i 'm taking kittle over kelce .
kittle is just more diverse and amazing off less targets
i hunted the ss1s set while we could still take the blade off and got 17/22 prefixes done .
of the 5 that i was still missing when they finally fixed it i still need 4 ... and the one i got post-patch still bladed was aristocrat 's .
i was n't holding my breath but if yours was bladeless i was gon na shit my pants and happy dance .
i appreciate the quick reply and good luck with the trades nice list !
we could have done with keeping them for this .
i mean surely the police would n't mind bringing order to a unruly fire now .
what about all the shot biden has said in the past ? ?
my wife used to manage field work for syngenta pioneer and monsanto in the summers .
she learned spanish to be a better boss and the workers appreciated that .
she told them once that she wanted to try corn smut .
every summer she came home with handfuls of it .
it 's 4am and rbis is making me so hungry lol
i think you need to be able to spell 'repelled ' properly and learn proper grammar before calling anyone a microscopic brain .
it may have only been 12 pounds on the scale but i 'm betting you lost a lot more in body fat and put on a few pounds of muscle along the way .
i thought of that but i looked it up and you 're not supposed to put anything in a sodastream besides water and flavoring because it can cause damage to the machine and the resulting damage leads to the liquids 'exploding ' so i could see people putting non-water in it but i 'm just gon na pretend i have some faith in humanity and say it 's just water and flavoring .
yea but you dont ha e to deal with 10c winters .
those mics makes this all star game so much better
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
how long before you take the shrooms do you take the zofran ?
i go every other week or so for years .
mikhail/michael is the new owner and he 's done a great job remodeling and making the space bigger cleaner fixing the wood stove and keeping the cold plunge ice cold .
there 's a masseuse and massage room available to schedule as well now .
beyond the sitting area in the restaurant in the banya clothing optional if anyone is not comfortable with it they can ask michael to let them know and people are accommodating .
i 've seen both men and women of all ages often just have bath towels around them or open or half covered when sitting down in the banya and michael asks that everyone either wears a towel or bath robe in the restaurant area too .
cold plunge is no clothes only to keep it as clean as possible there 's a curtain .
place is a hidden gem in dfw i think and one of the best ways to relax .
although it can get expensive with the veniks platza massage and food .
check out the facebook page for video tours of the place https facebook.com/groups/2313681832095041
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetloversheaven if you have any questions or concerns .
secondly you are ignoring the fact that not all vanes weigh the same hence not all vanes will add a bunch of weight just by adding 1 vane .
i could see you claiming small and diminished returns if i shot mechanicals but i do n't .
plenty of proof out there that changing came configuration makes drastic differences with fixed blade .
i 've tried stellaris and crusader king 2 both terrible
ang goal nila ay propaganda kahit konti ang income as long as makuha yung goal okay na sa kanila yon
cash shit no feel and woah are some i can think of off the top of my head with really good bass
rakuten insight survey lifepoints ormax online the panel station z.com toluna surveys crownit surveys etc .
it 's not actually killing a crab like another comment stated
it 's an easy install and decent peace of mind .
as others have mentioned burglars will be opening the door with a kick or a pry bar not a lockpick .
my car has really bright stock xenon led headlights i always feel like a huge douche people flash at me when my low beams are on i am overwhelmed with guilt
the wokeness '' does not affect the quality of the season lmao
please tell me that you 're carrying 30 iron ore stones for when you find/remember to buy the transmute spell at least .
my mom has accidentally sent money to someone else when she was trying to send it to me .
she requested it back and luckily they sent it back .
like i said i try to engage in good faith and often that means i have to get personal and vulnerable yknow ?
but that 's also part of bdsm to me that kind of radical communication of everything i am is on the table let 's discuss us '' kind of approach .
i could easily see that kind of trust and intimacy lending itself to certain sorts of personality traits or certain sorts of people gravitating to that sort of approach to relationships .
when bdsm works it 's an absolutely beautiful thing .
i ca n't speak to the specific details of your experience since you have n't shared them with me but if you decide to share more i 'd be glad to hear .
createx is water based so that stuff is probably water with some detergent in it .
a lot of people can be stupid or careless .
i still would prefer my car window not broken .
r/onlyfansnaturallyhot is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnaturallyhot if you have any questions or concerns .
the more recent as of like last year or this jan was tiktok sexual assault trend '' https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/mwvxny/tik_tok_started_a_sexual_assault_trend ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share
do n't worry they 're going to have a mighty conference over this .
i got lucky and caught a red light and could n't resist a photo .
i wish i had a chance to take a pic of the 2 cars in front of them across the intersection .
oh i 'd love to try something i knew was brewed within walking distance .
though yes the best beer i had was local to a lake i was camping at .
maybe that 's part of what made it so good haha .
remember to check our discord where you can get faster responses !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pchelp if you have any questions or concerns .
my girlfriend in college got every drink like this .
she 's say be back in a minute and literally within minutes some guy would buy her a drink .
she 'd leave having barely talked to him and come back to me .
needless to say i have never used the can i buy you a drink opener .
well i 've never been in usa but an art professor and family friend went because the cervantes institute in chicago organized an exhibition of his paintings .
he was surprised how if he presents as spaniard was treated like an immigrant .
but if he presented himself as european then people was a lot more nice .
also he felt slim in comparison with the more generally obese population .
i hoped for spartan ops to return seeing the focus on mp story missions but sincerely i knew that the story filled content '' was nothing less than this after all ...
even fractures gave me this feeling of this thing exists so we gave it 0,1 grams of lore and called it a compelling story ''
e secondo te se l'applicazione riesce a vedere il dato in chiaro non passa dal sistema proxy ?
😃 but he play mostly sp over and over again xd i play online lvl 1133 1.2b total earned 1.1b spent 😃 200m in bank right now all legit also i have second character about lvl200 i think d
so i was toying around with dalle mini and asked it to draw tali in the style of yoji shinkawa .
you are not the cause or solution to the worlds problem so you should n't take them on board as your personal burdens .
you focusing on the bad news of the world is only doing you harm at this point .
so leave it behind for at least a little while .
focus on the things that you have some control over .
i always search words up and what they mean but i end up forgetting them instantly anyways i 'm just going to speak more and see how that turns out .
thank you so much i really appreciate the fact that you took your time to help !
your past letter 3 months ago said you let go but now you live with regret .
it 's never too late to tell someone how you feel i say this because what if what if something still remains in their soul too
i 'm here for all the fallout new vegas jokes .
yes in fact this generation of young kids and young adults who is the selfy generation shall become the selfless generation
i 'm just sick of being bad at crossfit even when i was good at lifting
everyone has their good workouts and their not-so-good ones .
you 're doing great just by showing up and moving .
he was asked to do 9 but turned it down to do knives out .
yes i see it a lot on twitch in particular .
i first noticed it in an australian 's stream so i thought it was an aussie thing but i hear it from all manner of english speakers .
i do n't like it but have gotten used to it .
i had sal delivered to the uk in 13 days and another in 21 days .
i never knew what oatmeal and bleach in a ziplock bag looked like before today .
dia de los muertos is based off an aztec celebration .
it may have some similarities to samhain but they never influenced each other .
the world and other animals would do better without us meddling .
not the best but it 's in normal range .
i just ca n't stop going and it 's been 3 days
com o patrocínio do watai não percam os próximos episódios porque nos também não
shooter is the reason why i rate this game so highly .
i never realized that there 's not a single candle to fill up hearts in the underground waterway .
i think the game suffers from the perception that you 're supposed to get 100 on the first run .
but without a walkthrough it 's basically impossible to find most dss cards in standard mode .
there 's a reason magician is the first unlock .
ikr his voice was lame but in cold war his voice was so cool
i never used retroarch but if it is the same as the rest of emulators all you need to do is figure out what file format the default save is like .mp3 for music or .jpg for pictures and simply modify one of my save files replace the .sav '' or .sa1 '' by the retroarch save file format and make sure the name of the rom pokemon unbound and the name of the save match .
example the name of the rom is pokeunbou '' and the save file format is .exp '' you just download either one of my saves and change its name to pokeunbou.exp ''
no jenze nemuzeme porad vsichni chodit s diktafonem a pisemne to nikdo neda
and the audacity to say no one can judge her son especially to the people who lost babies ...
yes god is the ultimate judgement but these people have the right to be angry and judge this monster🤷🏽‍♀️
first time ever there has been a new single for a new album cycle and only had 2 new masks ...
by the way i ca n't eat lamb or spongish '' meat .
we know this we have known this and in my industry we have actively talked about improving asset resilience .
however it comes down to money which usually results in half measures ir no measures at all .
fix on failure tends to be the attitude at the moment .
i truly hope the industry is changing to embrace changes .
i know new infrastructure is designed with climate change considerations but the problem is the existing stuff which tends to be ignored even when warnings are made .
he 's definitely guilty but the skim physical evidence makes me uncomfortable about the trial tbh .
i was wondering how you got a weapon to 25 but then i realized i 've been using a certain kind of weapon the whole game that only goes up to 10 .
it 's really not that hard to figure out .
the only purpose of a human being is to get fucked ?
because humans dont live for sex and the ones that do are nothing but a minority who willingly throw out all the romanticism of falling in love .
love life is important in a relationship definitely not better than all the things you can do with your other half except that though ...
there are a couple i 've never seen before .
two headed eagle was not used as state symbol in ww2 .
i ca n't sleep on the ship right now since my crew does n't own the hull at this time .
this is the same as the gun control argument .
but you get less accidents if you just ban the offending item !
there are plenty of dog breeds no one needs a pit bull .
thanks mate paid quite a chunk for it so i 'll be sure to try and keep it nice !
could i use iso to clean it after a few goes ?
or just the included tools if it includes any ?
ich hoffe du kannst dich auf andere menschen verlassen die nicht so hängengeblieben sind .
a general rule is to add 95-100 points to the raw score to pass so aiming for a raw score of 70 or so should be enough depending on the test .
the fact that saitama has a new move called ‘normal playback ' is absolutely mind blowing .
he probably forgot it temporarily upon merging with his past self but the fact that he still has genos ' core and a half ripped uniform gives me hope we will see a ‘serious playback ' one day .
how do you prove it lessened your exact symptoms when ill
it 's like salting your food before you 've tasted it .
although hobbit and gambit never told us and we never asked .
sure engineers did n't design the trusses to hold the front end of a 70 fleetwood 2 ' in the air either .
but honey is used mainly for children not women .
i find it completely weird how these people exist all in the same batshit way and do n't see their qualities as outing them as mentally ill .
but most of us have zero to a few things on our car .
writing shit on your car and placing a million bumper stickers on it is like a huge red flag for batshit .
cuz bigots tend to be shitty people that do shitty things .
yes but not as easily as pissing in the pussy .
that should definitely be the name of a band .
... in front of what you paste as well .
we used to have to do all the tricks manually .
thanks the sd1 has worked well with every amp i 've owned .
if you were not two timezones over id recommend pia .
its a third of the cost for a total program but id be willing to bet you have significant credits that would transfer .
there a song cover and then there a megan thee stallion cover !
i 'd say any role where being a poc is essential to the character .
so for example a strange loop at least the main character needs to be poc i 've only read the little tagline for it so not sure how many need to .
or seaweed in hairspray needs to be a poc because otherwise the whole civil rights movement framing does n't work .
take john veljean nothing about his character makes it essential for him to be a certain race therefore he can be played by any race .
however calogero in bronx tale needs to be white because it provides the divide between italians and african-americans in the bronx in the 2nd act plus his friends have to make racist statements for him to be confronted with the racism around him which does n't really work if he is not white and living in a very insular community .
he 's a natural c and only started alternating between c/lw with the usntdp .
well if your on a chromebook or computer just press on the ... and press on the small t next to the large t if you 're on a phone your on your own !
lol looks like they fucked up again how much do they need to fuck up
as for the lesson he 's teaching his daughter well he 'd be teaching her it 's ok to lie and steal as long as it makes her feel better and then expect other people to bail her out of her bad decisions .
sorry but that 's not the real world and there are a million ways he can set a good example for her without giving in to emotional blackmail
parkkeeraus kiellot on syystä esim pelastusajoneuvoil tarkotetut tiet on syystä ja sit ku niille parkkeerataa nii ei välttiis käy hyvi jos paikal ei päästä .
samate inva paikat on tehty syystä ei niit oo tarkotettu keillekkää ketkä oikeesti on hyväs kunnos ja omistaa iha toimivan kropan ja mainostaa sitä viel et kui urheilulline ja hyvä kunto on siin tapaukses oo mielummi se pari min myöhäs ja kävele😅
this type of comment is so boringly predictable after every episode
labour says it never actually provided a written statement – instead general secretary rob salmond met with officials .
prime minister jacinda ardern said as you can imagine the labour party position is in line with the government position.
brightwell did not say which three parties had requested anonymity and stuff has asked for clarification .
for all we know it includes national regardless of if they 've released their submission
the political parties which the ministry received submissions from provided these on a confidential basis kathy brightwell
so they 're not being released because they 're considered confidential national has since released theirs the greens say they would be happy too in the article so if labour did n't provide a submission it sounds like act is the third party
help us keep the sub protected by reporting the following
we automatically filter out posts containing certain words that are considered offensive .
for serious discussion join our sibling sub vegancirclejerkchat https reddit.com/r/vegancirclejerkchat
join our official discord must be 21 https discord.gg/zxzvgaj .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vegancirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've seen a few episodes and would disagree .
i had the same question a few years ago and i 'm still figuring out a proper answer but for me went like this i started feeling bad about the way i looked so i started to observe others people styles things like haircut necklace rings shirts pants even socks .
tried a few styles within what make me comfortable and with time i 'm realizing what i like best
there is n't a big deal unless your control is poor then i can fully understand the endo 's continuous effort to try and help improve your health and lifespan by suggesting a pump in the hopes you have changed your mind .
if control is good however with nice tir cv and a1c then yeah i do n't get why someone would give you shit or be judgemental .
if that 's your thing and you do well with it good .
but i get people wanting to convince you though having switched to a pump myself after major reluctance .
not trying to convince you not being judgemental just ... recognise myself in your story and i 'm happy i decided to give pumping a shot one day .
it is you lot with no understanding of consciousness .
fetuses do not have it at all not till very very late .
but asking you stupid pieces of shit to understand or accept reality is asking too much .
you already believe in a book written thousands of years ago changed many times that is nothing like its original form .
and that can be proven wrong in literally every thing it says .
not one thing in the bible is backed up by any historical evidence that is n't the bible .
and in cases where it mentions places or things we can look for like the jews in egypt historical evidence directly and irrefutably proves the bible wrong .
the melee is pretty fun in this game sometimes at least to me
troubled young men that were driven to commit acts of violence because women have rights and the slave trade is taught in some schools
in this case i would dose at 7am 12 noon and 5pm .
this would allow drinking from 8am to 10pm with solid nal protection .
if the drinking starts at 7am i would do 6am 11.30pm and 5pm .
people metabolise so differently there is no correct answer .
but all things being average this is what i would do and i 'm pretty average .
the person has a reliable supply up to 100mg p/d of cheap 2 a pill nal their liver readings are normal and they actively try to reduce the drinking window to drop the need for the redoses reasonably quickly .
that 's another thing that should n't go in the bio as it happens !
i get you though lol a lotta hostages going down for sure
it makes me wonder genuinely i do n't have an answer whether that 's just going to be the eternal double standard of this country can republicans continue going further into the extreme right and barely face consequences or even be rewarded but democrats will always be condemned for going 5 of the distance in the other direction ?
are we just never allowed to have a modicum of the social democracy that 's the empirical proven more humane model for the rest of the developed world ?
there are no laws on how long they have to give you to decide to sign a lease renewal .
that was your option before they even gave you the renewal
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideobot message=https np.reddit.com//r/societylounge/comments/p11cm0/title
try this turn off enable updated fan control '' at the very bottom of the system tab in the settings .
i do n't fully understand what it does yet so take a peek at the temps under heavy gaming to make sure you 're not hitting the 100°c throttling limit .
we had a few issues that are probably just specific to our situation but i 'll share anyways .
we could n't leave the day we wanted because the house cleaner did n't come we were listing our home the following day and ended up cleaning the entire day .
the other issue was after we drove the truck to our new location we did n't get a walk through of our rental and it was dirty and gross .
i had already hired the movers to meet us at the location .
but it sounds like since you 've already purchased a home it should n't be an issue .
actually if i understand the medieval historians right the evidence seems to be that feudalism was a misinterpretation of medieval legal documents by 15th/16th century lawyers .
the tyranny of a construct feudalism and historians of medieval europe .
on economic history i 've made a number of comments on this sub with sources one example https www.reddit.com/r/askeconomics/comments/q0imye/is_this_example_of_transition_fo_feudalism_to/hf8vbd8 .
but the second they say we 're gon na be healthy automatically translates to eating out and consuming sm junk food
this place is so big that it could be hundreds of miles away
all i know is that the price is wrong .
but if the drs thesis is correct then we would have to eliminate the ability for high volume .
the whole concept of moass as i understand it is that we control the float when shorts are forced to close .
that would imply liquidity has dried up to the point where we get to set price .
high volume is due to ladder attacks and the like where there is an imaginary number of shares in the ether .
thats my 2 cents anyway and could very well be wrong .
judging by the comments i 'm gon na be down voted but clearly that asshole was already awake .
literally no reason to attack a passerby just because you do n't want to hear it .
everyone lives on a different schedule and quiet hours ai n't really a fucking thing .
time is a straight line let people live and stop being grumpy assholes .
i 'm not dedicated enough but it sure would be funny if we had a daniologist who could tell us exactly how many times she has made this exact video .
if faced with the tally and asked why one more i wonder what her answer would be ?
if the military knows who he is id say they can find and take him down after awhile although he could do some serious damage too .
if they do n't he could probably hide out anywhere and use his powers to collapse the worlds governments .
overall id lean towards the military being able to kill him if he is already identified but id give it to the man if they have no idea who he is .
it 's spicy for asian people too aka me .
i gave some for my mom to try and she thought it was sour ! !
help make squaredcircle safer and more inclusive by using the report button to flag posts and comments for moderator review .
if you need to contact a moderator you can message us here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle if you have any questions or concerns .
my gf 's chicken salad with grilled chx and salerno salsa .
not so much a confession but a full disclosure to the gf .
oh no if only texas was n't used to the heat
there 's nothing shameful about the things she 's said .
i think it 's commendable the things she has overcome .
what did they put on top of it at the end ?
i 'm dating a european gal now and we 've had a couple of experiences where an af would give her the stink eye .
once we were at a restaurant and an wmaf couple went out of their way to sit next to us and when they realized my gf who is brunette is not asian they gave her the nastiest stink eye and then just got up and left .
my best guess is they want to show how special they are and our very existence shows them they are n't special .
i do n't really care but the narrative that i keep hearing about how am are always shaming af for dating other races when in reality most of us do n't gaf .
we just gaf when toxic afs go out of their way to shit on am .
if you buy before the ex-dividend date you 'll get the shares as a dividend directly from gamestop and if you buy after the ex-dividend date you get the shares from the person you bought your share from .
shares bought between the 18-21 still get the additional shares
for all intents and purposes the dates do n't even matter for any of us there 's no way for retail investors to buy shares and miss out one way or another the splividend shares are gon na be yours .
this post should answer your remaining questions 💜 https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/vtvbl8/gme_41_stock_split_in_the_form_of_a_dividend
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
honestly dude looks like he 's about to go home after this and take it out on his wife
that 's great to hear that you 're seeing improvement a lot of stuff seems to go away with time .
keep working on yourself and playing and you 'll be back at it with a better-fitting band in no time .
and from what i understand nursing is a very high demand field so you should have an offer after you graduate .
s ranks will always have the same height and yes you can have multiple s ranks
start being a dick to her she obviously only responds to that .
good for you take a second look around and just enjoy the feeling of being somewhat free to roam .
lets skip forward 150 years would kennedy be a republican or democratic in todays politics ?
i know plenty of republicans and none own slaves are members of the kkk and limit voting rights .
gqp is out in full force on this post .
so many great pick up and play games like smash 64 and mario kart .
i always think to say just because you hate the game doesnt mean you cant play it havent you ever met league players etc .
people actually think a white supremacist would like watching and talking about the nba of all things .
let 's use our brains here for a second instead of virtue signaling
i just hate pks hated them as a player and hate watching them .
my parents loved me enough to realize that like 3 seconds of pain as an infant was worth a lifetime of my cock not looking like the sleeve of a jacket that doesnt fit .
its telling that anyone who randomly brings it up incredibly delusionally on a post about nazi torture is uncircumsised .
honestly the top asian all time is jessica bangkok followed by mika tan .
i do n't wish for ea to fail but so far it looks like it 's failing to me .
i agree vw 's plan is not for it to fail but they have not funded it past the settlement requirement sfaik .
the problem is worse in the u.s. than europe where vw provided something like twice as much dieselgate lucre .
ea has too few stations at each location and half the time they do n't work .
my brother just got a non-tesla ev and he was having fits charging his vehicle because the ea chargers were so unreliable until his home charger was installed .
pretty much the exact scenario described in the article .
yeah my top mounted supercharged ls1 heat soaks like a bitch and on the other hand my audi tt is as cool as a cucumber .
hey bud be proud of your gun who gives a fuck what a bunch of wan na be hero 's think .
if your happy then that 's all that matters .
they will bitch about your gun not being 100 american but then drive around in a car made from chinese plastic and mostly assembled in mexico while wearing clothes from vietnam and thailand !
take no prisoners my man this is your world noquarter
i just hate the robotic auto tune instant mute for me
the story is posted above they were harassing someone else at a shop he helped them leave then turned on him .
good point but if i would have liked to see that and obviously mary jane is no longer the crazy manipulator that she was before thanks for your opinion
i have sql skills but they 're basic i personally love pandas i 'm very fast and efficient in it .
i would rather use pysql to query the db and then get my insight in python will take me half the time .
but i see your point and will start brushing up .
hi u/dense-scientist2449 your post was removed because you do n't even have 20 comment karma on reddit !
start a conversation on one of the other posts here enjoy the community in r/indiedev or anywhere else on reddit and after 20 comment karma this wo n't happen again !
try submitting your post as a comment on our weekly megathread stickied at the top of the subreddit !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiedev if you have any questions or concerns .
she also came across very entitled and whiney which the jury definitely threw at her .
it felt like she was a whole new person in waw .
definitely walked away from that season enjoying watching her play even more .
i recommend taking a look at zoya lena delia or tina look similar .
that especially does n't make sense since cadbury is largely easter/spring seasonal at least in the u.s .
comments containing terminology like this put the sub at risk of being banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/firearms if you have any questions or concerns .
negative negative it did n't go in just impacted on the surface !
i could 've sworn this was a thing about a year ago and then they removed it
you fucking blind or some shit lmfao i 'm literally covering every topic you throw at me goofy keep taking that copium
sit still and place your arm on the table .
all the numbers in your comment added up to 69 .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=luckynumber-bot subject=stalk 20me 20pls message 2fstalkme to have me scan all your future comments .
well you should give them a try anyway you might surprise yourself and really like them
but it seems a bit far out of the water .
none of the sequel duels hold a candle to that battle .
tell that to the alcoholic that would n't take no for an answer when asking to borrow my last ten dollars while you are at it also explain to the broken window and the hole in my wall from being pushed into it .
you do n't know me or my life or the things i 've been through and struggled with .
the sooner you realize people are nasty selfish pricks that will do whatever they can to get what they want the better off you will be .
when they die ... revive temporarily you 're welcome ... and run away facepalm
tell me how many times your mother truly cared what you thought or felt .
now tell me how often you care about what your daughter thinks or feels .
that 's the difference between your parenting and your mom 's .
and the likelihood that you are going to just turn into her is one over that .
my 30s daughter says i 'm the best mom ever .
her friend is going to call me tomorrow because she needs a good mom to talk to .
these guys always assume their personal experiences are universal lol .
and they wan na call us men unhygienic '' .
uhh buddy i 've never been called unhygienic what are you doing that makes people call you that ?
it just seems like one of those comparisons that is only accurate when it is kept so broad as to also be pretty trivial saying that social class and status exist across societies pretty much .
it does n't help that caste as we tend to think about it in the west is a superposition of a religious ideal of social order and a more complicated history of clans with associated social roles as codified under and after british colonial rule .
but i do n't think this is even a great description of class in america at least where it intersects politics .
the pattern of an intelligentsia class who consider the lower classes untouchable
most of the political divisions you 've referenced are really between two different uneasy alliances of upper and lower classes which do n't really make sense without factoring in the geographical divisions also .
i will however not put too much stock in his background as an academic '' if he ever uses it to bolster a claim .
i do n't think people ever bring up i 'm an academic with x published papers on this subject '' when they 're holding their point well .
this comment was automatically generated by waffle v.4.5.11 'cinnamon roll' .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhfy subject=wafflebot|w458bu message=if 20you 20have 20problems 20with 20updatemebot 20contact 20watchful1. 20we 20do 20not 20maintain 20it .
all he said was that and he was asked a very poignant and unlikely hypothetical if the state legislature passed the law lawrence overturned then as ag his duty would be to defend the state legislature 's decision as any ag would .
so back to my point yes this is political theater in an election year where precedent granting gay marriage rights has n't even been challenged much less on the supreme court 's docket .
how about before august recess the democrats focus on real issues such as lowering the price of prescription drugs ?
or do they just want something to run ads on in november ?
and even if it was overturned it has always been a state issue and a state decision to make .
does the federal government grant marriage licenses or does the state ?
im wondering at what age my orianda may get to that big
comments for this post as with all posts on this sub are locked .
this is a lifestyle sub for meeting not a sub for showing off .
please message op directly https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=710seventy instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/arizonaswingers if you have any questions or concerns .
i live in a subdivision and have barely been talked into putting a tie on my bathrobe much less a tie on my husband 's shirt .
this karen would not only be instructed to eat my asshole she 'd get to do an inspection of it right in her driveway first .
given the nighthaunt often have some kind of spectral evocation of who they were in life i could some kind of ghostly money being around in some way for the spirits of certain kinds of people like those causing suffering for profit scrooge-esque misers that kind of thing though i also doubt it would be used for anything other than thematic/ironic torment .
on another note what do you think might have brought these new world apes to the americas ?
my personal hypothesis is that a common ancestor between a lineage of apes and these bigfoots traversed a hollow earth wormhole and ended up in the americas where they took niches and specialized leading to these various species .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=w44zly message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 5bbook 5d 5b1990s 5d 20book 20with 20terrifying 20near-death 20experience 2c 20bomb 20in 20movie 20theatre 27 20as 20solved 2e 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon 2e 0a 0a 0a 0amake 20sure 20the 20message 20subject 20says 20 27w44zly 27 20before 20sending 2e 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled 2e if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
also lyft literally gives out promo codes and referrals .
i 'm undercutting someone for using one of the apps features ?
do n't be mad at me because you do n't make money .
it 's just a really meh '' matchup in general with nothing really outstanding and debate wise this is just going to be another alien x vs hal scenario with starfire as the winner .
theres ton of people in r/vegans struggling to lose weight too
literally do n't go onto someone else 's property and pull up their plants and there would n't be an issue ?
they spent money on said plants and took the time to plant them just to have some old loser come onto their property and destroy it .
it 's literally on their website when the beta ended i do n't know why you thought the beta would last forever ? ?
there have been numerous posts and articles about it as well .
gosh the news from how much things are of it it 's best to not go on it on a daily basis .
maybe a monthly basis or once on it 's while if you do n't have to do it that is .
aoe usually is more overall damage same for concentration spells .
instead of being able to do one huge burst of damage it is spread out over time .
and i get the idea of it being instantaneous .
have it where you travel 60 feet in a line all creates/object you can make an attack as you pass through that line .
it basically becomes a version of steel wind strike with the difference being it 's a line and you can basically attack up to 12 enemies if they are all lined up .
gold is the most sought after parallel outside of the 1/1 's and theyve become even more popular during the recent boom .
he did drop 73 in the pro am as well .
but this same exact card sold at auction for right under 800 on july 10th .
niceguys demean others while simultaneously expressing a favorable view of themselves .
they dont have to use the word nice '' but they must demonstrate some kind of expression of their own virtue while being asshats .
not niceguys™ quality downvote this comment to remove the post
i believe you can 'print ' an image on some shirts if you have the right equipment .
nothing stopping someone from buying say black shirt in bulk for cheap and then putting a band logo on it .
heck think is even legal personally the grey area is in the resale a products like this ...
he 's always been the best listener it seems like he keeps getting better and better
if i do n't agree with a services tos i do n't use it .
so you think that if you agree to something that is wrong you are obligated to adhere to it ?
this is not even accounting for the fact that tos
does not really often cater to ideals that are good for society like free speech and thus is repugnant .
yeah sure hmu i ca n't message anyone for some reason atm
assuming you believe both saying people came from essentially dirt is n't necessarily wrong .
microorganisms evolved over millions of years from essentially nothing dirt in this example to eventually make humans and other species .
evolution does n't disprove the christian god in this sense as making something from nothing in the eyes of early man before science is n't untrue .
it already says rat ogre did you mean a second one ?
i once rode my trailbike with magic marys 2.6 on asphalt and i wanted to off myself..
however your submission has been removed as we require all acquisition and processing details to go into the comments instead of the title for organisation purposes .
the title should be used to describe your actual image and the target .
feel free to repost with the details inside the comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/telescopes if you have any questions or concerns .
20 jahren gab 's in so gut wie allen studentenheimen noch ethernet-dosen in allen zimmern .
dang that 's late ... where do you live ?
drag the status in question into the right hand side where the unassigned statuses are .
delete the column it came from if it 's empty .
unless you 're on a next-gen project then i do n't know .
been doing this for 13 years at a 12 tracon now with mandatory 6 day workweeks .
i think the only real way to do it is have a really healthy balance i.e working out daily mindfulness and trying to go to sleep and wake up at a somewhat consistent time like wake up at 9am on your days off 11am ish after your mid etc .
i 'm also chill at home and at work usually but the job does put pressure on that at times .
we 're mildly religious in my family and perhaps that 's the reason why it feels wrong to terminate the permanency without a good reason .
i did had to put this belief to practice once
that said why should my beliefs dictate what other people should do ?
the country and the government are not a religious institutions .
unable to get refilled lpg cylinders under the scheme owing to high prices while many pmuy beneficiary families have switched back to burning wood and cow dung cakes as cooking fuel some others have possibly even sold the old pmuy scheme cylinders to scrap dealers in villages of lahar area of bhind district .
i 'm cooking food for my family over burning wood .
we 're daily wage labourers and have four children .
we can not afford costly lpg cylinders anymore a female resident of daboh area in lahar assembly constituency of bhind said .
a gas agency employee in bhind district confirmed the development .
the beneficiaries of the scheme book the refilled cylinders online but when we go to their doorstep for delivering the cylinders they do n't take them as they are unable to pay the price.
not only are pmuy beneficiaries unable to get the lpg cylinders refilled but there is a strong possibility of the empty cylinders even being sold by them to local scrap dealers .
of the 2.76 lakh families having lpg gas domestic connections in bhind district 1.33 lakh are pmuy beneficiaries .
now not only the lpg gas connection and gas stove are being provided free but the first refill of the cylinder too is free .
but we can not help them with future refills bhind district supply officer avdhesh pandey said .
people in this sub get upset because they 're fanboys but the td 20 and 1d per attempt numbers are all wayyyy higher for pollard than zeke .
now combine that with the projections of rbs with zeke 's career arc .
rbs do n't find a second wind '' once they begin to decline their career is over .
as if the big ass fountain in a village in the middle of a desert was no clue at all !
dude literally blew off entire cartel because they killed max .
i spent an hour with mike leach an hour ago .
within 5 minutes of meeting me a complete stranger he was complaining about larry scott and the rest of the pac 12 leaders..
okay so she 's just a thief and a criminal in the moral sense .
and i believe that 's on an upward trend .
good public transit good for houston two major stadiums .
unless you are ag garland himself you have no way of knowing this so you should sit down and shut up .
no serious really this is classified as luxury apartment because its got quartz counter tops and laminate wood looking floors
its just fast made parasitic architectural trash like fast fashion at hm
be careful i learned that it 's only guaranteed after ten purchases 🙄
this is why spurs are the best team in the world
ryukishi has embraced the answer as the official explanation '' and explicitly uses it as the answer in the manga .
however due to the nature of his often long winded and sometimes not-so-concrete responses alternate theories for the vn are still on the table .
but even so i say death of the author alone makes alt theories for the vn fair game if you can find a truth that you are satisfied with .
that 's one of umineko 's big themes after all .
! the short answer is that the depiction of one the other or both can be magic unless viewed by the detective .
no different than the other fantasy characters seen on the gameboard who are often used to embellish or conceal killer identities or murder methods .
membership bandh nahin hota ek bar ghus gaye to ghus gaye like black hole abyss
what would be the upside of getting an nvidia card if there are any ?
i do n't believe the bible teaches original sin .
many people there usually wear one of those open ended helmets that only protects their back side of the head .
surely it would 've been easier to take the plug off than make a hole that big through the wall ? ?
yeah so any reasonable adult would never have made that request to begin with .
especially since it 's counterproductive to his ultimate goal would he not want the movie to be more accurate ?
and do you ever leave things plugged in the whole time you 're parked ?
always available is one thing but always providing power is another and it wo n't last with the latter .
lmao they ca n't stop all these individuals with unconditional love of our favorite stonk ❗️❤️
serious answer that 's not how hymens and vaginas work .
i would suggest spending some time on planned parenthoods website .
they have come comprehensive sex ed information that can help you educate yourself and locate parts of your own body .
i do n't know if you 're older than me but i 'm 25 and i 'm looking for a reliable car under 3,000 but theses days forget it .
and i 've a list but maybe 2 of them are under 3,000 and i 'm tall so i ca n't fit in a yaris .
your account is less than 7 days old and you have less than 1000 .
in our effort to combat spam your post has been removed .
please come back when you have an older account or more than 1000 combined karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/damnthatsinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
everything is harder and i 'm in constant pains or cramps but baby girl is fine and healthy .
thankyou for telling me about that i had no idea definitely do n't need her coming before she 's ready .
i feel alittle lonely in this pregnancy other than my mother in law nobody there 's nobody to really talk to about all the amazing and exhausting things about being pregnant .
i have no mom friends either so i 'm happy my husband set me up this reddit account so i can sympathize and ask questions and interact with other mommas😁
any other job you 'd be fired for doing such a shit job and crapping all over the customers .
but not here oh no we let them keep their positions for life .
no it is bot my vision all people who are into literature see wb as i see him because it is the right way
nda bleibt in so einem fall meist nur vermeidung übrig da diskussionen nur eskalieren leider
it 's one thing to have to be respectful to customers but if somebody is there disrupting business it makes sense for a manager to act as the bouncer and get the disruptive people out of the store .
your submission was automatically removed because onlyfanschicks is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
why do folks think that sex is so wrong and evil that it deserves consequences ?
if sex is so evil then the consequences for being a bad parent must be huge !
loved him in men in tights half baked and chapelle show .
i 'm just wondering did they have tigers in feudal japan ?
she said in that dumbass apology video shes all about growth. show some growth in learning about other cultures minorities struggles .
then again if she did i doubt it 'd be genuine .
i never even touched that s.link https s.link hope i did n't miss out on much
covid is getting heaps of media coverage but a lot of it is just nonsense back and forth over stuff like masks .
they should start reporting the actual numbers tell the public that we 've had deaths numbering 250 just in the past 3 days nationwide report that todays official case numbers in victoria are the highest in almost 6 months they are n't really giving people a feel for the current situation .
as i said it 's a back and forth over mandates good mandates bad .
nobody gets to decide what is objectively low quality .
there are millions of women with mental illnesses who are in happy and stable relationships .
how is having a mental illness make someone lower quality compared to a physical illness ?
are women with cancer low quality because it makes just as much sense ?
put the amount of bananas in a bowl and leave them on the counter to thaw .
before you go to bed out them in the fridge .
all you have to do is tear an opening at one end of the banana and it will slide right out .
it 's a wet kinda gross process but i prefer frozen bananas because they mush much better than fresh .
missouri had a freaking extermination order on them by lilburn w boggs which was effective until recently
back then a lot of the got killed due to those sentiments such as the hanes mills massacre
good thing people are more tolerant today and do n't judge others based of the biases they have on other peoples religions
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sonnyloops if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely the 2acw even though i prefer kr the 2acw is just vastly better in kx
yeah i know that taking austria by force is quite difficult .
that 's why with the communist tree you can create a civil war in austria to help you .
as for the fascist tree the idea is that you can ally austria instead of taking it .
so if you decide to invade austria instead it comes with a price .
also in a pinch keep your keys in your hand so that they stick through your teeth .
if you have to punch someone it will hurt a hell of a lot more for them
if he thought like u guys he wouldnt have got to 1.6m in the first place .
... okay okay i 'll help you to find that witch .
but you better be speaking truth about how this happened and not to be some sexual attacker !
it 's never ok to lash out '' though .
she needs to get help if that 's the case
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
are eligible for ongoing contests and can win free reddit premium coins and flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/womenbendingover if you have any questions or concerns .
depending on the type of wood you might not be able to sell it for much .
also it 's a lot of work to cut a tree into pieces put it in a trailer and take it to the dump recycling or wherever .
this guy thinks it 's a privilege to take these trees down and a great money making opportunity so he should have no problem removing the trees himself with all the money he is going to make in mind .
i 've followed the advice to always syu every single time i install a package .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
i deleted this poll as people can interpret this in many ways .
go the evil politician route with suggestion mass suggestion charm person dominate person the modify memory subclass ability etc .
you could climb the ladder of society if you did n't care about free will .
a lot of healing spells would revolutionise medicine making treatment of previously incurable diseases possible
plant and druid-y spells would revolutionise agriculture and possibly end famine by making permanent changes to arid environments
earth and stone shaping spells could revolutionise construction alongside teleportation spells revolutionising travel wait is there a teleport spell that can be used to easily move heavy things ?
and if you want to do war crimes massive aoe spells with big areas and durations could be used in war
thank you for your submission on r/nft join us on discord https discord.gg/yc6e4phwsa for live discussion on everything nfts and to share buy/sell your nfts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nft if you have any questions or concerns .
fyi protein powder is often not that cheap per protein .
definitely compare the cost of 100g of protein from the powder of your choice vs 100g of protein from canned tuna or sardines .
protein powder is great for when you need to eat more food than you can stomach but i do n't think you will have that problem on 2 a day and only 1200 calories p
but since last year i am a bit traumatised since they had some plague that was causing irritations in your skin .
it was a parasite that was laying its larva in your skin .
they were not surviving in the human body and became red pimples ...
i mean practically it 's nothing but a skin irritation but the knowledge gives me chills ...
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 1000 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
1000 combined post comment karma award karma does not count .
we do n't care if the app says you have 1900 .
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it or try https www.reddit.com/r/karma/wiki/index/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
but yeah i honestly do n't know where i was going with that .
she bought an extra 1 recently so an extra 12,000
it has been removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/aidanac126/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
please note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sure we will everyone says we will miss this time and i believe them .
the club is selling his shirts with a special message which reads special item .
property of the prince of the golden boy . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccercirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
cops military and intelligence personnel should not become a politician ...
they protect and serve the interest of the state and elites not the commoners
metal different les paul sometimes a v or even a dean or esp .
if i want to play zz top different les paul .
virtuoso stuff like vai ibanez or something with a floyd .
then you need more of those for drop d 1/2 step down and such .
i use all of them not every day because i also have a different job but most of them weekly .
rj to stay busy when the wife is at her boyfriend 's .
ine approves demarcations of local electoral districts of baja california sur guanajuato michoacán tabasco and zacatecas central electoral
the general council of the national electoral institute ine unanimously approved the territorial demarcations of the local single-member electoral districts into which the states of baja california sur guanajuato michoacán tabasco and zacatecas and their respective district capitals are divided at the proposal of the executive general board .
in these entities live 15 million 700 thousand people according to the inegi census and in them there are 101 new local electoral districts of which 16 correspond to baja california sur 22 to guanajuato 24 to michoacán 21 to tabasco and 18 to zacatecas and these 101 districts represent 15 of the 673 local districts in the country he specified .
according to the third districting scenario baja california sur retains 16 local single-member electoral districts and does not have indigenous districts the state of guanajuato maintains 22 local electoral district demarcations without indigenous districts michoacán also retains 24 local electoral district demarcations one of the districts that make up the entity is indigenous tabasco continues with 21 local electoral district demarcations one of the districts is considered indigenous and zacatecas maintains 18 local electoral district demarcations none of them indigenous .
on april 27 this council learned of resolution 206 that declared the legal and constitutional origin of the modifications however the party was ordered so that through the bodies empowered to do so the following clarifications were made in the basic documents precisely indicate the behaviors that constitute political violence based on gender and determine what will be sanctioned through the procedures deadlines and sanctions already established in the institute he explained .
likewise the general council unanimously declared the constitutional and legal origin of the modifications to the basic documents of the national political groups called movement for the rescue of mexico and new space in compliance with the second point of resolutions ine/cg103/2021 and ine/cg106/2021 as well as in the exercise of their freedom of self-organization .
at the showroom they told me 6'6 was the minimum height for the bike .
would wipe out citys if they had the intentions to target us with those huge swarms .
at least you were able to find an affordable option for your project .
i very rarely agree with angron but this time i would go full traitor if it meant i could purge those vicious little fucks .
she was hit with the beam mid-air she fell hundreds of feet and lived without powers
this work is made by a small creators team from ukraine named okolo kino .
they do very high quality biographical documentary films about filmmakers .
maybe someone here knows some way to contact keanu or his agents ?
if you know someone who knows someone who knows someone who knows keanu
reeves i hope you like this job enough to help make that author´s dream come
in play and diamond meta still does n't matter which is sadly something some players just do n't understand .
as a masters player i still see non metas mostly but yeah no ow is generally toxic .
the worst ladder from my own experience and several streamers are okay players .
well a lot of plat players have a tendency to act like they are diamond or much better than i think they are .
the tanks probably did shit and the standard for w reaction is it 's never my fault it 's theirs
i think thats the person 's dirty mind in making a connection with the commonly used meme template and the text
laporta as strange and pedri as spidey was perfect .
so is de ligt an overrated player that has n't improved the last few years ?
or is de ligt so good that bremer who beat him out for defender of the year in serie a is not even anywhere near '' his level ?
all calculations are on the level of take this add this and multiply by this '' .
also back in college discrete math was the one math course that i actually liked and i hate math with passion .
why would you buy a 3080 and not go for 1440p ?
seems pointless unless you have a 240hz monitor and want all games to use it fully or something .
galingan mo ang training mo with master jiraiya naruto !
the twins are attacked and they kill it meaning that heisenberg has to sangre por sangre '' the twins
this does make it easier in the sense that the dates can more intuitively be used in a table but i would still have to manually add space between each city copy the dates in that space and convert the range to a table repeating this for over 700 cities .
can i maybe use macros/vba to make my job easier ?
freak out probably play with myself to see how that feels .
verified my game files and everything works as normal now thanks
infact id argue it 's you who do n't know the difference .
as evidenced by the fact that you think it 's the chain of command that makes the difference or that reserves is somehow the same as active duty soldiers .
lamictal was n't one i noticed heat sensitivity on but boy do i have it on abilify and cymbalta !
little tiny welts start appearing if i 'm out in the heat too long without proper hydration and i get super itchy .
it sucks because i live in florida so ... it 's hot all the time .
i do like when his songs are more raw .
but audio peaking is something i cant stand in music off notes here and there are fine and i like the way hes done that intentional or not but peaking audio i cant do .
even some of his songs that were recorded on iphone sound better than the vocals on this one .
that said i am still listening to the song on repeat as i normally do with songs i first find and really like .
as cash generator would n't do anything he decided not to inform police i think .
some cables are installed with multiple landings that require pulling the whole assembly to the surface .
yeah whenever i look at cars i struggle to find any with mileage high enough for me .
we 're a two car household we 're not gon na put more than 8k on each car a year .
so any cars we have are probably gon na die from age rather than mileage .
so choosing one that 's already done the bulk of its mileage is a good way of getting a discount without compromising on the use we 're gon na get out of it .
the counter argument is that the chinese understand the importance of having a strong solar power industry and the united states did not to the point of failing to subsidise and protect the local manufacturing base .
i 'd say if you have same element that repeats more than 3 times you 'd better create a component for it to keep consistency in your designs .
i 'm designing a building that 's an upside-down pyramid balanced on top of a flipped red solo cup .
people inside just need to be careful to keep it balanced .
the ex girlfriend situation just sounds like challenge mode .
first off what is making you have second thoughts ?
for my 160 hours for school i worked at a general family practice that had one pediatric dentist and 3 general dentists .
after my 160 hours i ended up working for them for over two years .
99 of the time i assisted for the pediatric dentist but occasionally had to assist for the general dentists when someone was out sick working into lunch etc .
in my experience i found working with adults is a lot more complicated and stressful ... an appointment for tooth pain could mean a number of things .
with kids the procedures are relatively straightforward and the mood is always light .
from my experience here are some things to consider pediatric patients have shorter appointments and basic dental issues but often require behavioral management .
adults have longer appointments with more complex dental issues .
i feel like i 'm making a positive impact on their dental wellbeing .
kids are also funny af really makes for a positive workday .
another thing to add is that specialty assistants generally make more money .
i 'm currently making a significant amount more at a pediatric office than i was at the general practice .
i 'd say give the pediatric office a shot if you are truly unhappy then shadow a few days at a general practice .
i wrote you a long captivating message honestly some objectively riveting stuff only to find out you do n't accept direct messages .
so delete away i wo n't ever forget who i tried to message .
sorry to ask this but what does ipa stand for isopropyl alcohol ?
no reason to not get passive revenue from your license without lifting a finger but dont tell this to netflix .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spitroasted if you have any questions or concerns .
either your account is too new or you do n't have enough karma to make a submission here .
please come back once your account meets our requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makemoney if you have any questions or concerns .
great story 😂 on the topic of cornwall i 've never ridden there .
stupid busy with traffic during the summer months i 'm guessing ?
you will find many linux hands-on exercises to play with .
every day dystopia-shackled laborers see dozens of these images on their way to the dreamworks .
or is it that you were talking about the percentage being so small that it 's something that should n't be considered too much when debating this subject ?
i think if it was loud enough to hear from a not deaf person then a deaf person will definitely feel the graze
i 'm a bot that converts temperature between two units humans can understand then convert it to kelvin for bots and physicists to understand
frost nightshade volatile is what i 've been working towards for a while .
i especially like the last one because he 's staring so intently at the butterfly as if to witness as much of it 's beauty as he could before it went away .
hobbes helped him understand that the beauty of nature is n't to be caged and the real value is the fleeting moments of wonder when you encounter something beautiful .
the joke that 's so funny everyone forgot to laugh right .
this community is focused on important or vital information and high-effort content .
please make sure your post follows the rules https www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/about/rules ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=usertext utm_name=ukraine utm_content=t5_2qqcn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukraine if you have any questions or concerns .
the art of thinking clearly was an entertaining read i liked it very much and did n't know he wrote another one gon na check out the art of the good life too .
i rather wait longer than be queued as my 5th pick because obviously that is my least preferred and weakest position .
playing my 5th pick against someone 's main pick is just a recipe for a loss .
but that 's how the game is i guess so there 's nothing else to do but play or quit .
at least we have nunu which is a pretty brain dead jungler to play imo .
your post has been removed due to insufficient demographic information .
we require that you provide at minimum your age approximate height weight gender medications you take smoking status previous and current medical issues duration and location of complaint and a photo if it 's a skin issue .
please include as many additional details about yourself as you can so that the users of r/askdocs can best assist you .
the most common reason for removal is formatting age and gender wrong !
some ways to get the automoderator to accept your post is to include male '' female '' or write the two combined as year letter e.g .
non-binary individuals can use the terms nonbinary afab or amab .
there are also several terms for transgender individuals that automoderator will recognize
please submit a new post https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant with the required information .
this post has been removed and your edits will not be seen .
if your post was removed in error please post again using the provided link https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant .
do not message the mods asking for your post to be fixed .
if your question is a discussion question and does not require demographic information please post to our weekly discussion/general questions thread sticked post on the front page .
for any further questions refer to this recent sticky .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're the reason my aussie friend ca n't even play airsoft .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
oh absolutely.i would prefer more clone wars.i do n't get why they did n't just finish what they already had half animated and only chose a few arcs to do
hr is very useful in identifying where your splits should roughly be and your level of effort .
but there are cases were you should ignore it and go via splits/rpe instead .
for example i 've seen my hr vary as much as 20bpm for the same split day to day or even week to week with uncontrolled variables such as humidity temperature and ones within my control like rest food and time of day for erg session staying the same with no difference in rpe .
your submission was automatically removed because the title does not include an m f t or nb tag .
please delete and resubmit with a tag in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i missed out on the challenge mode sets in mop i started in 5.2 i didnt even know what challenge modes were .
i would n't necessarily say fearing for his life mostly cause that is not a run id imagine a coward like him would have fearing for his life .
maybe fearing his lasagna might go cold because he wants to watch the chaos from a bunker .
i could be wrong and the guy absolutely could be running for his life though .
i 've check on amazon https www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b09phh6dvx ? psc=1 ref=ppx_pop_mob_b_asin_title ans it currently sits at 49.99 which is not the cheapest but at least it is really made from wood as the seller claims it to be .
note the one in the photo is from that etsy shop and feels more like a quality plastic
she just needs some lil bunny ears and that would be a great easter picture !
yesterday is a hard word for me '' ... that says it all does n't it ?
have you ever seen a very large snake move ?
it does n't do so with any sort of quickness to it aside from striking .
just report the tankies do n't even bother replying to them
i usually will but sometimes i actually.. like the server
his target was the small net in the corner of the goal outlined in red .
maybe his mom is wrong about his blood type which is scary bc i should know accurate info for pregnancy !
this looks like so much fun and very immersive .
i wonder how close this is to actual cooking ?
like if i kept playing this game could i in theory become a better cook/chef in the kitchen ?
anyways kudos to the hard work and for sharing this .
i will definitely check this out when it is available to play .
sink holes happen at random and there is shit you can do about it .
i did n't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/memes .
things such as jpeg artifacts and cropping may impact the results .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message post_id '' w52upo '' meme_template '' 129874
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=w52upo samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=100 targetimagememematch=92
in all seriousness wolfish did seem like a really sweet guy who genuinely cared about people .
i prefer her over mimic tear because while the mimic tear is super good it 's only as good as your stats and during the bigger bosses it sort of glitches out with the ai and take the fire giant it will maybe hit it once or twice before it dies while tiche and her flame ability can hit it and take massive chunks off
begging and moaning wishing you could have a cock deep inside of you .
think about what that feels like as you watch and remember that you 're not allowed to have it .
imagine how good cumming would make you feel as you sit there unable to even touch yourself
what do you mean the perfect god is there an imperfect god ?
as a highlander main shut up you 'll spoil our fun batch of spears
people who are vaccinated are still getting covid are you dumb ?
is not the point of the vaccine is to stop you from getting infected ?
focus on that instead of what someone else wants to do with their body .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's is such a sad and fascinating story !
that 's my point i never had that many back then 🫥
i just want to sling a potentially dangerous product why do you give a shit if i hurt people .
imagine being this callous and paying to do so .
of course there 's blood on the moon instrumental by ryouichi kuniyoshi which i 've deemed ryo saeba 's theme very smooth with the occasional sharp and dangerous note
does anyone know if these ones are with pure masa harina ?
so sorry for your loss i hope all works out well for you may he rest in peace ❤️
why are you defending some freak with multiple restraining orders against her ?
ya i had just popped a totem and then it booted me .
very obviously if we were to bring the screaming eagle jerseys back it would improve our ranking here .
benchmarks show 970 evo plus is better but you can go with 980 as well as you wo n't notice that much difference on your own .
crucible and doom 3 are going to be the main sources of teal gear along with dd5 and the lower level sagas .
hard agree on armoury 16 orbs no idea what the fuck they were smoking when they decided on that .
we go places that are n't necessary to practice .
as soon as we do n't listen we leave .
it does n't take them very long to realize that we do n't get to do fun things if we do n't listen .
my kids tested the boundaries at this age and it 's tough .
this is the submission statement the article describes a new type of train that can charge itself and so keep running indefinitely .
the trains do n't need diesel cause no emissions and use gravity as a method to recharge .
since it is not requiring any fossil fuels it might be a great method for a greener future for transport systems .
i plan on only posting my losers from now on .
exactly honestly i think people that spew that shit just say that and go see its out of my hands ca n't do anything ''
i mean who does he/she think those companies suppy with those goods aliens ?
are you just saying that so i will subscribe 🤓
the floor has been updated to be more stiff without the use of cable stays .
that and there is a career path for people working in non-profits .
there are accountants and hr staff that work for larger non-profits .
i don ' know about quite common '' but i bet there are a bunch who manage to avoid committing crimes either because of conscience or simple fear of punishment .
you just have to be nice to him and accept that he 's different if you want him to continue living in your home .
because he 's a degenerate gambler who 's probably blown through a significant chunk of that 300m .
his kit has n't relied on oos stam pause since the rework .
this response is auto-generated on every new post submission .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post will be removed .
posts here are automatically placed in a cue for review approval .
if your post is removed it could be for any of the reasons listed below .
but first have you checked out our beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/7p0qx2/read_this_first_if_youre_new and all the other helpful resources on the sidebar ?
also be sure to make use of the key word search box on quitting kratom 's main page https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom .
your question may have already been answered multiple times .
if you are tapering to quit please look at our helpful taper guide https old.reddit.com/r/modquittingkratom/comments/63tjtd/tapering .
many people have used it to successfully taper down making the jump and ultimately quitting .
very important please ensure that your post is in accordance with our subreddit 's rules https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/about/rules .
violating any of these rules will result in your post not being placed in the 'live feed ' removed .
as per reddit 's rules not just ours absolutely no soliciting or sourcing is allowed i.e .
in addition posts comments mentioning brand names such as opms for example will be removed .
if the post you 've just submitted contains a brand name please edit this post to read either extracts '' or liquid shots '' instead .
moderators will ensure your post goes live '' once this correction is made and you 've notified us https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/quittingkratom .
posts asking about using another potentially addictive substance such as phenibut for example to help with withdrawal will be removed .
the answer is no we do not recommend it .
why risk extending the withdrawal process or potentially swapping addictions ?
this obviously does not include prescription medications aka 'helper meds ' authorized by a doctor used temporarily to assist you during withdrawal but do not ask about dosage amounts or dosing frequency for these meds .
these type of questions should be asked of your physician or therapist only .
posts or comments asking for or offering medical advice will be removed .
posts or comments suggesting the use of illegal drugs will also be removed .
continued infractions could result in a temporary or permanent ban at the discretion of moderators .
supplements we 've found the use of certain supplements to be helpful during withdrawal .
a listing can be found in the beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/7p0qx2/read_this_first_if_youre_new .
many of our members have also found the megadosing liposomal vitamin c protocol https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/sx0as3/megadosing_liposomal_vitamin_c_protocol_for beneficial during acute stages of withdrawal .
but as with most things not every thing works for everyone .
the only purpose of this subreddit is to offer support to those who want to quit kratom entirely .
other than tapering to quit references to active kratom use including but not limited to occasional 'responsible ' use use in moderation use for pain management etc .
posts comments suggesting 'taking a tolerance break ' will be removed .
mentions of a kratom ban it 's legality the fda dea etc .
repeated attempts to do so could result in being banned from this subreddit .
some members have used various 'nootropics' for kratom withdrawal .
kava and some others used in higher amounts for longer durations is ill advized .
in our experience exercise although perhaps difficult during acute wds is the 'best medicine ' to help with kratom withdrawal .
as the old saying goes 'idle hands are the devil 's playground . '
it is our desire to offer a 'safe place ' to recover from kratom addiction .
trolling bullying name calling or comments made in an unkind unhelpful derogatory manner will not be tolerated .
if you see this type of behavior or any other violation of subreddit rules https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/about/rules please use the 'report ' button link and the issue will be addressed asap .
note this disclaimer could be edited and updated in the future without notice .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/quittingkratom if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you for doing this ama guys do you buy vinyl ?
and can we expect a live performance of all of the ways '' sometime in the future ?
congratulations on the new album really love it and play it all the time these days greetings from méxico ! !
dont most people pay extra to get a versión they want ?
imagine being so forcibly clueless that you think your son 's constant anger and not speaking to you for years is because you home schooled him ... ?
it gave me dreams so vivid some just dumb usual morning routine stuff to the extent that i had to sit up in the morning and question whether i was actually awake or not because numerous times in those dreams i was convinced i was awake .
then one morning came sleep paralysis and then anhedomia for a week afterwards and since then i 've never touched ashwagandha again .
i 've just been searching all over for info on this watch .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thegamerlounge if you have any questions or concerns .
tate was literally trying to force one of the streamers to kiss their friend without consent .
the girl literally said you can kiss my cheek was obviously uncomfortable with the pressuring to kiss on stream and the entire time tate is roasting this streamer for not grabbing her and kissing her .
space exploration should be separated in two a commercial wing for well commercial launches and public space agency that take care of the space exploration
space exploration will be done by corporations aswell as nasa .
this is like the 8th or 10th lantern ive restored .
thats kinda why i just modded it to be different .
you can now join our wholesome discord community server over here .
https discord.gg/qqp7wkx if you just feel like talking want a place to hang out or if you want a more in depth discussion d
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freecompliments if you have any questions or concerns .
'' a 13-year-old migrant girl went missing from her alabama home in february prompting an interstate kidnapping investigation .
the girl had been working at a rural auto parts plant owned by hyundai and her brothers ages 12 and 15 did too ''
explain to me exactly how a corporation kidnapping trafficking and basically enslaving kids in a dangerous plant is similar to your summer job .
how many times did your parents have drop you on your head before you were stupid enough to write diarrhea like that ?
lmfao dawg go get the fucking police a lawyer and get off reddit .
he used your ssn to take a loan out .
do n't play around get them involved and tel your boss to get absolutely fucked
no but you can still go to a sentinel pillar and shut down the sentinels on the planet for awhile .
to be fair your teammates name was n't popping up after he left the door frame .
my personal opinion is that collected company just is n't good enough for modern anymore .
its simply too slow and the format has sped up enough to where the majority of creatures worth playing are mana value 2 or less or omnath/pitch elementals .
if you were to build a list like this aether vial is easily the better choice although i do n't think vial is in a great spot right now either .
the thing with coco is that you want a high density of 3 mana value creatures in order to get optimal value .
if you 're often getting 1 or 2 mana value creatures off of coco you 're at best coming out even on mana or at worst you 're spending 4 mana to get 2 mana 's worth of creatures .
vial on the other hand would be great with this list .
having the majority of your creatures cost 2 means you can leave your vial on 2 and you 're quickly dropping 2 creatures per turn .
honestly almost none of the cards in your deck are powerful/impactful enough to win many games and the lack of interaction is n't helping .
if your intention is to have a competitive modern deck this is n't it .
the charge does not have to go on your amex .
amazing what we can accomplish with modern technology and thanks to the people who donated their bodies to educate the next generations of doctors
i ca n't figure out which one at the moment but iirc one of the non-canon doctor who reference books has some passages about an alien race going back in time to attack gallifrey as a preemptive attack to prevent gallifrey attacking them in the future .
the gallifreians did n't know the attackers were time travelers but figured out where they were from and went to war with them .
each side thought the other attacked first and unprovoked .
it may not have been the great time war but it would have been a time war .
yeah it 's why we need laws around renting the pandemic proved this and congress did nothing
my information is admittedly about one year old but at that time eeo cases were backed up nearly 5 years .
i would be surprised if it has improved much .
i doubt there 's anythg but shaving your neck would be a good start
i 'm really open to suggestions cause i would love that to happen but it ai n't so easy to give 700k people new homes and remove them from theirs and leave the palestinian government to do their own business when they have no electricity or gas or funding from israel .
i suspect sometimes the game throw bad events to your heirs .
so what i do is use feudal elective and vote for someone else .
and vote for your son again when in poor health
nah idc about that i just do n't want kids being offended when they 're not the subject of the joke .
yea i think they use the friends as a way to solidify the split and demonizing of you .
so they made us out to be some sort of evil people to them and play victim .
i actually do think my ex is alittle slow .
i wo n't call her r though but there is definitely more wrong with her than just borderline .
i can categorically say there is still no update here ffs .
you can see what it grants though without knowing the formula
probably but you will likely waste a lot of the med for very little return .
not worth it unless you are an expert at doing stuff like that
i do n't know but you could check whether they ship to india .
her name starts with an a and we 've made a lot of memories together !
i 'm so sorry you 're going through this .
it is n't fair the universe just is n't fair .
i 'm not in the same position as you hormonally but i have a birthday coming up next week one where i 'd always imagined i 'd already have a child or be pregnant it 's tough is n't it ?
so many things in life we can work towards getting and ttc just feels like a roll of the dice .
you do n't have to have fun on your birthday you just have to get through the day .
yeah when i finished i was franatically searching for the third but there is no third .
it really does look nice i 'll check it out !
i did n't know there were campus names within uc berkeley .
when asking for a flag to be identified please provide context when possible including
when the flag was found or the date of the material containing the flag
who might own the flag a general description is fine
these details help users narrow down their search and make flag identification easier .
also check out our frequently asked flags wiki page https reddit.com/r/vexillology/wiki/faf !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vexillology if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean ... if that was his thought process then he would have said as much .
he actually asked me what my thoughts were on what he said and i told him well it 's 2022 men are capable of raising families and women are capable of pursuing strength for themselves. he could only say that 's true really reluctantly .
it was his way of justifying women lifting weights something deemed unfeminine by wider society even if that 's not the case in my own echo chamber as something that can fit into gender roles only because it might supposedly help a woman be a better mother/wife .
and even though i looked after my own mother for the last few years of her life and am now essentially coparenting my disabled sister me trying to deadlift twice my bodyweight is something that i 'm doing for myself only .
anyone know how you can see if a certain username in the game died ?
it said i died on 7/19 even tho i checked in and then later it said that i did n't die and i 've been able to check in every day since 🤔
having seen his highlights and the fact that he was slated to replace kostic at frankfurt before kostic decided to stay fairly happy with this .
puts the exact same ball in on every assist .
you and me both sir i loved jds half guard and just started watching grs its amazing
one thing i struggle with on both is passing half butterfly i find johns method of getting a nearside underhook almost always puts me off balance against bigger opponents .
gr prefers a overback grip but being a smaller person this doesnt work for me
i love when i speak to baby boomer republicans that give me the response well we just do n't know the long term effects . ''
do you know the long term effects of those cigarettes alcohol or any of those pills you take ?
yeah thats what i thought you do know and still take them !
it 's illegal to pay even a day late in michigan .
if this was the case his entire staff could sue it would be open and shut case they would be owed their checks more for court fines and costs
if it 's about being late on rent.. wow .
this might be shocking to people but when you drive through anya downtown probably over half those places are late on rent or had a period of being late on rent .
the nano does seem to get to the full effect before a full hour has passed and i do get more sublingual effects sooner .
also if you go for the 300mg of thc per bottle for 30 it 's a pretty good deal .
i would say like 10mg of nano gives me the effects of 15-20mg in other tinctures .
the grape elixer that i have now is kind of a middle of the road generic high .
i tend to get sleepy easily so i use this one in the evening and go for a more energizing sativa like organic remedies stracciatella during the day .
unfortunately your account is not yet old enough and/or you do not have at least a post karma score of 5 to post things in r/nasa at this time .
we suggest that you wait a while to post about a week while also commenting in some popular threads and submitting links to other subreddits for the time being .
we do this to prevent spammers from abusing r/nasa .
we look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nasa if you have any questions or concerns .
too many killers queuing because bhvr torpedoed the queue balance by screwing up the bp bonus and everyone wants to play killer right now because they got buffed .
then maybe what should happen is fp2 during these weekends should be for young drivers
in my experience after you give it a good sear you need to let it warm up a bit in secondary heat .
frankfurt have just won the europa league so are in the champions league he 's apparently happy there and frankfurt are unlikely to be keen on a deal after they accused us of not paying them for haller .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
my family is overseas and his is ... . not helpful understatement of the century lol .
we started later at 35 so we had a little bit more money and life experience to help us get set up but we 've definitely had moments where we are jealous of people who get gifts/support .
that being said i do n't mind too much .
i just wish the unhelpful family would visit less lol .
mein ex und ich haben letztes jahr nach 6 jahren beziehung auch einvernehmlich beschlossen dass es keinen kompromiss zur lebenssituation gibt der beide zufrieden stellt .
manchmal ist es wichtiger sich seine eigenen wünsche zu erfüllen statt sie für einen potentiellen lebenspartner aufzuschieben und ihn später dafür unbewusst verantwortlich zu machen was sich auf die beziehung negativ auswirkt .
what i would n't give to suck on those .
i was in two minds but i like gaming so i thought i 'd regret it if i do n't give it a shot .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
to the people who control the currency itself the money is just a meaningless number .
their currency '' is control of the worlds resources .
no everything is still same.its just that outrage culture and social media has made it seem like a tiny vocal minority is actually bigger than it really is ... .
sure watch the first 4 or 5 seasons and do n't bother with the rest .
it 's helped me regulate the mood swings that come with adhd and also autism .
i used to get frustrated and angry easily i was also panicky and anxious a lot and it 's helped just give me an overall better sense of calm .
it takes a lot for me to lose my temper nowadays and my anxiety is almost non-existent .
i also take respiridone alongside it an anti-psychotic so together i 'm much more functional .
i 'm waiting for the doctors to finalise my adhd and asd diagnosis so i can also get adderall to help with focus and function too i 'm just being treated for the additional symptoms at the moment .
men swiping on every profile to get a match is a huge problem
men only do that because the odds of matching are so low .
if men got a healthy amount of matches they would n't do that .
and whosoever shall not receive you nor hear you when ye depart thence shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them .
verily i say unto you it shall be more tolerable for sodom and gomorrha in the day of judgment than for that city . ''
there are certainly sadists sociopaths and psychopaths in society but i do n't think that description reasonably fits any major politician in recent history in the uk .
and i think it 's a cop-out to say that anyone that disagrees with you is probably one of those .
that shows a lack of ability to understand your opponent 's thought-process and reasoning as far as i 'm concerned .
you need to go square up with which ever friend told you this😤😤
not big company in the world is morally good or bad they just follow the profits and as a consumer you should never get attached .
be a fan of a product never the corporation making it
a father will only have supervised visits this way if serious abuse and danger is fully proven .
it takes proven sexual abuse or proven severe physical violence to have this set up .
the forced prestiging means you do n't get to choose out of 3 perks in your web anymore .
instead you are forced to take whatever perk appears for atleast 10 levels and then you have to upgrade them to rank 3 to get new ones cycled in .
i now have like 20 perks that are rank 1 and all i want is to level head on ...
i do n't even care about the helmet look at that cake .
boo hoo a mother disciplines her kids 😢😢 so sad that 's why you are the way you are ur parents clearly failed x
this is an example of how a twist can put a damper on the game
but why not just go through all the multiple previous threads about it ?
everyone has already said their piece about this topic at some point in time .
everyone is welcome in this community https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/about remember to be kind and assume good faith
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
an old friend 16 back then recommended it to me hated him sm because i was 10 that time ... .
same issues here and i hope our little emil can visit his family soon without all those restrictions as well .
but i 'm sure it will work out enjoy all your time in denmark when you are there .
it is a very nice country and very nice people !
i can help baby i have an 8 inch cock
thanks for submitting https youtu.be/uwqphquw1qk to the r/jacksucksatlife subreddit !
you can join our discord server here https discord.gg/dzpurqm .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jacksucksatlife if you have any questions or concerns .
a lightning cantrip that 's actually usable on a character with a d6 hit die and no armor proficiencies ?
seriously why is that still not a thing in official rules ?
a parent should never just barge in to a teenager 's bedroom either .
the bedroom is one of the only normal places to be naked so they obviously have no respect for her privacy either .
if you 're wondering why the two are with mysterion and ts underswap sans https twitter.com/\_tsuraran/status/1549476996115316736
devs worked on radiant esca for 6 months most players got lvl 25 in a week and done .
and devs still pushing out legendary lantern amps with 1 chance .
i actually love grinding stuff with low chance but i want something permanent .
like how mmos offer pets and mounts as rare drop .
i would be ok even with random behemoth titles as rare rng drop .
my closest friends at school ended up being commuters as well but i was still able to meet lots ppl staying in res
if you would like to learn how to verify please visit this link https www.reddit.com/r/dadsandboys/wiki/verification .
this is not a requirement you can still post here without verifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsandboys if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not downloading any apps to my personal phone .
just for even suggesting such a stupid idea you can take a tracfone and jam it up your ass.
or are you just using it for the car play/android auto ?
i scheduled a pick up with vietnam veterans of america last summer and i left all my bags in the driveway and they picked them up !
i almost pre-ordered that one but decided to buy the updated suit instead for a classic modern look
guess who 's back in the house heels click-clacking about 💃
tbh i really hope denji and nayuta csm will end up like kenji and nayuta nayuta instead of agni and luna/judah
it 's because the servers are shut down for that gen of consoles i believe
i mean are we claiming re-runs from a previous genaration too ?
... a toy from the mchappy meal where grimace is the architect .
music podcasts zoning out and having an existential crisis etc
i knew that hit was a little too good hahaha i do n't know what a mouth to lung kit is or what sub ohm means but i 'll look all that up now .
cause she 's pretty clearly kicking both of those guys out just like the posted clip shows .
homeless guy wolfing down his food while she berates him for trespassing is n't exactly letting him finish his meal my dude .
that 's gon na take a miracle to be honest .
ny'ers are a bunch of radical insane crazies who 'll keep voting blue no matter who .
i would like to think you 're right that there is a massive red wave coming and that comes to ny .
been a while since we had a non-democrat governor .
r/longisland and the posts there are all pro kathy hochul and anti-lee it makes me livid people can be so fuckin dumb .
these and the city birds are the people can be real stubborn they 'll still support her even if she changed her name to shithead .
there is a college ministry and a young adults ministry .
most of them come to the 10:30 service and sit closer to the front
i heard cats are only good for 2 things .
edit to add not sure if you read any of my other comments elsewhere mentioning how delta 8 tincture oil works amazingly well as a topical for rls .
days 3 and 4 i used it and slathered the oil on my arms that 's where i get rls and i slept soooo good i took cbn too but my arms were n't twitching and i was n't flopping like a fish all night .
things are different now though ... .it makes little sense to rent with these prices if u can live at home and save .
i dunno if people get amnesia when they get old or if they 're just ignorant .
i paid 500 for a bachelor when i moved out then 750 for a 2 br .
i saved 20k for a house dp pretty easily and bought on a whim .
you would not be able to save anyhthing past rent ignoring the fact that you would need much more for a down payment .
all these back in my day '' posts just seem like boomer facebook fare .
you have to put yourself in the shoes of people that we clearly do n't understand .
but just because we do n't understand them does n't mean they do n't exist .
but i feel like liz cheney is of an older type of statesman where she would be able to compromise if not for party leadership mitch mcconnell .
i think her absolute commitment to this hearing is proof of her character .
but i respect her for having values that she sticks to and that clearly represent a lot of people in this country .
tbf she looks like the friend that 's always upset at something .
happened to me before with the mig-15 some very weird bug causes this .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funsized if you have any questions or concerns .
i am so tired of the slow crappy software that came with it .
the only part of the car i do n't love .
while you 're at it try being able to back up the claims you make .
you ca n't even dive my profile to try and dox me accurately let alone back up your demonstrated ignorant waffling .
how wonderfully predictable you resort to such behaviour after all you could just tell a
just easy to prove your obviously solid point right ?
definitely got ta look out for spurs in there especially with how much they 've backed conte and how quickly most of their deals got done .
very curious to see how yves bissouma fits in there .
reminds me of a scene from venture bros where doc venture and dr orpheus are arguing about science vs mysticism and dr o is like i can conjure the flames of hell . ''
and doc just pulls out a match and lights it
if you hit it off the toe now you do n't know it ?
it 's never smart to reduce your draft pool .
it is smart to trade them away if you have any inkling they might leave .
nahhhh area 51 has green i would have atleast guessed bricc of the dead but again not too sure about that one either
and she was n't just a regular college student she was a nursing major .
nurses are notoriously overworked underappreciated and thus many struggle with mental health issues as a result .
you would have to do it for every faction tho
if you think universities are a welcoming place for disabled students holy heck have you drunk the pr koolaid .
obviously i do n't think they are doing this specifically to get rid of disabled students though that 's one of the effects .
but universities are run like money-hungry corporations and their priorities are massively out of step with what those who use them want and need .
unfortunately you will have to go to the police and make a statement .
that 's pretty much the best you can do .
it 's hard because he is also manipulating you and perhaps intentionally scaring you .
also since he told you he wants to kill again i read that as either a him manipulating to make you feel guilty when he does do it because you did n't do anything to stop it and/or b a cry for help aka when a person is suicidal and then they tell you not to tell anyone it is an unconscious request for an intervention .
if a person is suicidal or homicidal you have to tell someone and definitely go to the police for homicidal .
i work in mental health for many years and have been in a similar situation as you .
ps most sociopaths people with antisocial personality disorder are not murders but many
are lawyers and i 'm not even trying to be funny they make fantastic lawyers .
yta expecting someone to spend that much money on a puppet they would use once is not realistic .
i know you 're probably picturing something like jim henson 's funeral with all the puppets on stage but i think you are forgetting the logistics of every guest having to carry around a puppet all night .
it 's enough that your wedding party is willing to do it you do n't need all the guests involved as well .
every miss markets act like snap is some sort of leading indicator for economic growth as a whole.. for about 12 hours .
by the time out-of-touch boomer managers realize ad revenue might be down because it 's a dead platform it does n't matter because there 's a another news cycle 🤡🔫
yeah the present blocks really fall into obscurity imo .
i love using them whenever i get chance but i never go out of my way to get them and that 's really sad
hello i also play way too much ow if u still looking for friends to play with my battlenet is lunaxbt 1887 i also am a silver tank
definitely looking forward to hearing more about the project as it comes together .
make sure to post in this subreddit because there 's a bunch of us not on fb or the inn !
well we named him alfredo but called him alfred/alfie !
i loved it in 0 so i was really excited to be able to revisit it in k2 .
i 'll admit i liked clan creator more than i thought i would too buuuut cabaret still came out on top out of the two !
this happening twice in a short period of time is bizarre .
put it back in the drone power on for 5 minutes and then power down .
what 's the juice scene like in the burgh ?
all i know is that i personally have been using paper rock scissors forever .
i 've certainly heard a wide variety of orders but i 've been consistent .
odds are you do n't actually need a 1000w psu unless you 're running a 12900k and 3090ti with a lot of drives and ram .
if you used the newegg power calculator it 's trying to upsell you on a higher wattage unit which costs more and has larger margins .
the pcpartpicker estimate on a build list is pretty accurate for maximum power consumption under full system load .
i ca n't hate thompson cause of the klay connection ... even if he is a dodger/bum 😭
i love my girlfriend and we have a great overall sex life .
this is like when the bad news bears were shit before kelly leak and tatum o'neal
put thus in the exchange please tagging it to eissentam
the insane amounts of insurance you have to have in certain places .
there 's lots of reasons why but i just feel off all people of our society just put quality over profit .
i loved fairway animal hospital when we had animals .
that 's because it 's my personal language it 's not something i plan for other people to use unless they somehow desperately want to .
it can be confusing as long as i understand it
with how much everyone 's 401k is tied to tsla yeah him jumping could not hurt everyone as much as him
not sure about the others but amabie was printed in tcg for remote duel participants
there 's 10 accounts with this same bullshit picture claiming to be this girl .
sounds great hope you guys get it in many ways
i 've hit bad spots but others are fine .
i 'm thinking that 's what is at play here making things worse .
you 're probably tensing up you 're expecting it to be painful you 're probably going too slow .
that first moment will hurt but it 's only for a moment .
try putting all your weight on the leg opposite of where you 're doing the injection .
then just jab it in with a swift motion .
whe you watch your dad do it you 'll see that he just sticks it in without hesitation .
with more practice you 'll get used to it .
super mario rpg has butt graphics ff tier lore and a banging soundtrack .
op might think that the game is galaxy but he is wrong
crovax the cursed https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/4/8/487e843f-b710-452c-93fe-fce3f90a4d1c.jpg ? 1579814033 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=crovax 20the 20cursed sf https scryfall.com/card/tpr/90/crovax-the-cursed ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/487e843f-b710-452c-93fe-fce3f90a4d1c ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
yo someone put that average retail gas prices chart upside down .
it only has a small window-frame of 3-5 days .
you 'd be lucky if you have n't already got her pregnant .
pulling out does nothing and can still get people pregnant .
he better win the whole thing or i want all my time back
this made me go back up and watch the whole video and wow worth it !
maybe not the dumbest but def the most recent stupid shit that i 've heard https www.reddit.com/r/chiraqology/comments/vyakjl/what_was_this_sub_reaction_when_051_melly_passed/ig13mj1 ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf context=3
this season imo has been much better than s3 personally did not enjoy s3 .
after this loss it 's painfully obvious to me that ...
it 's time to start blocking people on here .
i was hoping we 'd all get to a point where we could enjoy this season together but fuck it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
r/promoteonlyfans is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
but air play from ipad to apple tv is working now .
it 's without land the one that is for 1,200,000 has view to the beach but you have to pay each month for space .
here 's the link check out this property i found using trulia 's real estate app
the rare times i would agree with you bro .
just to add catholics are currently active on debates .
darwin gitgano the guy who asked eli for a debate but eli was too cowardly to accept it is very active .
the same guy in the ang tamang daan show .
l store does n't even have the packages delivered by abused slave monkeys
i have been talking about him and bryce mitchel for 2 years.. super under rated and the world will see sat afternoon ... he will win 100
yeah man they 're both episodes where don is in a more contemplative mood so very ambient and introspective
with post karma i might scrape by for a couple months if i get creative .
touring with pretty much all accessories for 44,154 eta october .
would you do the swap of those cards and 38.50 fees ?
i get what you 're saying and i know i 'm not gon na convince you otherwise .
i 'm just saying it 's not going to have the impact you think it is .
who actually cares what liz cheney says about mtg other than democrat voters ?
people who have heard fuentes talk about his views are n't going to think less of mtg .
people who like mtg do n't care about some fake association .
played bullmoose teddy recently and got yosemite first time i 've seen it in like a year and worled as hard as i could to get preserves to make it really busted .
i ca n't believe there was blue sky in china today .
you should watch the after dark episode they did form australia it was very good .
and there was a guest for only a small part of the stream .
was there for nike nationals in 2021 and was in awe the whole time .
every single time someone says his name i say who ? ''
you know its central vietnam when you 're not sure if they 're speaking vietnamese or thai
si mark tahimik lang pero sumigaw idk the rest kantahin nyo na lang
i had a bang for the first time last week .
im currently taking tracks out and puttin in new ones
this is so awesome ... i 'll definitely be buying this on 4k when it comes to that too .
true they just make the fighting animation way better just like yours
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebhub if you have any questions or concerns .
i currently have 5 strains and about to ask for four more as well as carts .
strain rotation is real and the medical jars are terrible .
super late reply but yeah the tomato plants actually use the mycelium network to relay the signals .
all that damp is definitely not a good place to keep a pc .
oh i do n't care whether it follows the rules or not i just saw a post making wild assumptions about my favorite edition and wanted to clarify things .
they could be high enough level for shapechange but firstly that level is just not fun to watch streamed so a movie would be less so and secondly it 'd be shooting yourself in the foot to use a shapechange spell on owlbear of all things .
you forgot the complete disinterest in protesting for fear it ruin complaining as the national sport
we did a kitchen and addition with sawhorse they do design build .
there 's a saying the cheap comes out expensive. and we watched it happen .
ours was more per square foot up front but everything was done to schedule sawhorse art any costs from problems and guaranteed their work .
years on neighbor is still fixing things from contractor shoddy work .
and their timelines and cost both expanded during the project .
whatever route you go do your due diligence in talking with previous clients about their experience .
there will be problems and unexpected things with any project .
for example new windows came in wrong casement vs double hung and more expensive .
we decided we liked the look so we accepted them and sawhorse absorbed the extra cost .
that and you did n't face the deluge of once in a lifetime '' economic events the millenials were forced to take on right as we were trying to get off the ground .
i think it 's best to live in a way where you can cook for yourself so instead of pg move alone to a small apartment or stay in shared apartment with access to kichen to cook for yourself .
ye i 've looked that these really do n't like suntour forks though
that tracks ... .i imagine he 's never gotten any female genitalia wet .
if he wants to make a horse 's ass out of himself you absolutely should let him have at it .
you did nothing wrong by letting him show himself up and your mother is letting you down by acting like this was n't fully on her awful husband .
your mother can visit you if she wants to see you it 's not necessary for you to interact with your stepfather .
eyes are underrated imo there is something special about how they tell you a lot with someone 's body language .
yours are very pretty and say a lot about a teasing attitude
why does the op list a beyond light guide when we 're in witch queen ?
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
so when i fly i go out of my way to ensure i have a window seat as i enjoy both looking out the window and having the warm sun shine on me .
on this flight i 'm on i have the window seat and there 's one lady in the aisle seat nobody in the middle seat .
as soon as i get to my seat and politely tell her that i 'm sitting here and signaling her to get up so i can sit down she 's already sighing not sure why .
not even 10 minutes into the flight i 'm resting my head on the table you pull down from the seat .
headphones in listening to music with my face towards the window enjoying the sun on my face .
mind you this is a 7am flight and we are on the side where the sun rises .
she taps my shoulder and says can you shut the window shade ? .
i say sorry but the whole reason i purchase a window seat is to look out the window she just goes okay great and let 's put a huge exaggerated sigh .
i put my headphones in and go back to what i was doing for the rest of the 2hr flight .
i kind of can see where she 's coming from but if she insists on having the shade shut then she could have purchased a window seat .
i paid an extra 30 or whatever it was so i feel as if i should be able to do whatever i want with the window shade ... aita ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i think one of the key points is that good pay is a necessary precondition to not being messed around as opposed to being an all-encompassing solution
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
in that case you came from a different angle .
i 'm a huge fan of the simpsons and have watched it since the early 90s and continue to watch every new episode .
the most recent season actually had a few good ones .
this is a reminder to those commenting on this post not the person that posted it comments not related to woodworking will be removed .
violations to rule 1 including crude jokes innuendo sexist remarks politics or hate speech may result in an immediate ban
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woodworking if you have any questions or concerns .
your fear is overly crazy naive and unwarranted too .
it 's safe to assume everyone on reddit can be a target .
for me personally a huge plus for ropes is that you can play around and find out how to bind them so they bite the right spots with the right intansity for you .
also this playing around is big part of the fun
never said you did i was replying to someone explicitly commenting on his character
what is this bullshit going around that sanders is the nicest person in the world '' ?
i keep seeing it on twitter and posted on reddit .
the dude practically is the worst human being behind the scenes .
sometimes people just see what they want to see with rose colored glasses i guess 😑
also what the actual living hell does any of that interaction have to do with capitalism ?
probably pepperjack but sometimes a good piece of white american can do the trick
this is why i never bought into the gme bs .
it 's a mix of cultists and conspiracy theorists who will move the goalposts indefinitely to make their paradigm function .
if you do sys admin work hit me up .
my company is looking for another it 's what i do and i can get your resume to who needs it and probably and interview .
if you land the job you will make much more than that .
ne ben ne de o birbirimizin hoşuna gitmeyecek şeyler yapmaktan kaçınıyoruz birbirimize karşı dürüstüz ve olursa hani insanlık hali sevgi biter vs aldatma işlerine girmek yerine bunu birbirimize söyleyebileceğimiz konusunda hemfikiriz .
ne ben onu darlarım ne de o beni oraya gitme buraya gitme onla buluşma vs vs muhabbetler dönmez .
kız arkadaşım ultra lux bir otelde çalışıyor resepsiyonist ortam olarak da sıkıntılı görülebilir ama gözüm hiç arkada değil .
çünkü her şey karşılıklı konuşarak anlaşarak dürüst olarak çözülüyor .
yakın zamanda evlenme planımız var elim bir ekmek tutarsa tabii .
well suburbs are pretty expensive to live too to be fair but that 's precisely why they are zoned to keep property values high .
keep fighting to find and get the help you need .
we hear you i hope things look up for you
in garou 's defence he never meant to kill anyone that was a major part of his arc always leaving heros alive .
10 for the government still waiting on the contract to review the fine print but i 've been told several times no penalty/fee/charges from the company for early withdraw not yet sure if that also applies to completely closing it
i hear what you 're saying with option 3 i took out the loan so figure it out and do n't touch any retirement funds to do so .
i just i feel like i am paying more on this loan then i am gaining on the annuity and could reinvest the leftover .
but the phones are pretty easy to use and simple .
tbh if this experience is backed up by other users we do n't really care .
and to the best of my knowledge this experience is representative of other users .
if it is n't feel free to correct me .
shills are welcome as long as they 're honest and follow the rules .
loser vanilla a guy you date in the vanilla world who can not even pay for his coffee and is persistently borrowing money from his girl .
i usually use basmati but i 'm never really happy with rice .
i always feel like i 'm dumping all these carbs in my system and i could have just eaten whatever i ate without it .
but i always keep it in my cupboard because it has a long shelf life an it 's easy to make a meal with it once you run out of other stuff to eat .
definitely older skewing titles elvis crawdads maverick have done a lot of walkup business because older customers tend to just like to buy tickets the old fashioned way
horror does n't seem as much a plan in place when people see horror normally it 's much more a we 're at the movies after 7pm let 's see something scary vibe to it .
i watch showings of black phone go from 19 presales to 80 and sold out in the span of an hour pretty regularly .
the balance patch team harstem or lambo had said months ago that ghost might have been one of the nerf targets but for now was left as is .
it 's not even the idea that they make terran too op it 's that terran 's lategame power rests on the shoulders of this one unit that you have to get .
and that it has very little if any counterplay .
if ghost would be nerfed of course something else would need to be buffed but i think for now we can still be patient and see how this meta develops .
i bet they did n't think this would be their fate when they were screaming heil hitler ! ! ''
i hope they came to and had a better life later .
apply for repost hunter here https forms.gle/jki9xzh3r2fwhicua and join our project to make dankmemes entirely original content !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
terrance might not be able to vote if he gets safety after ameerah goes ... .just scenarios lol
the fact that the legislation specifically protects the right of the people and not the militia or something is hard to argue against .
as a sorta semi serious response i agree with this legally
but it feels to me like that was not the intention given the militia statement .
it 's also kinda a moot point as the state of the guns and the world was so different at the point of framing that the arguments of the time are n't really applicable today .
like i get your point about the potential to form a citizen militia but in my view under no circumstances could a citizen militia overthrow the us government or successfully fight back against laws they do n't like ie civil war when you had a bunch of states fighting back before the government had modern weaponry .
yea silly millennials thinking they 're entitled to ... a chance to live a decent life .
gen x is where most karens reside and the boomers are the most entitled of all .
my brother is suuuper clean while most of my girlfriends are just gross .
check out the subterranean press readers group on facebook they regularly have people putting up copies for sale !
i 've always wondered why kei 's dad was able to see the both of them
real question is ... how 's the neighborhood from all that reiatsu
i feel like the first night of a 3 night run has been the best at a lot i 've been to plus everybody just got there and they 're all excited
i mean bubba on the left does plenty to ruin his own life if he 's anything like the blue collar conservatives in my life ...
theres no right way to play a game just whatever you find most enjoyable it 's what i love about gaming !
mint condition and locked in an indestructible vault which only i know the code for .
idk abt the 3rd one but the 4th one is a dragon so shes 300 yo because dragons become like 10k years old in the series .
if you do n't mind me asking what dosage of amitriptyline did you find helped you ?
dragon quest xi did amazing in the west as far as i know and so did ix on the ds back in the day .
i do n't know why we still have to beg and wait years for them to decide to port mainline dragon quest games to english .
i think if you view it on reddit.com.au they do that automatically for localization .
no stall horn otherwise it would be going off the entire flight if you 're going faster than that you 'd be over speeding the banner .
did n't tow in cubs but my aircraft had a stall light to comply with regs .
it would be on from pick to drop if i was doing my job correctly .
look at the crypto market cdc is desperate as hell .
as an investor i like what i 'm seeing ... as a user ... i hate it .
i commented earlier but halo ce an xbox launch title has better bullet decals .
originally wanted to design golf clubs and i liked legos so i got a degree in me
i did claim those games all of the keys worked fine for me .
feminists in the un specifically excluded males from the campaign against genital mutilation .
never expect feminists to stand for anyone 's rights if they can see harm coming to males .
you 're the idiot that brought up white guilt .
you should take that as a sign to stop being a moron .
i could theoretically buy an artisanal soap bar off etsy and pay 60 to ship it to a different continent .
it 's just ... not a very sustainable thing and all i wanted to do is make my routine a little bit nicer .
this is most likely them saying this to make themselves look good at their home base .
they do n't give two shits about building a base unless it somehow benefits them staying in power .
there are hundreds of articles like this since 2015 and most of this stuff leads to literally no where .
i would play this you could choose who to call out to .
you have to learn the paths of the orc tribes through the mountains and then farm humans for as long as possible .
better get lucky that they will keep you and not look into you so deeply .
manage to get dropped on a trade route to rohan and picked up by a horselord ?
that 's easy pickings but make sure you do n't get scooped up by saruman not until you have the mental strength to face a wizard .
not a big deal i was disappointed then pleasantly surprised .
that 's a beautiful spot i could sit on the bank and chill all day .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feet_nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
they look really big compared to the size of the vehicle
like what you see ? i spread my legs giving you a better view of my sweaty cock musk pours off it .
jesus christ talking to you people is like talking to literal robots .
who gives a shit about your constitutional right to free speech this is about acting like a civilized human being you low life .
i posted recently asking everyone for help in this thread .
by the time they 'd finish their vaccines they 're behind i was worried they 'd be older than ideal to experience their first grooming .
i used a 1 inch comb guard because i was afraid to mess up .
i think i 'd go with 3/4 next time .
they put up a fight so i did n't feel comfortable touching their faces yet .
they were fiercely defensive about their faces even though they 're totally fine getting their teeth brushed daily .
i 'll try again in a few days just so they get used to grooming .
they tolerated trimming their faces and paws with the shears very well .
they also let me use the clippers on their butts around the anus region without a fight .
i 'm optimistic that they 're getting used to it !
mine usually poops right at the beginning of a walk which sounds like it would be convenient except that the walk usually ends up making her poop two more times .
i wish she 'd just poo it all in one go but that 's ok i still love her 😘
because i got banned for saying something like this is so cringey .
nope only one will cancel but your group ca n't do anything without everyone there .
they were n't that bad because it eventually got resolved and she got into the trial i think but clara green whenever she and her husband sent the kids to iowa and they did n't want to go because the grandparents were n't very nice people and jackson was convincing richard to get clara in the trial and he said her kids are in iowa sir ... with their grandparents who are mean sir '' 😭cracks me up
as the product of a public education system wherein humiliation and denigration was the norm from at least 50 of the staff and on behalf of the kids you teach thank you .
the suspect would n't stop moving the car so the cop pulled the gun .
the suspect never said anything about blm or tried to harass the cop with it .
you just see that the suspect is black and assume .
when i say i do hate them too hopefully you are not going to defend them with the ohohhhhhh but thats dri̇emphobic you natzee '' bullshitery .
why would i be scared of a youtuber 's faggot fanbase ?
i know lilith is considered a satanic name in biblical culture .
vivian is a name in some witchcraft cultures although is a common enough name .
not saying the censorship is right but that 's probably why they are censored
it 's true street view is the same as being there .
is she still romantically and/or sexually involved with her husband ?
it sounds like she 's moving her husband out moving you in and wants to go mono with you .
i assume they also asked all the kids to leave since they probably had their meals bought for them .
inside oven i mean the built in one in the kitchen .
it looks like your post is missing the correct title format .
you have a 3 hour grace period to re-submit your post with the correct format .
ex 18 r4r boston let 's go out for drinks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bostonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't hate simmons/the ringer but the entire subreddit is just memes and posts about making fun of him
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
first of all fruitcake '' is a term that can refer to an insane person .
second of all quit acting like you care about the gay community conservatives the politically correct term for fascist in the us being the pos they are do n't really care about such .
yeah everyone in this thread is making fun of people like you .
yea that 's what i was also reading but it had been months since seeing anything new on it so i wanted to know if that got all cleared up
apparently he would need quite a lot of patch time for his story to make sense as a playable character so not very soon
i ejaculate when crowd surfing anyway ... so ... cool .
if anyone has a solution for this or any other recommendations .
vet just gave me allergy pills and it 's done nothing i 'm probably going to go back here soon once i get paid again .
but i 've tried calming bites daily walks allergy meds keeping an eye on him daily cone finds a way to stick his leg in the cone a donut works worse then the cone bitter bandage wraps bitter bandage wraps with bitter spray muzzle different food brands different shampoos ...
i 'm starting to run out of options and i 've been trying like crazy from trying to calm him down to trying to using a muzzle .
he manages to get to the wound and lick it it 's beyond my control at this point .
i think i remember us liking charlotte as a name and was actually thinking about that which led me to asking the sub for some more ideas lol
he does n't like any names that sound new age '' or famous people '' or video games ''
see it does n't actually prove the good guy with a gun '' thing is demonstrably false to them because the same people saying that it proves that false are the ones who by-and-large say things like all cops are bad . ''
if acab then there were no good guys with guns '' at uvalde .
i personally do n't think anyone who waits around for an hour as children are slaughtered is a good guy '' so i do n't think there were any good guys with guns at uvalde either except maybe the border patrol tactical squad who actually did their damn jobs and stopped the bastard .
karthik ki maa chud jayegi agar is comment ko like kiya toh
in another way i think in there claim to protect people most times it 's for their own gain .
imagine a ruling government censoring social media against those speaking against them acts like this are for personal gain .
ekin su is actually crazy not good crazy like bad crazy ... wtf was that with natalie ?
this is a reminder that we also have a discord server and a matrix space where you can share your projects ask for help or just have a nice chat level up and unlock server perks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/developersindia if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission has been removed for one or more of the following reason s
your post was regarding cooking cleaning general maintenance items .
your post was regarding sewing general automotive repairs cosmetics .
your post was regarding software design cnc 3d or laser printing .
your post was otherwise not considered a good topic fit for this subreddit .
please consider submitting these projects to r/crafts r/homeimprovement r/woodworking r/electronics or r/findareddit to help you find a subreddit applicable to your project .
if you believe this was a mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy subject=inappropriate 20topic .
do not respond to this comment you will not receive a response .
still kinda weird that the mum got pregnant maybe about 1 year later again after she gave away the first child ...
you really gave that dress a second life and you looked absolutely lovely !
i chopped off my hair a while ago and now it 's starting to grow back to the stage where i look like a fluffy mushroom .
it 's very cute when my hair is clean but absolute hell if i 'm running or hiking in the heat because it 's too short to tie back and i wish i could bring myself to like headbands but they just are n't for me .
i 'm seriously tempted to just buy hair gel and slick it all back like it 's 2006 to keep it off my eyes .
so i 'm here to ask 1 has anyone here ever considered tried this and 2 what brands do you recommend ?
like would a product advertised as sweat resistant be actually sweat resistant ?
i 'm clueless but also tired of sweat getting into my eyes
awesome thanks for the info this is very helpful since i 'm not familiar with the sites people use .
so what we call red-orange may some day be recognized as a distinct color ?
or is there a theoretical limit to how many a language will evolve to distinguish ?
the pacing and cuts in the first three episodes were horrendous .
it really highlighted the value in the way got was structured with chapter like cuts
in many games typing gg '' is the way you consede .
if you as a winner type gg mate '' when they are in a lost position but did n't resign yet that absolutely is bm same as in mtga .
you also would n't offer a handshake as the winner in paper magic while the opponent is still playing thinking about their outs .
why would i hate any of these teams or players i do n't know them
do you think cobra could go back to that video and laugh at himself screwing up like that ?
i 'm assuming weatherspoon would have the inside track on that 14th spot if andre retires and then either put mcclung or williams on the two-way .
a faction based on hybrid gun line with tricorn and colonize the world .
i 'm all for properly funding the nhs but i ca n't for one second imagine that everyone here just pretends there is n't significant wastage occurring within it it does need desperately restructuring and we might find most of the current funding could actually be better spent .
literally it took me like a month to memorize the 1989 rivals names which is like 3x the amount of time it took for the 202x rival names because the 202x rivals while most of them are bad their designs bar the pedos and alabama gorl actually had flavour they stood out .
in 1989 the only rival that i 'd say has a somewhat unique design is honami and that is literally it .
if that 's the case then ... ... . what does ribut and titan represented as ?
there is 6 dude in my coching institute above 300
have a great day/night day if australian or asian or anywhere else in day time and night if american or wherever is in nighttime
one of them automatically joins the other joins after completing a very long but optional series of side quests
if that were a white man shooting a black man there would be hella different comments and coverage on this .
if you need a phone now there are plenty of models in the apple lineup to choose from .
but if you can wait a couple of months it is really a no brainer .
what trump has tried will be perfected unless merick does his fucking job .
the other option is a massive disaster that breaks everything up and we all turn on eachother .
that 's why as a liberal i own ar15s ar10s and pistols .
it 's not necessarily to fight homegrown fascists which would be the true nightmare but the far more believable scenario where everything falls apart .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
it is in poor taste but michael really did see chin chin as his child .
uj 100 the point of en passant is so you ca n't two square jump past your opponents pawns
the latter would probably get a lot more reads imo .
he dumped me suddenly when we went long distance and i suspect he cheated or almost cheated .
looking back it 's very clear his meds made him hypomanic as his behavior seems very unhinged and reckless even to mutual friends and even his boss noticed a change in him .
the sad thing is i 'm the bipolar partner and i do n't think he 's aware that certain ssris can induce hypomania in unipolar and anxious individuals .
the also sad part is i suspect he truly thinks he lost interest and got bored and is n't able to properly reflect and realize what happened .
i did n't learn i was bipolar until i was 30 .
i only learned about my past hypomanjc episodes 10 years later .
he 's with a new girl and he 'll cling to her for a long time because he 's lonely and i think ashamed to approach me for how dirty he did me for no reason .
he said i was his best relationship and i believed it .
everyone said we had great chemistry and i always encouraged him to be himself .
i think he has to fall and crash sadly before anything happens with us .
because again i do n't think he has the ability to reflect that way .
his lack of accountability tells me he literally has n't processed how he hurt me .
he 's 34 though and something tells me it 's too late and i 'm already a distant past which is really hard to accept .
mm what do i have to do to get them ?
i like that you have taken personal responsibility for that .
no one is perfect we all make mistakes now stay clean and the rest of things you have already nailed will make you wildly successful but embrace the challenge .
spend what you have to invest the rest and some day your friends will be envious of your retirement life .
when you do get their financially give to those in need what you can .
being rich is not a bad thing if you use some of the money to help those less fortunate .
i 'm always driving around there hope i see you someday
r/onlyfansbusty is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbusty if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's a really nice install that i 'm sure sounds as good as it looks but awd conversion ?
which transmission center diff driveshaft rear suspension and rear diff do you plan on using to get power from a transverse mounted 4 cylinder to the rear wheels ?
have you talked to any shops about the amount of custom fab that would be required to achieve that ?
do you know what kind of structural reinforcement would need to be done to make the unibody rigid enough to deal with the torque ?
it 's an idea that sounds interesting in theory however that would be an ungodly expensive engineering endeavor .
it would cost you orders of magnitude more than just buying a car that 's already awd and modifying it for more power while also being considerably more reliable .
not to mention it would absolutely adversely affect the dynamics of the vehicle with all that extra weight .
sorry i do n't mean to watery diarrhea all over your dreams but ...
your post was removed because it is considered low-effort .
self posts with only a question in the title and nothing or very little in the body will be removed .
please resubmit and add in some discussion starters in the body .
if you ca n't then most likely your post should go in the daily discussion thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boxing if you have any questions or concerns .
if this works like the texas law then it gives everyone that private right of action .
it 's a bonkers idea designed to avoid all the existing checks and balances and judicial review .
most of the comments on here say the opposite .
hab ich auch erst gedacht aber jemand hat hier geschrieben es könnte auch was auf der bank zu verschenken gewesen sein .
villosa and globulosa are the same but this is n't that .
a bad joke for which i want to apologize .
them actually dating and even breaking up in the episode was absolutely surprising it was like a blur ...
i went for the border cuz i honestly do n't like the chroma much .
might still get it just because it 's exclusive and cuz i bought the pass but i 'm not a fan personally
it 's probably 60/40 conservative while connecticut is 60/40 liberal .
not worth it to move particularly if you like shooting guns and homeschooling your kids .
why move when it will cost more and you will probably find almost as many things you do n't like about ct as you have now about tx .
unless its weather related in which case yeah i 'd understand undertaking the move .
the riots are for a cause and they were friendly enough until the rubber bullets and pepper spray was pulled out .
then there were the jackass looters and jackass police that used said rubber bullets and pepper spray on innocent protesters .
but still better than blatant racism discrimination and hate towards people of colour it ca n't go on much longer .
if yours says he is at fault then you do n't need to keep talking to his insurance at all .
your insurance will fix it and subrogate the damages back from his
going to check if my target has them on sale .
my son wanted one but i was n't going to pay 40 for it
ok true i have carpeted liners could use some plastic ones
been having a lot of electrical issues did n't know if you recommended for another reason
she is the only boss i actually struggle to beat on each playthrough lmao good job
you got ta be mentally incapable of understanding human emotion .
i went on a rant after i got 20-30 messages berating me after saying read the post lol
i like how you ignore the death threats in dms i got before i even went on a rant .
far cry 3 and left 4 dead my gf and i 's favorite games and how we fell in love
lol some people really have no idea what they 're studying .
i met a kid last week he 's gon na start studying finance on the upcoming semester i asked him what he wanted as a career path like investment banking or asset management or corporate finance etc .
he mocked me thinking that i do n't know what i 'm talking about and he said that he 's focusing on finance and that finance is already a specialized sector lol .
i think shiva can also beat poseidon and has a decent chance at thor .
this dead weight the resources would be better spent elsewhere when they get sick because they begged for it one can enjoy with moderation everything !
your best bet for these miles is domestic united saver flights .
you should be able to search them on krisflyer .
if not use the air canada website to search .
i heard that gibson got into an altercation with a writer.. not moore !
gay was n't even getting mins in the playoffs do n't see the point of both beasley and clarkson .
pat bev and mitchell would be good if nets wan na keep kd though .
jenkins is funny in short bursts but he gets tons of screen time and the jokes get old .
he 'd be best as in a role like slacks and then caster as well .
i suppose but i feel like they 've had some time to recover and he memes his death in the vid too .
also try the siete brand hot sauces also made in austin .
like yellowbird they are n't that hot it 's more about the flavor than burning your taste buds off .
my guess is the people who are leaving are the people who feel the fascist vibe of texas and florida .
if he 's over that much just tell him he 's the second son and you have rules .
braves about to be half game behind the mets .
i am happy that i could share a part of myself with you .
i am not his direct supervisor but i do make requests to his department rather frequently .
deliberately puts me in a jam and attempts to sabotage '' my projects .
wait are n't the two main charachter of this called rei and mai ?
tldr i rant about fetishisation of mlm couples online and forget that this is a comment section
mlm relationships have been fetishised for years but now with everyone on social media and tv programs based on queer relationships it is a lot more clear .
i 've seen this often in the anime/manga community especially surrounding bl .
most of the time mlm relationships are purely based on sex and that 's what draws in cishet girls/women and that i believe for a lot of them is the main target audience .
the queer character tees are n't there for representation but for someone for teenage girls to squeal over and say omg they 're so cute together as if it 's not a abusive/overly possessive top who 's roped someone else into a relationship they are not prepared for looking at you bj alex .
another one that is pretty infamous is killing stalking .
it 's an amazing psychological horror but no one cares about that .
the main focus is on sangwoo and yoon bum and their relationship teenagers try to push onto it .
it is not a romance or bl at a push it 's stockholm syndrome where a kidnapping victim has an obsession with his kidnapper .
i 've seen far too many people ship those two yet have read the manga and knows what happens in it nothing romantic .
i have n't seen much about love simon specifically getting fetishised but i was young when it came out and i was n't apart of the internet debate or whatever when it was released .
but i 've definitely seen it with heartstopper and young royals .
i knew once heartstopper was released it would bring in an entirely different fanbase for better and worse .
i knew some people would find out about it through netflix. maybe read the comics and books and enjoy the content for what it is a romance between two boys and a journey of mental health recovery .
and then there would be those who see the relationship as nothing but omg uwu so cute little gay boys .
and that definitely happened but as far as i can see now that the hype around the netflix show has died down so has those type of fans .
unfortunately for the cast of heartstopper and young royals it 's live action meaning they 're more likely to be fetishised irl and people speculate their sexuality just because they play whoever on the show .
i do n't actually know if any of the actors are gay i just know yasmin is trans and i 'm 80 sure kizzy is non binary so if anyone else knows anything else please let me know .
it 's the same with irl queer youtubers and celebrities .
people like to fetishise them until they are actually gay .
the amount of kpop ships i 've seen between members of the same group is not surprising but not good .
it 's worrying especially since very little of them are gay and then theres a lack of support surrounding gay idols when they are attacked really puts everything into perspective .
also mlm shows/books are much more accepted within the book community booktok especially than wlw books/shows .
i 've seen red white royal blue the song of achilles and they both die at the end recommended 1000 times by people who make queer book suggestion videos but only focus on cis mlm romances and then have nothing when it comes to sapphic aroace trans etc book recommendations
i think the cheese wheels would scare me more than the other two accomplishments
i 'd love to worship then and help with your flexibility !
your right she does n't seem to care about money or status .
one of the few young ladies who does n't but since she has children to think of i 'm assuming she would n't run off with a poor man .
and again i think it would be great if she got a rich titled sexy man .
after everything she has been through i think she deserves it .
i do agree that she and phillip seem fine with one another and she just got frustrated in the end because colin overstayed his welcome .
ong bro not even criticising it just feels like op kinda wasted money very blank and idk empty haul .
but then again if he is happy then its all good
portal 2 easy glados has to be my favorite video game character still to this day
if your girlfriend starts hanging with gangster for this hypothetical say female gangsters you are still alright to leave her
if you read my post i never said it is n't alright to leave someone .
i literally say you always have the right to break up with someone for whatever reason .
my point was that the type of relationship generally dictates what is an appropriate way to go about leaving a relationship .
i hope you will agree that in the case of a long-term relationship it is generally more ethical to let them know you are having doubts about a relationship and then when things do n't change formally break up rather than to ghost them for weeks and cheat on them with their friend .
i hope you will also agree that the aforementioned behavior is worse and more harmful to your partner if you were married to them for 10 years than if you have had 2 total dates together .
that they will feel more pain as a result of your actions in the first case than in the latter .
because deeper longer elationships demand more care and trust between partners it is better to approach break up in ways that are considerate of their needs .
of course if someone cheats on you betrays you or does something particularly egregious then the rules change .
however it does n't sound like that was remotely the case here .
that 's why i asked if you had been considerate and communicative with your partner as you approached break-up and it sounds like you were n't .
either its ok to leave for whatever reason or its not .
no one can make you stay in a relationship you do n't want to be a part of but there are more or less shitty things to demand of another person who trusts you .
when you 're in a relationship you depend on each other and have some power over the other .
it 's not that different from being a parent or an employer and even if you are free to leave your job that does n't mean bosses ca n't be cruel or oppressive .
so if for example you were to demand that your partner do something you would never be willing to do yourself under threat of breaking up then that 's a pretty shitty thing to do to someone who trusts you and thus a bad reason to break up .
if i break up with my girlfriend because i suddenly decide never communicating these expectations before to demand that she give up her dream job and be a fulltime housewife .
i would expect people to say i am really shitty person .
and if the reasons are whatever seems appropriate then its just everyone 's opinion .
if you 're going into this with an it 's just everyone 's opinion '' attitude then i do n't see why you would post on this subreddit .
is there anything someone could say to change your mind ?
i think they are on top of each other figuratively all the time they think there is no privacy in a relationship .
i have the galaxy buds plus and the battery lasts a long time the start stop mechanism activated by tapping the outside of the bud actually works great .
the only problem is they can occassionally fall out but i 've solved that .
all you do is go to a local sports store that sells guns and get high-quality ear plugs .
you have to get the kind that are made of a hard foam that you mix and contour to your ear .
put your buds in then mix the foam and pack it into your ear around the bud .
the foam will only stick to itself and will form a permanent shape .
now every time you pop the buds in you pop the earplugs around the bud just on the topside filling the empty space and the buds will not fall out .
works great if you follow the instructions that come with the foam plugs and just work around the bud .
i 'm a pretty simple dude and have everything i need
they could 've at he very least made the dodo themselves instead of putting service people in harms way .
szerintem olyan szemszögből is meg lehetne közelíteni ezt a dolgot hogy mégha nem is mindenki érti hogy mi is egészen a transzneműség azt mindenki beláthatja hogyha a fidesz egy kisebbségi csoport torkának megy azt semmi esetre se szabad támogatni és hagyni hogy tovább gerjesszék a gyűlöletet .
oh no i mean you could say bigger '' if the dick was even 12 inches .
bigger does n't imply small technically which i 'm deeply being lol .
sorry it appears that your thread is focused on home networking or networking topics not related to business or service provider environments .
this is not compliant with our rules http www.reddit.com/r/networking/about/rules and your thread has been removed .
please visit one of these other fine communities who might be more appropriate for this discussion
do n't hesitate to message the moderation team http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnetworking .
extremely mobile with a passive that can help keep you in the game even with some bad rng early on
i used to use a lot of analogies when i trying to explain how i feel in hopes it will help them understand but instead i got you 're so poetic 😭 n they do n't even pay attention to what i was even saying .
would n't have helped me tonight since the dutch oven and its top were preheated to 350 .
i remember lots of people trying ban marilyn manson in the nineties .
you have been saving up for it for years .
i 'd say you are better at finances than you realize .
it 's on her that she did n't listen to you or respect what you said about your own money .
currently playing valorant but i am about ready to dive back into d2 .
i have n't played a bowzon since back when windforce was the best weapon lol .
i have two bt builds you need 45-50 on both blt and vig without going over level 120 .
try it if you really enjoy it consider doing a new character specifically for it .
they had them at costco for 280 or something at the start of the summer .
my dad told me a few days too late .
i mean your making way more noise than you think you are .
you ads you changed your fire mode you even got the first shot off .
maybe he was cheating but just coz you died after picking up a ledx doenst mean he was cheating .
but i died after picking up a ledx is imo a terrible way to determine if some ones hacking .
if he knew the ledx was there why would he even let you pick it up .
why would n't he have grabbed that shit before you even knew it was there ?
i 've had na beers years ago when i thought they would help me not crack into my 15th beer lol but they all sucked !
to be fair both corporate political parties suck ass in the us though .
one has support from lots of actual people on the ground that mean well though .
most people would have been blanketing after her treatment just in week 1 !
bet she 's overjoyed that amy coney barrett went to law school though .
the woo tang clan ai n't nothin to fuck with tonight
the fed is printing has been printing and will continue printing into the future ... while there will be gyrations in the markets usd will be inflating forever this should have gold going up ... .
thank been here for a while but ok cool got some good tips
all those cars are literally stolen designs and technology of other western countries .
loan him some money and ask him to pay you back whenever he can . ''
he will vanish from your life instantly and permanently .
there 's literally no reason for it other than your selfish gains .
if you actually cared you would never lie no matter what it is .
if peralta is too injured to pitch in a game like tonight 's why are they not sending him to the il ?
it 's been what ... eight or nine days since he 's last pitched ?
hey i justly home from work are you available to trade rn ?
and i can do a silver bottle cap for each trade
i 'm on the america side i want no more bullshit
we just bought our first proper house a few weeks ago which has a nice pool not quite to your level but still fun .
do n't tell me how big this is for our communities .
shit in one hand and pray into the other .
if the church wanted to help they would be funding and facilitating counseling and healing .
they 're not even paying for their own security .
you 'll have to forgive me if i am sick of hearing about it .
really🤔 because she had been there for months playing professional basketball .
the basketball season had ended and she was trying to leave catch a flight back home .
so she must been carrying that store bought package around at least six months or way more .
whoever has btc 10 years later those people will be privileged
of listings 1 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22ireallylikecats69 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 100 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22ireallylikecats69 22 20or 20title 3a 22ireallylikecats69 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
still thinking about that tumblr post that went the void is loud and demands chicken '' .
very well done haha 😀 tbh i have n't even listened to their pressure machine album yet loved imploding the mirage though 😍
good i 'm male otherwise i would have remained celibate and do that sterilization since i fear childbirth but killing the rape pregnancy seems evil to me .
i mean i do n't understand why anyone is trying to argue for this..
pro players are playing undergeared they could change this by playing the game and become more efficient in material hunting .
you are can argue for it all you want it doe n't change that it makes no sense whatsoever..
hampton and 44 sees its fair share of theft and tomfoolery .
they even moved the cash registers to be facing the doors instead of away to keep an eye on all characters coming and leaving .
those who live on the edge can be really good people too
nobody on the edge is really good '' in bb/bcs .
i also see brett hart sean michaels and rick flair .
it 's baffling because these are n't just names that have n't changed in decades but brands unto themselves with logos graphics games articles and books all reinforcing the spelling .
at least with hennig his most famous era was as mr .
i can understand people not absorbing the spelling of his real name .
go to ic because what you are going through is not easy at all .
if you can make sure their custody come to you and not the stxw esp since she has someone else .
i shudder to think ap being the stepfather ... esp if you have a daughter .
working out and going out with friends is the way to go .
this guy should be a fucking psychic if his intuition thinks it knows the experience of an entire community he has no part of .
also love how he says the human male experience so you know women ai n't horny for him 🤣 someone is projecting their insecurities
every single american ideal and expectation was crushed for me through lived experience and watching other people be subjected to horrendous state violence .
i have always had anarchist ideals didnt know there was a solidified term for it until i was about 15/16 .
i hired one and ran out of money in 2 weeks with no results except i 'm gon na need to spend a lot more which i do n't have .
i worked with my bf and so i lost my income too .
i 'll admit it 's awkward but i use it pretty regularly .
i think it could 've been done a bit better but it 's easy to criticize and i know fuck-all about designing video games so 🤷🏼‍♂️
mfk aqua universalis for when it 's warm but not stifling
goldfield banks pacific rock moss for a refreshing aquatic spritz
i know a lot of people give tudn shit for their broadcasts but i think fox deportes has hands down the worst broadcast in liga mx
then it 's a sign of god 's wrath .
beaten them 4-0 in a preseason friendly do n't be getting ahead of yourself the intensity of that game is in no way representative of what 'll be on show in selhurst park under lights in a couple of weeks .
again there 's no need to spout that vitriol .
yo original creator of that video appreciate you sharing it !
i 'm sure anyone can find holes in my logic and i 'm fully for it .
it teaches me more about tf2 and valve so if you want to discuss about my things being wrong go for it !
i do n't use reddit that often but i wanted to drop by and say this .
steve 's on the moon staying in shape presumably .
how does ricciardo and ocon rationalize their underperformance weekend after weekend ?
i guess i 'm lucky because my mom was always there for me not trying to push me away like this idiot .
this reminds me of the horror i felt when i saw the distance to hutton .
once you get far enough in the story i believe around level 6 or 7 for your character an event takes place .
you will get to select an ability and mythical beast is one of the options but you only get 5 of these throughout the game and the last one is pretty close to the end .
i like mythic beast on characters that are n't desperately in need of other abilities because dr can really put a damper on pets since they ca n't use weapons which are the most common way to bypass it .
after reading it the actual ability works on anything except dr that is n so it is n't that good but it also gives half your mythic level 1 to str/dex/con for the animal companion and their natural attacks count as ghost touched .
joe planting seeds earlier with taylor telling her to get close with brittany and michael .
she assured to him that she already is since day one .
blind and visually impaired people will often ask for the qr code for a menu so that they can use their voice translation apps to read the menu .
qr menus are way more up-to-date than anything a restaurant has printed in braille 99 of the time and blind/vi people can blaze through a menu using one of those apps .
they are normal people hip to all the normal crap the rest of us are ... just without vision .
in the top part i did n't even say half of that .
the collar is for the bell ... we all need the early warning .
personally i chose a regular size iphone 12 over the mini because my hands are big enough to comfortably hold it in one hand and with the things i do on my phone the bigger battery life and screen were better for me
i do n't think you need to toughen up your kid 's butt cream but also i do leave my kid in a dirty nappy for 5 or 10 mins because they 'll often go again .
also sometimes they poo in a car trip and i wo n't realise until we stop .
people complaining about landownership i 'm comparing to how it would be if the government owned everything
mike hall ca n't say no to any classic car whatever shape it 's in .
he could have made a decent business out of restoring the cars but he 's extremely sentimental and is completely disorganized .
even though he has got rid of most of the collection i suspect he 'll be back to his old tricks if his friends and family do n't keep an eye on him .
looks like he kind of deserved a beat down although i do n't condone the kicks to the head .
my boyfriend was sick the last two times we got together .
last time it was bronchitis after having had the flu .
the time before that some of his gastric issues acted up .
i agree benefits should 've been available for customers until their locking period ends .
agreed but since i could n't make one and i was n't willing to keep my hard top on this was a good compromise for me .
the only people that have a problem with burning confederate flags are confederate sympathizers .
it keeps your arm/legs from being scalded on the metal and cleans up the look a bit
you 're talking about that one lol i was thinking of the one that was actually made by ares .
honesty i 'm just not in the market for one i have 3 other guns and an hpa set up .
this aeg is just so that i have a decent gun in case i want to use it you know ?
i only buy when it dips so i check in daily
astro-photography gets really really deep but in a nutshell the objective is to let as much light into the camera 's sensor as possible .
that usually involves using a wide aperture and a really really slow shutter speed .
then after the photo is taken there 's a good amount of work you can do with software like lightroom to really make the stars pop .
no she does n't who she allows on her property is entirely up to her .
the slu and cap hill locations are very convenient .
they will sell it at a good price getting it into the hands of someone who needs it and use the proceeds to find job training programs .
when you have to drive every day and i have to live where you live because you ca n't afford to live anywhere else .
sit your privileged ass down and start listening to the people who are actually affected by the problems you 're containing about .
the three books in the trilogy are in order of publication the death of the gods the romance of leonardo da vinci and peter and alexis the romance of peter the great .
romance '' in the 19th and early 20th century signified a historical novel as in the subtitle to walter scott 's ivanhoe a romance .
merezhkovsky is one of the best writers of the so-called silver age of russian literature following the golden age of tolstoy dostoevsky turgenev pushkin etc .
and was nominated for the nobel prize for literature nine times but now almost nobody has heard of him .
i would n't have heard of him myself if i had n't been down with a cold and seized with the sudden desire to read a historical novel .
since i did n't want to go to the library or a bookstore and spread my germs all over everyone i looked for a public domain text to read online and found merezhkovsky 's death of the gods mentioned in a book-length catalogue of historical novels and stories .
julian the apostate '' has always fascinated me and i love the subject of ancient rome generally so the novel was right up my alley .
is n't that something that should be controlled for in a scientific study ?
well give the op some credit for the effort here .
the text is ridiculously small for the size of the graph .
got ta love you both for generalizing categories of people like they are all the same !
i was looking through your comments to try to see if you seemed as old as you said you were to avoid looking like a gullible idiot and came across a story ... anyways did u end up nailing your nieces friend ?
i do n't think he 's actually more genuine i just think johnny is n't as good at being vulnerable
that bag seems to be nintendo official it has the nintendo logo when you take that top off
enjoy living under some competent government pal a lot of us do n't have that
unless she a registered financial advisor she should n't be dishing out advice .
by 1st grade i was proficient enough to read things like berenstain bears on my own
yes i feel hiding the vote count generates better content .
or change the system away from popular democracy dictates which content is shown and digested .
the only game i can get to run without issue is super meat boy .
every other game i 've tried will run fine but crash within minutes .
just today read reddit post someone bought car for 22k and totaled in 6 months .
dude was in loss and without car same time .
feel sorry for him but please do not buy this .
if there is someone who is injured and someone who is uninjured it makes the most sense to go for the person who is injured .
simple as that and that 's not tunneling at all ?
if i dropped chases or abandoned the game 's objective for the sole purpose of removing a player from the game that would be tunneling .
they do n't deserve it for wanting to heal '' which i very clearly never said btw .
there 's a reason you do n't fast vault when you 're not in a chase the killer will figure out real quick where you are .
god i got so lucky ... .. you are 100 right and in my freshman year of college i became engaged to a girl who just graduated high school .
i thought we were happy i thought i was in love but most of all i thought man i 'm really righteous we have zero issues waiting to have sex until marriage ! you would have thought that would have been a red flag but nope !
thank god i decided to tell her about my porn addiction because i did n't want to have any secrets and she ended it with me .
i have zero ill feelings towards her and hope she 's living her best life but about a year later i met the woman i would marry .
it was still quick and we were still too young but 16 years later she is still my perfect better half and i 'm still wildly in love with her and yes when we dated we could n't keep our hands off each other .
ça fait plus d'un an qu'ils ne sont plus ensembles .
your very welcome gorgeous 😍 😘 we would have so much fun together 😉 😁
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
•tired submission submissions featuring content that is posted frequently is well-documented elsewhere or is of particularly low quality or effort are liable to be removed .
a non-exhaustive list of examples can be found at the following link https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dqw4w9wgxcq https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=twoxbgnp0fg
please carefully read the above removal reason s and the related section s of the subreddit rules .
if you accept removal you do not need to take any further actions .
unless you 're planning on parachuting or rappelling you do n't need bungees on the mags enough retention for running is fine and faster to draw .
there 's a cap on how many you get a season but i forget the exact number but i also know other people have said it 's buggy and does n't work for them .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/i1k1ize89gd91.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
i really didnt take it to heart and i dont think it came across as mean .
ive known ive had gynecomastia for a long time and am super insecure about it not even my family saw me shirtless for 5 years .
once i start to slim down a little more ill probably get some much needed sun
it took embarrassingly long to realize this was relating to mobile keyboards
changing your roster is pointless if you do n't have a good coach and i just have no faith in sungwoo
and now atc is getting paid absolutely fucking shit .
so glad i quit and went back to the airlines where i 'll be getting better than 1.4 raises each year .
what a lovely development when the homophobes are at peak .
until you 're standing next to a person in the new ones .
thank you confirms what i feared but really appreciate it ! 👍
so selfish it 's pretty obvious the car was holding the tree up .
that 's not in the original what version are you referencing ?
unfortunately your post has been removed because you have made more than 1 submission in the last 2 hours .
i currently live in texas and i am a penguin as well .
it 's lower than normal so it does n't help that i get hot extremely easily and fast .
my home is the same temp outside as it is inside .
previous homeowners were stupid and did n't do any renovations correctly plus people used to squat in said place ... .
most gaming laptops have one of the 6 core 11th gen i5 but be sure to double check
does n't sound interesting to me lol never even thought about watching it .
plus the more something is advertised the less i tend to want anything to do with it .
makes me feel like i 'm some kind of robot if i fall in to that pit before the ads end .
titles need to include your gender and your age in this format such as 'm30 ' 'f30 ' 'nb30 ' 'm30 ' 'f30 ' 'nb30 ' '30m ' '30f ' '30nb ' '30m ' '30f ' '30nb ' .
please make a new post with the title similar to the examples .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
i ran into a problem a lot as a guy who is closer to that perfect '' gym body i 'm lean but muscular broad shoulders etc .
i tend to like my women softer and curvy and a lot of the women i approached when i was single thought i was n't genuinely interested or that i was just looking for a quick easy '' one night stand .
hi u/maxkoz2004 please read the accepted sites we allow for merchandise here .
https www.reddit.com/r/capybara/wiki/accepted_merchandise_sites if you would like this post to be unlocked or if you would like to credit the original source to this merch then please message our mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcapybara
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/capybara if you have any questions or concerns .
and if they kill me from a building i respawn out of their line of sight .
you seem to be thinking about this from an active pvp point of view where i actually want to fight these people .
if i 'm delivering shit i can avoid people nesting on rooftops easy enough .
ai n't shit i can do about a skilled pilot that wants me gone .
so when the update drops public sessions can fuck themselves .
you can fill your pouches on first run and still make it to the portal though ?
what is your reasoning behind not filling pouches on the first run ?
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
vartiainen ei ole ollut pormestari silloin kun tästä on päätetty .
sen sijaan sdp n nazima razmyar ja vihreiden anni sinnemäki olivat silloin apulaispormestareja ja ovat yhä ...
will fat loss make it less uncomfortable during hot weather ?
it should be in theory but anyone feels the difference in real life ?
i believe murata has his own personal collection of drawings of opm girls .
he must be lying if he says no it is just not possible for someone who can draw fubuki .
very short very easy very well written interesting language and a good theme
raphinha is also much faster and his passing is not as good
i had loan ss robertson and loan ss gomez angled got them both from packs
true but he would be getting paid time and a half by that point .
you do n't get shit in those office jobs .
especially if you 're naïve enough to complete your work ahead of schedule and they take more work without extra pay .
it did about a hour later with the hilt dropping
talla 's family as essentially xelayan rednecks makes way too much sense .
it would definitely add a lot more to his crimes but at the end of the day he still would 've saved the world .
of course he would n't be redeemed in that hypothetical alt-universe but he still would 've technically saved the world imo .
him admitting defeat to naruto only made sure he never got that much blood on his hands outside of those samurai .
so him getting pardoned makes sense if he actually got to kill the kages than was defeated than yeah he would 've probably been locked up but that 's not what happened .
i made a 30 minute lesson out of that verse my senior year in seminary .
it 's weird that so much of the continent 's history was n't included .
why are n't there examples prior to colonialization and invasion ?
it 's like his head is slowly absorbing his face..
the thing about essington is they always try to walk it in
conclusive laurie did n't knock it on conclusive that feldt did ... got it
to end the topic what is the main opinion why initially poland surrender ?
though it pretended to be an empire those times as well it even proposed france and england to battle with germans long before the wwii started ?
bro your not a lawyer stop assuming the lawyer is lazy lol .
she probably lives in america and in america corporations have all grounds .
especially in red states where the fire at will is a very popular state law
do n't send us a modmail about it we will not change it !
this is a spam protection mechanism tutorials on how to earn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean it was a great save but i am not at every game and have seen steve clark make a handful of better saves .
oh no i pik up a dead dog on the street it look like my baby but could not tell sorry i do n't have my glasses on
if you are truly interested in learning about this then use my link to go down a research rabbit hole of your own .
if you are n't interested in learning then let 's just cut the conversation now .
yeah there 's so many of them to collect but we really do n't want to once you get one you like it does n't matter to you anymore .
and it 's a shame that the third set of mastery tasks and a bunch of rewards in challenges are now a currency that no one cares about
my uncle lion used to say it could be an entire meal
i just was in a similar situation taking care of an outdoor stray without being able to take her in .
i called the local humane society and they told me to go to their website and fill out the pet surrender '' form and that would get her on the list to be taken in when they had the room .
it took a little over a month but i was finally able to take her in last tuesday .
i 'm going to sponsor her adoption fees she 's a lovely little cat and hopefully she 'll get adopted to a nice home .
yes this is what i try to say the can only blame uk for this
i think his true super powers are befuddlement and mystification .
since he 's the ultimate insider for this con then he 's just a prevaricating fabler .
numerous-actuary9442 is a not a verified user at r/indiansgonenude .
post a verification album to the sub or email the mod team otherwise your posts will be removed .
1.write today 's date must match the date that you post your username and r/indiansgonenude on a white piece of paper with either blue or
crumple the sign into a ball and then take your pictures with the sign uncrumpled .
this creates a lot of random angles in the paper
and convinces the mods and that the sign was not digitally altered .
2.hold the sign in at least one hand in at least 3 different pictures with 3 different poses .
make sure each shot of the sign is at a slightly
3.be at least partially naked with topless or bottomless nudity visible and show at least as much of your body as you show in your posts .
not send face pictures unless you plan on posting face .
if you are uncomfortable with nudity this may not be the sub for you .
4.the photos must be in full color without filters color-correction or any other type of digital manipulation and must be as clear as
5.if you have already verified with another recognised sub like igw or bangaloregw.send us a link of your verification album .
6.if your account is used by a couple they both must be present in the verification photos .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiansgonenude if you have any questions or concerns .
have you looked into the possibility that you have ibs in addition to ibd ?
i posted this after watching the draymond and nick young clip that came out a day or 2 ago .
but if it makes you feel better rent free amirite ?
started nursing school in the late 80 's and it was great .
then they started implementing an american style healthcare delivery system .
so many minutes to do a bed bath so many minutes to administer medications etc etc you know the drill .
it got progressively worse from there on so that by the mid 90 's it 's become a factory .
plus only the sickest of the sick were now being admitted we used to admit people with bleeding gums fractures abdominal pain from constipation i kid you not pretty light patients .
then the pre boomers were starting to take up acute care beds because for some reason no one expected anyone to live that long and yet having had that previous dress rehearsal with the pre boomers they were still unprepared for when the boomers started requiring long term care because no one was expected to live more than 5 years past retirement at 65 and so there were no facilities to warehouse them .
so truthfully the pre90 's were really the golden years of nursing when it was still fun and there was great camaraderie between the staff .
i 'm astounded that anyone still wants to pursue a career in nursing when so many other previously male dominated careers have opened up for women .
a nurse i worked with she left nursing to become a plumber in her 50 's and she 's so much happier and financially happier as well .
i know what we have read is a polished version but uow is hell of a 'first ' book to write .
ny females want to sound just like the niggas lol
looking back some were shot with a potato in terms of digital quality .
i have started taking some newd lol shots while testing some devices recently .
there 's authors on amazon making a living with kindle unlimited and probably releasing less words per month than webnovel authors tend to so if it did n't work that was due to webnovel being too greedy with their cut .
the books that are 10 each take the author over a year to write charging that for a monthly novel is just absurd .
i believe havelock wool is from a very specific type of sheep .
i think you 're going to have some problems down the road if you just start cramming your walls full of just any wool .
zinc oxide is used for healing and typically for severe cases of diaper rash .
the higher the zinc content the thicker the cream .
you can find foam baby wash at the dollar tree or organic brands at supermarket .
the purpose is to clean off the poop urine and spit up that can all be acidic and even if you wipe some can get left behind to cause irritation and then applying a barrier ointment does really no good .
you 're cutting the acid down with the soap cleaning and drying the area .
then placing a barrier ointment to help protect from the next round of poop or spit up .
and then if you need it because maybe you forgot the barrier ointment or did n't smell a poop or did n't realize the spit up went wherever you would use a cream with zinc to help soothe and treat the irritated area .
i 've never had to use a cream because a d does a great job at healing minor irritation .
melting as a result of being in the middle of a heat wave .
not fun when living in a country without aircon .
very much a struggle to do anything even uh enjoy myself .
hope you had a fun time when your edible kicked in !
really i thought the overall concensus was if you see someone stealing stfu ''
come on these two are way more than friends !
youtube has a policy https support.google.com/youtube/answer/9229229 ? hl=en about parent legal guardian consent to use minors in videos .
obviously not everyone who looks young is underage but probably most .
anyone featured on that platform can file a privacy complaint to youtube and op would have to either remove those portions or go back and blur out the faces if they did n't want the video taken down .
it does n't matter if a business owner has signage about the cameras youtube and other tech companies all have policies about children .
there is also a difference between a wide shot showing a huge crowd of people and another shot showing one individual that clearly identifies who they are .
sorry he pledged to end fossil fuels '' but what did you think that meant ?
i 'll send you a dm about some of the statues .
mine started taking the veggie tray and i 've been concerned he 's not getting enough nutrition he 's trying to drop weight too .
i know mine can buy protein powder but i 've never asked about supplements .
i hope you can gently get to the bottom of what might be his issue .
if i saw mine in person more it 'd be easier but he 's 8 hrs away .
there 's so many different routes you just got to pick one you 're passionate about and go with it .
you will fail here and there but you just got to keep going and learning from it .
that 'd be a long list better to just get sorted but everything is going to be pleasured wet and a little sore still tomorrow
i am going through that same struggle and you are right that you are not the problem .
we both deserve better and you will get stronger as time passes .
he does n't deserve you not the other way around .
they are masters at projection but just let it bounce off right back to him !
they probably used 100s of dies and when the chip was noticed they would have taken it out of service .
could be 100s could be 10,000s but scattered across the entire mintage .
point of reference the famous 1955 doubled die cent production of 20,000 coins was one die one shift .
i got about 8 hours in and the characters just repeated the same dialogue for hours on end to ad nauseam .
yeah give those enemies of democracy some credit i guess .
they 're not technically breaking any rules but they are pissing in the water fountain .
yeah i was selling an old phone on marketplace and got hit with one of these .
the person got real pissy acting when i told them face to face no zelle .
they tried to explain that it was for some family member and i checked their profile and they were hundreds of miles away .
just got fed up and told them to f off finally .
i totally missed the second pic so i thought all of it was based on the first pic ...
purse bids are only called upon by wbc/wba/wbo/ibf when two promoters can not come to an agreement during a mandatory fight .
there were no purse bids here hearn sold the whole event to saudis including worldwide broadcast and now saudis are selling it on their own to tv networks that is why there is an unusual delay in global rights announcement .
just in time for those little jerks to come get it again 😉
dot will only get you if you are over 26,000lbs and if you exceed the tire rating per axle .
i feel like mago is great i do n't remember what i gave but surely at least 9 but in 2022 i can say that the replay value of fancy is far superior .
it 's that kind of eternal bop no matter how you overplayed it ...
which is difficult to say for many songs even if great .
and i think mago lose a lot of its punch if you already know the song and have listened to it a bit not even too much it 's greatness is a lot in being a time capsule .
i love to see people let their bunnies have this natural instinct but how do you ensure they do n't run away ?
nope only britain has monarchs we 're actually the first ever modern democratic country and we 're the one who spread revolutionary ideas to europe
yeah but the thing with the one offs is that they just feel like just so dumb or uninspired .
like sens is just a valorant character with their utility .
the one offs also do n't really represent the countries that well either in anything but just being from there .
last 2 attackers do n't particularly represent their countries as a whole only really representing small subsections of their populations .
if they want to represent people from those countries maybe base it a little more closely on how the country actually looks .
because i guarantee that belgiums main special forces operators are not nonbinary half congolese person who listens to edm while killing terrorists and uses laser walls and has a mohawk .
or the main croatian special forces soldier is a half dyed hair blue uniformed trans women with deployable glass shields pit vipers and tech tattoos who was born into a toy making family .
that 's not representing a country thats just making a character and then assigning a country .
climbing games are traditional but everything that makes tichu tichu '' sounds like it was invented by urs .
they describe it in that article they play tested for three years during which they added all the special cards and passing .
you first losers or is life not worth living unless you can fly around in your private jets going to conferences where you scheme to kill off everyone else .
no need to cause a fight between them just for that .
i 'm actually extremely pleased with the anime adaptation so far .
i was n't expecting much but giving it to the monogatari team was a good call .
but it 's an old trick to plant child porn or make accusations against political rivals or journalists .
hell even the la comedy scene pulls this shit .
tripoli claiming redbar is a pedo then callen and schaub claiming to have 300 pages on bobby lee .
look at who callen 's father is and it should raise red flags on that whole group
i could n't help but laugh at the commentary because it reminded me of this scene in seinfeld .
king kong and son of kong were released months apart too but they were n't filmed simultaneously they just rushed son out as quickly as possible .
most bakeries sell them for 2.25 2.75 maybe even 3 due to inflation .
a box of 6 now costs 14 where i go .
and my opinion is just that of a daily customer for years .
when they 're good the customer will pay whatever you ask
in my eyes nothing will ever triumph southpark they basically invented the entirety of the adult cartoon genre despite not being the firsts to try their hand at it .
something about a bunch of fourthies doing everthing from starting the fourth reich to black mailing each other with their own porn is just hilarious to me
even though city do n't need the money i understand your point .
i have mackinnon at 3 but i did n't have makar at 2 yet .
seems a bit early but i could see the argument .
nta but you will be to yourself if you keep allowing this .
more serious than starting a war for no reason in iraq ?
calm down minotaur its just a little repaint it wont hurt ... stop stop stop it !
another option for reviewing removed content is your rev***eddit user page https www.reveddit.com/y/x ! x ! e ! u ? all=true .
the real-time extension https www.reveddit.com/add-ons/direct alerts you when a moderator removes your content and the linker extension https www.reveddit.com/add-ons/linker provides buttons https i.imgur.com/0baimpq.png for viewing removed content .
there 's also a shortcut for ios https www.icloud.com/shortcuts/62bc7570613c42cb8b851fad264136df .
the parent commenter can reply with 'delete ' to remove this comment .
to support this tool post it on your profile https old.reddit.com/user/me/submit ? title=see+which+comments+of+yours+have+been+removed url=https 3a 2f 2fwww.reveddit.com 2fabout 2f and select 'pin to profile ' https i.imgur.com/uq9agmv.png .
is n't wrestler kane the mayor of knox county ?
hes obviously terran posting sarcastically they have a persecution complex and think everyone is saying ghost is imba suddenly
i did n't think a handgun cock would be as affected as a shotgun cock who know
your opinion is irrelevant you have halloween 3 in your s tier list 😂 foh
discovered i do n't like medicine as much as i thought .
i enjoyed the opening chapter focusing on the larses and padmé before we get to the start of the movie .
and if i cant afford it im just withdrawing .
everyone i know that plays it also has lag issues .
the second you get off the map half the time you teleport to the bottom
after doing this i lost my blanket and all the music sheets got a reset is that a bug or what
that does n't change anything about the fact that blanket statements without mentioning country or which act specifically such as piracy is a crime '' are misinformation .
especially considering that many people really think that it 's universally true and universally applies for download which it is n't such blanket statements just reassures their mistaken view .
as i said it 's much more nuanced than that .
if you would like that sweet verified sexy flair which gets more attention from members then check out our verification process here .
https www.reddit.com/r/sexy/wiki/index/verification verified users are also automatically entered in the contest to have their photo in featured spot located in the sidebar about tab in the app .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexy if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a friend who ended up like that .
but be prepared your dad might not cafe what your opinion is .
one of my girls worked at longhorn and basically had the same i quit then you 're fired experience .
makes me wonder if they do n't want people to quit because of some board of directors thing ?
many times over xx more of those amazing boobs please x
i also feel less and less need for fancy clothes while working from home .
both sold some but also donated most of it .
kept just a few for special occasions and just because i like to have them haha
i think our pr system is the best too .
i actually voted to abolish the senate a few years ago .
i think it would cut down red tape and allows for faster legislation to be enacted .
like did she even have time to pack a bag or say goodbye or anything ?
this response is totally a bot 's opinion if you dont like it i 'm sorry have a kitten https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dqw4w9wgxcq
that would require him to stand for something and we both know he ca n't do that
well that was embarrassing just counted how many amazon shopping lists i have ... counted 39 ! !
! 😱😭😂 im not going to even bother counting how many items i got on each i put it on the list so i dont forget how to find this beautiful or 'useful ' or thats interesting or i will get that when i can .
and there they all stay for years ... oops just remembered the saved for later basket ... 🤦🏻‍♀️
that clickbait would only look good with one eye open from one angle
oh how i long for a prime minister who is dull as dirt !
seems like everyone is having massive issues with kits .
it 's a cross between a sidewalk and a playground .
i 've been current position for 8 years but only had 1 day off sick that was a couple of months ago .
my question is what is the limit of creating these ?
they can continue to create synthetic shares liquidity as long as they have the capital to do so .
have we noticed the price of bitcoin going up and then dropping ?
have we noticed the rise and fall of zombie stocks ?
the purchasing power of the dollar has grown much stronger against other currencies .
as the dollar starts to dwindle we will see a rise in commodities and funds will implode imo .
the fed system and our markets are built on debt .
as our fiat dollar debt system falls apart so will the shfs ability to control it .
things are going to get really bad for a lot of folks in the u.s. like they have been around the world .
i pray gme owners do their best to help others when this happens .
this opportunity will either be the worst or best thing to happen to many of us .
i pray i am strong enough to kill my flesh and be the light the world is going to need in these times .
if some choose to paper hand if some chose to drs/not drs if some choose to believe fud it does not matter .
let me reassure you nothing anyone does can stop what is coming .
the gold elements such as the golden emblem on the front plus some on the fenders and inside .
you have a local invidious instance backed in so it 's kinda selfhosted need to switch it in the settings .
also for the going at the top issue i usually use mouse3 on a video which open said video in another window so i can stay exactly where i scrolled not ideal but at least work .
he does n't have regen since his quirks are off .
the singularity/evolution/adaptation stuff seems to be only on his left arm .
a complete '' bible that includes the apocrypha would be the את et cepher .
personally i would use chabad or etz hayim for the ot and a greek interlinear for the nt .
you can now join our wholesome discord community server over here .
https discord.gg/qqp7wkx if you just feel like talking want a place to hang out or if you want a more in depth discussion d
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freecompliments if you have any questions or concerns .
when you get to shanghai there are for sure some groups that have lots of musicians and also there is a service called anyhelper '' that you can ask questions to .
they also have created many groups to crowd source info in shanghai and in china .
add them and you can ask them your questions .
that would be a great way to mesh into the local culture it 's a chinese zither that i 'm always told girls like to play .
they use a different notation system so it would be really fun for you !
if i can save attribute points to put elsewhere by turning off a free throw timing then i 'm going to .
your the only person i 've ever heard that has an issue with rp free throw 😂😂😂😂
why would n't you be proud of having high ability ?
how hard is 50 island souls for a pretty new player to the game ?
we are starting our educational efforts for the new vote escrow ve system based on venomics of curve soon !
dang that sucks but at least she can recover at home .
damn literally noone picked rogue mage as the better one .
i mean i also 100 suggest thronebreaker for it 's amazing story but it 's sad that cdpr made something so ... not special
in realtà poi non sono una persona pigra ma dopo pranzo mi cala davvero la palpebra in maniera pesante
it might be better than it was but it still is pretty sketchy .
it looks like there has been one homicide in hidden valley so far in 2022 and another right at the entrance to the neighborhood on tryon .
in 2021 there were five homicides along the periphery of the neighborhood 4 on sugar creek .
i told my sm that i do n't care about carepass .
lol these higher ups can upsell it themselves because i 'm sure not .
no one with sane logic is gon na fucking care if you fire them either over it .
not for fuck 30 an hour they wo n't .
if russia interfered '' with 1 of its peaceful neighbor 's sovereignty then we nato should 've done the same thing too immediately !
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
the one event township cares about most and which is developed most as well is „room renovation event they have to write the texts do animations add levels to the explosive puzzle design the renovated area ... and why do they spend there time in doing this ?
right because players hate renovations too many of them levels too hard boring to play the same mini game for 14 days ... .
i hope they will add something like star fever to events like bubble gum festival arcade fever rev and ride ... so that we can finish tasks to get for example unlimited lives unlimited boosters for an event slower gumball more green platforms ... season adventure/regatta/event point x2 and so on .
playrix just needs to get creative again and develop these events .
i am a solo player i find some of the changes good it 's did need a nerf in some way i believe the primary target changes are good but the 2 hour cool down is maybe to much one hour would be better but i do see that this allows for me to do the other things in the game and then returning to doing a cayo heist .
raise your hand to get 5 to dodge fireball easy .
i would n't say it 's crashing out willfully .
those with good parenting are influenced negatively by their surroundings .
i often have to remind myself the things on phillywiki illustrate a small portion of what philadelphia truly is .
to directly see change top dogs ogs of the streets will need to call truces and become strategic in their dealings .
the level of violence in the hood serves no one and it fucks up everyone 's bread .
the only folks who can reverse this trend are the ones in the life ... otherwise we will see another rizzo as history repeats itself .
as someone chronically ill who needs a lot of time off sick i fucking hate that healthy people pull sickies to game the system .
its a symptom of a wider problem of not enough leave and i am fully in support of mental health sick days as well as physical ones but damn knowing there are people who take advantage of the days available when not needed has meant working is really difficult for someone who can work very well when healthy but has to be off ill more often than the average person .
i have had to leave so many companies with shitty sickness policies .
i fortunately now work somewhere where i can have indiscrimate days off sick when needed but i am lucky many ill people are not .
if i could perform chromatography i 'm not going to be testing shrooms ... 🥸
i 'm not aware of grammar schools doing that .
ma'am from what i just read you are a really awesome mom .
i remember hating/being mean to my mum as well .
but i did get around it and were close now .
i 'm sure your son will love you back the sam if not more in the near future !
please cheer up and have a great day ahead !
ichinose 's head on the chopping block is the more likely outcome for me .
yeah but surely you have so many stabbings it makes up for it .
with the cd move aerobatics and it is quite the little murder fluff lol
all i see is a potato with arms and legs
tbh i 'd merge clerics and wizards in the first place to be more setting-general .
for example the existence of gods is uncertain in my setting much like in the real world so if i ban divine magic i 'd need healing from somewhere .
armstrong is just muscular but the muscle augmentation quirk is swapped out for nano machines .
guess it would come down to mark andrews or marlon humphrey and in that case i think we 're more fucked without mark
but as for the gender identity thing i do think that just means brain sex i do n't believe in this conflating of gender and personality if you are transsexual your brain would be a womans brain .
i pat dry with a towel every time i cleanse twice a day .
i usually purchase towels with a rougher texture so that i can use them to lightly exfoliate my skin after cleansing if that make sense ?
like gently rubbing my skin with the rough side until my face starts to get a little rosy .
this is only done like once a week though and i ca n't guarantee that it 's safe but it works fine for me lol
it wo n't just go away by not talking about it if anything the awkwardness will accumulate until someone explodes and something worse happens to the relationship
i missed so much but learned alot of perspective . ''
i 'm super curious what people will think re this being a flag .
but i just feel like if i text first i wo n't know how he feels about me .
also.. you have strong boundaries and are clear on what you expect !
sometimes i just wonder if maybe it 's nice to give someone the communication of how you want to be treated before giving up on them .
there was more spin in that circular logic than a spiral cut out pass from benji marshall .
i think michael stays if he 's on the block with brittany .
she 's not well trusted by some in her alliance and michael is a proven competitor .
the leftovers have the votes in that case assuming ameerah leaves this week and should vote to keep the stronger member around .
you 're right i ca n't help that i 'm bi but also lots of lesbians ca n't help they 've had negative experiences with bi curious women that make them hesitant to date bi women .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
note users may not delete and resubmit images without a good reason
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
it 's different but i think people are just referencing the older movies and games when viewing .
they do n't get off scot-free but definitely more accepted than male predators in society .
do i have to wait for a day irl ?
why would atropos need imrik to summon some hugely evil creature .
she is powerful enough to abduct anyone she wants apparently if she bothered enough to leave her neet cave .
as others have pointed out it does nothing unless referred to by another card .
currently there seems to be three encounter cards where elite matters
i figured the elite keyword meant that she 's treated as a villain too
there is a keyword that kind does that it 's called villainous and it gives the minion a boost card when it attacks or schemes .
oooh boy a lot of favorites here so you get them in order
i think they should make a mini-game in the shooting range to zero a gun to an ammo .
the better you play the game the more accurate the zeroing .
i always just assume there 's a dildo on the inside
what a coincidence i had a jellyfish race with bioships filled with water not very long time ago .
and one aquatic humanoids who also used bioships with gravitation manipulations
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=montanajock92 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
god damn coach ... .you did us right i say walking forward pressing you softly onto your back
we 're moving and my husband 's job will now be 7-3 and i 'm fucking jealous .
i have pmdd and depression and suicidal tendencies so not only does it heighten them but i can get verbally abusive and physically violent .
i 've been moved from one antidepressant to another to help so far the sertraline is okay so maybe check with you gp about taking that .
i 'm also going to be moved to the hormonal coil eventually because they keep fucking me around and hopefully that will help too .
i 'm currently on the copper coil iud and it makes my periods longer lasts 2 weeks and heavier .
i was also on the patch for a period of time and my god was i miserable and agitated a lot .
thank you for your submission on r/nft join us on discord https discord.gg/yc6e4phwsa for live discussion on everything nfts and to share buy/sell your nfts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nft if you have any questions or concerns .
kpop as country say you 're not a country music fan .
how many country artists can you name that are still releasing music ?
only the top artists are actually going to be mainstream '' and only the ones popular abroad will be getting more listeners on spotify .
comeback schedules kpop groups tend to release music twice a year in mini albums typically 3-4 songs with 1 title track that is heavily focused on .
it is usually the only song promoted and fully choreographed .
for some fans the choreo can make or break the song .
i know some kpop fans never listen to b-sides just because they do n't have choreographies .
so though the kpop schedule averages out to about the same music as a 1 full album every 2-3 years '' schedule in practice it means that songs that are n't the title track get far less listeners on spotify .
intense engagement kpop fans are known for being very active on social media .
if they see a mention of their idol out in the wild of course they 're going to comment about it .
as someone else mentioned it 's a small group of passionate fans vs a lot of casual listeners .
take the centuries-old twice vs blackpink debate for example two huge girl groups with very different strategies .
spotify monthly listeners twice 8.5 million blackpink 13.4 million .
blackpink 's songs individually have way more streams nearly all of them over 100 million .
but twice recently passed 1 billion streams for this year .
well twice has 150 songs and are about to release 9 more while blackpink has 21 depends how you count it though .
but blackpink has a huge international fanbase while twice has just started growing one .
someone 's mentioned that too so there 's not much for me to expand on .
groups that dominated korea back in the day even ones that are huge there right now are n't going to be pulling numbers on spotify .
do you know when and where they were popular ?
i saw you mentioned once after bts and loona .
once is the name of the fandom of the group twice .
loona was the face of the stan loona '' meme for seemingly no reason but only recently started to gain a larger fanbase due to a performance-based show called queendom .
probably charizard because its versatile can fly and was my first pokemon .
i love arcanine though and it would be so fun to ride on and have a giant fluffy fire dog around .
i would n't mind if he fulfills his claims lol
i can tell that even though sanji loved being on the baratie he still had a bigger urge to explore the world for the all blue .
i 'm happy luffy met sanji and gave him a chance to go and find it .
yeah i would n't do another delivery like this .
it was nice to go on a mini road trip though
just as you 're not gon na listen to 45 minutes of the conspiritard 's bullshit i 'm not gon na sit here and type out all the dialogue for you verbatim .
but here 's a link to a phillyd show episode where phil plays the clip of rogan saying the quote in the thread title .
you wo n't watch 45 minutes will you watch 62 seconds ?
the tldr is that joe saying to go shoot the homeless people is an appeal to absurdity .
he and segura are discussing a hypothetical generic situation where in la or in california a homeless person has a car parked half on the sidewalk straddling the curb with a canopy over it and a dresser just next to the car .
according to segura the law states that under those circumstances that dresser is protected private property so if someone were to take it or take property from it they 'd get arrested .
specifically segura says that people do get arrested for that all the time .
that 's when joe retorts with the out of context quote about just killing homeless people then '' because while apparently people do get arrested for stealing from a homeless person under those circumstances as established by segura it 's rare for anyone to get arrested for murdering a homeless person .
the comparison joe is making is that therefore it 's better to murder the homeless person as opposed to only robbing from them because if you murder them nobody cares '' and you wo n't get arrested .
again though the context makes it clear that joe is not in favor of murdering homeless people and it is specifically the opposite case like i said it 's an appeal to absurdity i e. what a fucked up world we live in where it 's better to murder a homeless person than just to rob them . ''
joe says and does a mountain of dumb fucking bullshit .
this is a rare case where he 's a broken clock 'cuz he 's fucking right it 's fucked up that people get arrested for stealing from homeless people but not for fucking murdering them .
not that people shouldn't get arrested for theft but fuck 's sakes they sure as hell fucking should for fucking murder .
the trove has been down for a while now .
i 'm not an expert on this monitor but it 's possible there 's unit-to-unit variance .
another possibility is that i 'm not as sensitive to overshoot as you are .
if it helps i 'm currently using displayport 1.4 to connect to the monitor .
i seached it up its not a whittleton creek suit its a carryover for hitman to hitman 2
not sure where people are getting that oop said that microlabels are dumb they only said that having a lot of them could be unnecessary .
that 's their opinion and it 's okay to have differing opinions .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=russki1319
but it will be even better if u sat on my face and give a footjob like this 🥰😛🍑
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
you 'll stand out as thoughtful because most girls love flowers .
i 've said it before and i 'll say it again if there is a god the only way i wo n't absolutely despise that god is if he has no power besides creation and claiming souls .
that hell shit better be fake he better not be able to intervene with us at all because this world is fucking terrible no decent being would ever put his creations through this without stopping .
may the power to the players be with you .
make sure to check the troubleshooting guide https www.reddit.com/r/skyrimmods/wiki/troubleshooting_guide for help with crashes and other problems !
the .net script framework https www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/21294 can also help in diagnosing crashes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skyrimmods if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not upon them to help burn it down either though ... like what a weird take .
you may be thinking of 'elizabeth from knoxville ' who lied and is from maryland
if your front door faces west check your cameras at 10:22pm
i like bnw though but we 'll see what happens next season .
drugs are terrible thing 's people will do anything to get there fix
i more meant the deep emotional storyline '' she has going with her eds but yes also that
she may not and you wo n't waste your time
first of all all these shit talking nerds are dumb .
about the work what wood is it and do you find they ever want to fall out ?
if yes what wire are you using with that ?
do n't forget to close windows when it 's raining .
do it right and once in the air it pretty much flies itself .
but that was more of an at the time unknown circumstances on my end .
we 'd been together since i was a freshman in hs .
she was a year above me and it was hormone-fueled teenage level horny brain when we actually had a comfortable opportunity .
maybe not they had intelligence yes but they also had an interest and drive .
and after that 5 star meal u have no apetite anymore .
was gunna put tool fear inoculum but someone got it so i 'm gunna go with arctic monkey tbhc
jokes on you your secrets in play arent active during your turn .
take my upvote take my award take my tooast and cooffee .
the grass-cutting sword is a part of the series of cursed tools called the three sacred treasures and it is the most powerful of three in terms of pure offensive power .
the grass-cutting sword is a long thin sword specifically a jian it 's blade is a brilliant shining chrome and it 's guard is strongly curved and made of gold .
despite easily being the length of a two handed sword the handle only has room for one hand .
the grass-cutting sword really as two notable abilities associated with it the first is it 's incredibly low weight as it weights no more than a thin twig .
the second and arguably way greater ability is it 's ability call upon the wind to aid it 's slashes by letting it great hurricane level gusts which can easily slash a building apart and cut at great distances .
the true test of mastering this blade is mastering restraint as it 's destructive capabilities are unrivaled .
it 's said a great user once could cut down every blade of grass on a field filled with people without as much as scratching a single person .
i have no armor and decos to get mind 's eye would this still work as i progress through mr6 ?
i noticed hh 's overhead smash does n't get deflected when i 'm on green..
i had a new daughter there was nearby construction which causes scorpions to flow in to neighborhoods and i just had work done on my walls where they like to hide .
stepped on one and it put me on my ass for a night and i shook for 3 .
i was so afraid of my daughter getting stung .
nightly i would go out with a uv light and a poking stick .
for 2 weeks i. august i found 15 a night .
it was hell til i switched exterminator companies and they apparently nuked my property because after that i was lucky to find one or two a night .
i do n't know why ryan reynolds and ryan gosling are always held up as some amazing perfect men when they 're very generic looking white guys .
anyway i obviously did n't get my point across correctly what i 'm saying is that you think that visual attraction seeing a man and thinking he is stunning and being immediately being attracted is enviable and what men really want from women
what i 'm trying to get across is that that belief that visual attraction emotional attraction is a very male centric perspective .
basically that your seeing the world from a position that how men see it the correct way .
if you stop and think about it emotional attraction is more meaningful and significant .
the thing with celebrities is that a lot of people form parasocial relationships with them .
there is n't any stranger i would sleep with immediately no matter what they look like and i know alot of women feel the same way
say a soldier is back home hears some shouting and through muscle memory '' pulls out his weapon and fatally shoots an innocent person would you be as generous ?
how can people not get this no i am not comparing the details obviously !
i am saying would there be a similar desire to use that same reasoning to defend someone who had done something significantly more serious ?
the scenarios are not analogous i am talking about the reaction to defend with that reasoning .
if his cheating is so engrained in his game that he does it reflexively then he deserves all the criticism for that .
he has cheated so much that it is n't even a conscious thought any more .
that 's just terrible and deserves every bit of criticism .
so if he goes to any other gym dudes going to be a laughing stock .
i 'm interested if you want to take a look at my most recent post and see if anything stands out
i do n't mind this is how libertarians are born .
in the uk which is about the same as southern canada
southernmost point of the uk is north of winnipeg and toronto is south of venice so i 'm not sure i agree with this statement .
i always have to crouch to see my hair even for a body length mirror '' 🤣
u/realaliablack your submission has been successfully posted in r/petite !
please ensure that you have followed the rules and thank you for posting .
moderators have the final say in whether or not an image or comment is acceptable for this subreddit .
if you do n't agree with any of those rules please do n't post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
the most addicted i 've been to anything is kratom and i 've done every drug under sun and been addicted to countless things .
kratom truly just became the only thing besides weed that i did literally all the time .
and yes it feels really innocent until you start getting withdrawals and then you feel like you have to take it
u/realaliablack please verify use this link https www.reddit.com/r/petite/wiki/edit/getverified failure to verify when asked by one of the mod team will result in you being muted until verified .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
although now it comes up i wonder why harrow did n't conjure some skeletons and have them dig up the ground .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=sundaeno563 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
∆ interesting theory but i do n't really buy it .
interstellar travel is not that hard for non-human life and probably wo n't be that hard once we establish a good source of nuclear fusion energy which is theoretically possible .
i think within the next century probably a 30yo 's lifetime we 'll see a couple brave human willing to set sail for another planet with no intent of coming back to earth .
also speculating lol but i 'm not sure i agree with that because even a short-term rental is still considered a lease .
if i have a one year lease with some place and i decide to move to a month to month the terms are the same unless we change them and both sign off on it .
lease holdovers are still bound by the same monthly rate and other rules as is the landlord in terms of providing all amenities they included .
they booked for one month which means they have a month to month lease based off the terms they agreed to at the time .
i do think there 's better advice to try than find a lawyer and that 's cash for keys but if that does n't work then it 's time to lawyer up imo
yeah i do n't have a underwear kink but i do find it really hot i love a good bulge tho
there have been 24 mcu movies since phase 1 ended if every single one has been shockingly shit '' why on earth would you subject yourself to continuing watching them ?
all of the best movies in the franchise were released after phase 1 and though there have been some misses i would genuinly say that none of them have truly been bad mediocre at worst and some of the best movies of the decade at best .
if you watched infinity war and didnt like it fine but to call it a bad movie is objectively wrong .
it does come from the mind of a computer after all .
quite unsettling to think that this technology will be running society in 100 years time !
i hope the machines are kind to us ... !
it 's my take on the monument to the renowned russian composer sculpture by a.kovalchuk 2016 in the kamergersky lane moscow .
i wanted to invite viewers to discuss their attitude towards classical music exemplified by prokofiev does he/it lead or lag behind the spirit of the day exemplified by the crowd ?
the shot was made a few months ago on a rainy day hence the bubles of the earth .
reddit would n't let me post a link to a respective article in russian on wikiwand .
but you may try to google пузыри земли bubbles of the earth if interested .
why do people like prokofiev both outdo and outlive them as if they were made of some other stuff ?
do you think i succeeded the above taken into consideration too ?
i am new to photography and may miss some points obvious to others .
i expect and welcome constructive criticisms that will help me to get better .
the lack of will to do anything is painful i hope you find it again soon .
yes because a lot of the best monster sets that are used in pvp come from vetdungeons like march of sacrifices balorgh .
i 'm older done alot off things i know after meeting the parents it 's ass but while i mean do i go meet your parents with a cock ring on with vibrating
you kind of said you are not a girl so the game was ruined from the start .
can i see the math and peer review '' you 're referring to ?
i 'm have it paid off before 40 but because we decided to have kids i 'll have to keep working until i 'm at least 47 .
and he has another girl 's name in his bio ?
however i genuinely think you should all stop f5'ing and expect to go into this season with our current roster .
at least your mother is still around to buy you gifts .
that looks like the old civil war era virginia battle flag..i guess he fought during that war lol..he just wants ppl to get a rise out of it..best to ignore him .
bullshit cuz even the most bloodthirsty and turk-hater greek or whatever ca n't be that evil as much as he .
just to be clear i assume you mean scenario 2 '' and scenario 3 '' when you say scenario 1 '' and scenario 2 '' ?
if so thanks so much for your straight ahead answer !
i guess the question with scenario 1 2 becomes who would come after me if for the rights holders in the country of origin the work is already in pd ?
does the us care that much about rights to enforce other country 's rights if they do n't care themselves ?
in regards to scenario 2 3 if i read what you are saying right rights holders in say france may have a legitimate claim if i publish a translation of a book from 1919 but the author did n't die until the mid 60s but since i 'm publishing in the us i 'm protected by us law i 'd probably only have problems if i tried to sell the translation in france or another country outside the us with similar rights laws ?
some topics are better suited elsewhere with more care .
etiquette posts may not include annoying formatting ads promotional content spam or soliciting .
please view our wiki for our reasoning behind prohibiting certain posts .
if you have any questions we ask that you message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/casualconversation subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission 28https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/comments/w834qz/anyone_have_a_vip_chainsmokers_ticket_for 29 .
rules https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/rules etiquette https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/w/etiquette prohibited posts https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/prohibited subreddit directory https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/directory support https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/support message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcasualconversation
whine about double indy points all you want the drivers still earned those points everyone knows its double everyone had the chance to grab those double points .
ericsson and the mclaren guys got those points the others did n't .
maybe if penske did n't consistently suck shit at indy they 'd be leading .
you wan na succeed you got ta perform at the race the entire series is named for .
your post was removed because r/shinyporn requires users to have a minimum comment karma of 50 .
be aware that comment karma is not the same as the combined karma number on your profile .
there are no exceptions to this rule as it is necessary to combat advertising and spam bots .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shinyporn if you have any questions or concerns .
does not compute they are investing in their products and using their earned dollars to continue funding growth .
you would be sacrificing long term success for short term gains .
ios users discord has classified our server as nsfw .
so you will need to enable nsfw in your discord settings on desktop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a feeling production going to give them booze soon .
in addition to everything else if you 're out of your 20s you should not be with someone who 's just legal .
like that 's the minimum wage of sex which is to say you 'd probably go lower if you could get away with it .
i do n't know man have you seen some of the videos in this sub ?
there 's tons of goobers on video that are taking turns fighting invisible bees .
janna cuz cucking junglers and engage champs give me so much dopamine
i feel like something like this def happened and also would explain why aikanu hates dragon so much .
i think the star in the score 6/6 tells you it 's on hard mode .
is this something along the lines of my prof is a ‘leftist ' while i 'm a libertarian ?
try to relax peggy close your eyes and tell your muscles it 's okay to let go .
sissies made this and tried to make it look street .
just look at dudes hair and how he moaned .
we 're currently working on new technology that could theoretically fully automate farming using gps oriented tractors harvesters and other equipment .
we 're a couple of small steps away from fully automated farming in theory .
edit y'all keep downvoting me like you actually keep up with this shit yet y'all do n't know fuckall about farming .
next time y'all want to dispute something you do n't know shit about do your damn research first .
i live out in the boonies i know farmers fuck i worked on a farm for a couple years of my life .
i 'm not some dumbass spouting shit they do n't know about and i 'm not some simple dumb hick either .
with this technology we could theoretically use ai to fully automate every step of the farming process from sowing the seeds to applying pesticides all the way to harvesting .
it 's a relatively small step to get there .
nilou definitely is n't that much is clear from her leaked gameplay .
the un has tried to stop a lot of america 's crappy policies like the cuban blockade and the assault on bin laden .
it sucks but its basically rules for thee but not for me ''
as soon as we can muster an ounce of courage to stop participating in the lie .
that 's probably only ever gon na happen if we literally ca n't afford to live as long as we have basic necessities not many will have the courage to change if what we have is good .
edit to clarify historically it takes a lot for change to happen especially when that change is to either reform the gov .
as well as because many think being a part of america far outweighs independency though its important to note that this is mainly asian americans and other groups that are not hawaiians .
hot water in many places is part of working plumbing .
does it roll over at the end of each year or use it or lose it '' ?
i do n't know about older men but i certainly do .
wow i 've never seen a more accurate summary of a conversation .
it 's almost like i ca n't read everything above this comment .
yeah but you 're talking about testing it which i assume you would do in a smaller contained environment in order to minimize any damage if it ghosts .
i 'm talking about using the jump-dismount method during regular riding which does n't seem like a good idea at this time for the newer og pint pint xs and gts .
i asked about it in the discord and they said cyber crew hasnt reached out or anything and there are no plans to have cyber clones in their game unless they release a simplified version
she resents the fact she is a woman and has very little respect for other women .
i do n't see her as being specifically sexist just generally awful .
so if you have a non-supermarket option that isnt too spicy for the kids spill the beans on that sauce
number 2 was the last son originally a god/alien that got reincarnated into a human or was he just originally a human ?
adds some protection to the cable since it makes it flex less at some points .
i add paracord and techflex to mine so it flexes less and adds some protection against my cat
well a day without pay is literally illegal but i think docking your pay if you are n't taking safety seriously is pretty reasonable .
i 'd cross out four and five and then sign it .
what kinda idiot needs to be told 4 times to wear their safety glasses ?
someone who does n't have anything literally can be well cultured if they 're open to knowledge and good at relating to others .
i still do n't do that shit for people .
i definitely love the skin i love using the rus because it doesnt get heavily nerfed or buff but stays consistent each season .
the iron sight does not bother me i think 2400 cp is a really good deal for it and thus i would buy it .
ya i also had a significant other who pulled this crap .
i 'd say no they have n't but that just makes me think it 's something they 're choosing to focus on in the edit .
a new producer play im sure we 'll keep seeing to break leads .
yeah although all subsequent rereleases mobile/3ds have reinstated the numeral .
i have ran into people who whoop on tax .
that 's the thing about debt denominated in your own currency .
double points if you 're also the world 's reserve currency .
lips or hand contact would be so much better .
if you 're still dating afab ppl you are one of the few .
lots of times it 's not gatekeeping is just completely disinterest dude
therefore the masses of people who attend homelander rallies are supposed to be trump supporters .
those people are mostly portrayed as sheep todd or nazis the stormfront group .
homelander supports blue hawk in profiling black communities and blue hawk is a major satirization of a police officer .
i personally think that everything the show portrays is valid criticism of republicans but it 's never fun to be solely picked on so that 's why some republicans do n't like it .
the show does satirize some left wing stuff as well too but it 's mainly right wing .
you can die if you are suspended for too long .
the straps can cut off the major arteries in your legs .
r/onlyfans_promo is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
you are on auto renewal it charges your credit card the beginning of the month that your membership is schedule to renew go before the beginning of that month to cancel and get a refund then your card will not be charge what you said is correct but if they dont want their card charged go a month before it is schedule to renew for example you membership ends sept 30 2022 the first business day of sept your credit card will be charged if you go at the end of august even though you cancel your membership and get a refund often times your membership is in a limbo state you cancel your membership on august 30 2 days before your credit card will be charged with the old system of as400 the info that it is canceled may not get to the correct dept before it charges your card i have seen a former member come to the membership desk with a charge on their credit card for a renewal even though they canceled the membership i have seen current members come 2 days before their card should be charged use the rewards check to pay for their membership and the credit card gets charged now they dont have to renew their membership for 2 years
going with a slower download speed is almost always the right move .
watch for any issues once you 're settled in and gauge if you need more speed .
upload speed will dictate how well services like zoom work so keep that in mind if you 're sending '' versus simply consuming .
spectrum is notoriously bad for hitting you with montly increases once you 're outside of your initial protected rate period .
if you want to stay with them after your initial period call them before it expires and see if there is a way to get a firm price again for 12 months or whatever .
if you do n't have a firm price spectrum is gon na get you with 5/mo increases several times a year .
honestly regardless of the tip i still sigh everytime i see an apartment number or letter lmao
yup seen it posted but i discovered that room for myself for the first time a week or two ago .
think it might be a borderlands reference tannis ' boyfriend ceiling chair though i could be way off .
similar before and after to me just need to same up for some micro needling or other type of treatment to fully make me happy
no i met him on a night out and then we checked it out and i jokingly gave him my number and said call me if your short and 2 days later he did
the only reason tradable black roses are super expensive is because they are birthed from an old glitch and there are only a few hundred of those in existance .
there are hundreds of thousands of untradable black roses .
this is based on bluerabbittoys https www.etsy.com/shop/bluerabbittoys potion bottle pattern .
i used premier cotton fair yarn 2-fine in leaf green with a 2mm hook .
the bottle is filled with poly pellets and the topper is cork wood bead and a faceted glass rondelle bead in green .
the bottle has a triforce charm hanging from leather cord .
villager he would 've smelled it how 'd you get him to bite you ?
if anyone 's feeling creative i 'm pitching the idea of asexual vampire hunter that fights evil with nothing but the raw cosmic power of garlic bread and 80s stripmall karate ''
i guess i just do n't get it as a whole .
meaning for me i can like some songs but not the whole show .
they do progress the story but still i hate them .
i love how the values in the shadows are compressed .
you should can the surgeon 's office and speak to the nurse .
whole lotta mets fans feeling really weird about this clip
with roe versus wade being turned over there 's going to be an increase of individuals being born outwedlock but i also read an article today where they 're pushing for a bill to be passed that women can claim child support from the time of conception which then will be a domino effect onto men and discourage them from having multiple children from multiple women and will plausibly discourage women from being promiscuous because their going to have to show proof of paternity by dna testing which can be done at 6 weeks of utero .
no matter how you really want to articulate it .
unless we 're going to throw these babies away into a dumpster .
somebody has to raise them either it coming from a single mother or foster home .
somebody somewhere has to raise them and somebody has to start taking accountability .
if it 's going this way by dna testing and making men from the time of conception accountable by paying child support from conception and with women being held accountable to carry from the time of conception no matter what .
it 's a domino effect and it 's going to start getting society back onto a conservative track .
i think maybe not this generation but definitely the next we will see a difference plausibly .
i have trouble looking past his dumb personal foul that gave washington the win when we were at home week 3 or so that season .
doordash as a company has never made a profit .
it 's a simple gradient wallpaper but i 've never seen a wallpaper that fades from white to blue to black .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsessions if you have any questions or concerns .
you can avoid fighting them in fo1 but not encountering them
when will people learn to use the term woke as it was intended instead of what old whites bastardized it to mean ?
dickless getting kicked was not woke he was an asshole and dave is a woke comic .
well then it 's possible certain conditions must be met .
a reviewer said they had also been to that location .
please include a trip description in the comments of submissions like this otherwise they violate our no low effort content '' rule .
your post will be reviewed by one of our moderators shortly .
while you wait you can review our community policy https www.reddit.com/r/christianity/wiki/xp to make sure your posts are able to be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/christianity if you have any questions or concerns .
esh but you 're an asshole for making it about you and shaming him for the fact he and his soon to be wife wants that kind of wedding .
do n't get me wrong if i was him or his soon to be wife i would of made it possible for you to come but if that 's the route they want to go then it 's their choice .
we die on your hills is a pretty good one
most companies i would for will fire you but give you 2 weeks pay to leave now .
unless it is with cause and that is hard to legally prove .
if you wear a 1x or smaller 2x like me the sonoma maternity ones at kohls in an xxl are perfection .
i think you have to get the xxl online though .
i found this post r/idiotsfightingthings/comments/w7nni8/very_tough_dad_takes_on_a_laptop in r/idiotsfightingthings with the same content as the current post .
feel welcome to respond 'bad bot'/'good bot ' it 's useful feedback .
this is one of those situations where they ca n't make it go away by firing you .
you can not just claim i have poor reading comprehension and pretend that 's a valid argument .
that 's what people do when they do n't have a good argument they try to insult everyone else 's intelligence .
1 there are some mountains with different colors is it intentional ?
if yes i suggest you to find a better pallete this greenish tone is a bit off .
the combination of ocean and landmass colors is wonderful you can complete your pallete from them .
2 are you intended to make your map more geological accurate ?
if so there are some 'strange points ' you should correct .
one of them are the reivers running into a dead end as a lake .
the other is the 'straight ' splitting th nothwest from the northern part of the continent in the map it seens a bit unatural .
of course maybe it is your option to make them some magical exceptions but figure what you have in mind .
this is the shitiest list i 've seen in my entire life 👎
i 'll give it a sniff if i can ever track down a bottle .
i think it was 25 bucks or so and has everything you need .
i apologise for asking dumb questions but is it fine to ground r g b and composite on the same pin 6 ?
both of the ground pins 5 and 6 connect to the same place .
it 'd probably be easier to make use of both of them rather than trying to solder all of the shields to a single pin but it does n't really matter .
and do i have to ground the audio aswell ?
i wish i was a scientist so i did n't fucking hate it so much .
i 'm trying logging for the first time in amur to open up the road in cosmodrome and i swear i have n't been this frustrated with the game for a long time .
it 's taken me all day to get three fucking medium logs
i 'll take 'things that will never exist ' for 200 alex .
surprisingly it was something like 50 years between when the math and process of making holograms was published and when we invented the first laser which was necessary to make the holograms .
this sub is the only one on reddit that 's actually by gay men for gay men .
the others have almost all turned into queer shitshows .
your post was removed because you are asking a question .
we have decided to filter post titles that contain questions as they are frequently used in association with promoting non-reddit sites accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lingeriewomen if you have any questions or concerns .
if i need 26 surgeries to live a half normal life ... let me go .
i imagine that a dam on a river is n't physically capable of holding back the entire water flow for very long .
it would likely fail as the water level kept rising and then overflow washing out all of the bridges downstream .
nobody tell that the bolder staff exists as a golem drop
anyone have any way to guesstimate what they will be if the pause ended ?
i 'm currently making payments on my loans with the highest interest but if the variable are going to spike i 'll need to pay those off first .
the one time i carried that i had justification and enough fear/adrenaline to use it i opted to escape the situation leaving everyone alive .
i do n't regret it to this day and if anything it made me realize just how last resort i want my firearm to be .
i still carry and since that day i practice religiously .
i have supreme confidence in my capacity to draw and fire without a single thought speaking only to the mechanics .
i hope with all of my heart to never find out what it would take for me to commit to drawing and firing my weapon .
the bar is certainly higher than i originally thought it would be .
uhc is n't about controlling people 's risk taking at all as you claim .
it 's about providing health care to anyone that needs it without them having to go bankrupt .
healthier populace means more productive populace means healthier economy .
people like you are just butthurt about taxes in general and would rather a scummy middleman take you money than the government that might give some of that money away to someone else if you do n't get injured by the way this is how insurance works just with inflated pricing .
or maybe that 's not you maybe you do n't have insurance and your goal is to become a drain on a system you do n't pay into .
either way i think you are construing the point of uhc to defend your ‘limited gubment ' goals .
well sure but then surely someone else who did n't need saving will still complain .
the woman 's clitoris can create a vacuum effect and can suck up a person inside of it .
i was just there this weekend and saw several people on the street self vaccinating !
disagree completely movement patterns are n't the same but planche push up variations are the exercises helped me to get my full planche
more like pardoning margot as her last act as president before coming out in her last state of the union address which will most likely address margot 's situation and what it means to work with russians willing to bet the russians save both helios and nasa somehow giving margot a pardon she 's also might leave the gay nasa astronaut in the program and military by giving him a pardon .
and she 'll probably end up discussing what will be an eventual divorce from larry and tell the whole world she 's a lesbian and says i love you pam and i do n't care that the whole world knows .
that 's what i had in my mind when i said leaving office .
outside context problem is one character too long for the game .
i ca n't find any legal precedence of actual acquittal only people who had murder downgraded to manslaughter .
and given that it 's not just random murder there is some level of provocation that could cause issues for some people no matter how right '' it is it should legally be considered manslaughter not murder .
it 's not graded but it is in phenomenal condition
the broccoli head james '' one about papa 's pizzeria was ass .
just an update for you messed around with her today .
now my flair is changed and i have a new journey ahead of me .
transfer student looking for a sublet for fall semester .
thick af with a nice curve and most importantly rock-hard !
i would n't hesitate to suck her fine ass to sleep.. would have my cellphone recording while i ate her big dick and asshole !
dingo ate my taco has a restaurant on st kilda road .
you get a scar thru the tattoo like normal .
you can get the scar tattooed over after 6 months to a year of healing depending on how your body heals .
not all scars take ink well so you might have to go over it a few times to get the ink to stay .
mmm i 'd give you as much attention as you want .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
okocha is the player i think of when i think of allardyce 's bolton .
so this is why she does n't do onlyfans she was born without nipples
sorry i 'm not able to retrieve sauces for this post https i.imgur.com/olosbkw.png .
currently i can only work with imgur and i.redd.it links as well as direct links to image files .
i can handle imgur albums as long as they only contain a single image .
you may be able to find the sauce yourself using saucenao https saucenao.com .
he also said i know you guys see everything he was n't bad .
his only bad comment was saying taylor would n't flip out
what does an alabama girl say after having sex ... get off me daddy you 're crushing my cigarettes .
i 'd take another few at a deep discount .
still hoping to snag another wreck gar on the cheap to make a rubbish with that nonnef kit .
i would think that fall would be perfect these days nov-dec because of the holidays and with global warming getting seemingly worse and the days here ky usa can often be too hot for my kids to safely play outside.. it 's had me wondering
you better believe i 'm living for the moment but my moment son is the whole damn thing . ''
go online and sign up for bcaa right now .
the family that owns aegean has always been so nice too .
i have a persistent red scrotum rash for 3 weeks now .
it does n't itch just stings/burns and is generalized all over scrotum
got these two instead of the two new lrs .
i 'm waiting my results too and i did n't receive any email and my scores are n't posted in my portal yet
my routine is washing face with water in the morning and then apply novaderm gel which consists of sa and then wash my face with cleanser dermacos deep cleansing gel .at noon along with dermacos matting cream and then wash it again after my workout before applying such cream .
the milky way 's not far away when love travels faster than the speed of light . ''
your animal crossing character showing you the bug it caught
hey i have an emg em177 with colt trades i want to part with .
only thing is the handguard isnt realistic thickness other then that it has a factory mosfet and its wired to the front with a deans connector
a digital currency issued by a central bank would be a global target for cyber attacks cyber counterfeiting and cyber theft jerome powell .
i 'm a bot and the federal reserve does n't think mentioning crypto currency is very good for the wsb og economy .
i think it 's important to remember that we 've all been through hell over the last two years and those two really horrible years made all our mental health issues that much worse .
know that it 's okay to rest that this is n't permanent and think about some possible professional help you can look into to get you onto a good track .
i had a csl dd and now i have the podium dd1 ...
the amount of detail you get on the dd1 is much higher then csl dd .
the sweet spot is higher also around 15nm maybe that 's the reason you think the csl dd is smoother ...
if i lower the ffb to around 25 he acting exactly like the csl dd .
i hate this waiting game i want to wake up tomorrow knowing whether or not the front office is chasing soto or pitchers
what 's funny is i have 3 accounts like a true masochist yet only one account has it .
best black and white video i 've seen since the lighthouse ''
the directing style engrosses you to a level where you start appreciating the black and white aspect .
why would you need to access you car if you are out of bluetooth range ?
this is super interesting i 've reread it multiple times .
sounds like it worked out well for you and obviously that makes perfect sense as you had incredible experience and resources to get employment way before most of your peers .
first seen here https redd.it/w7ksa5 on 2022-07-25 92.19 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' w8axy9 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=w8axy9 samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
all posts must include your age in the title before we can post them on r/selfies .
this post we did n't see your age in the title so we removed it .
the bad news on reddit you ca n't edit the title of a post so this post ca n't be saved .
you can however make a new post that includes your age in the title .
if you are over 18 and do n't want to put that exact number do n't worry over 18 '' is just fine but you have to have some age in there before your post will go up on our wall .
now if you think this is a pain and why do you have to do this it 's because you are n't verified here at r/selfie .
when a user verifies with us we set the over or under 18 flair for them and they never have to put their age in a title again .
this could be your life if you 're interested .
just see our wiki on verification and you 'll have spiffy new flair in no time !
thank you for being a part of the r/selfie community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
sweden norway germany then a mix of all the euro stuff .
i 've been on restored prairie that did n't have grazing or fire just active land tending over decades .
i think it 's a lot easier if you have one or both though .
i 'm using sheep to deal with my grass and notice that they love forbs more than grass .
it 's fine for now but will be tricky if i want to restore my pasture to a forb-dominant prairie .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
yes yes yes that 's what i was waiting for ! ! ! !
oh definitely piano keyboard instruments are by far the most versatile and a decent keyboard does n't have to be too expensive .
i have ocd with items too and its unsatisfying ...
i mean it 's possible the guy flying boats in on airplanes is n't the best one to be making financial decisions .
would he like to tell you about special offers for people with diabeetus ?
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
does n't mean squat when most do n't care to bring their stuff back to the green bin .
people have had violent reactions to speeding tickets before .
i literally had to end a friendship because the girl would n't stop calling me gross names for stanning seventeen when they debuted ... .i 'm 10 months older than seungcheol i had friends in high school who were born the same years as the seventeen members but apparently she thought it was wierd for me to ult jihoon ... at 21 ... .when he was 19 ... ..
devonte graham is better point guard than jose alvarado .
she can also solve the way the dog sets off the alarm replace the dog or use a new alarm method/device .
it is not at all use alarm/fines or ignore alarm robbed .
now that jeff has a taste for the thrill of scheming and conning if he does it again and gets caught could n't he still use gene as his bargaining chip to commute a sentence ?
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
im 19 this year an adult without much life experience but already feel the inflation in this virtual world rather than irl
lmao the fact that you 're getting so upset makes me think that you 're one of those fans
you 're still talking out of your ass here .
by the agni kai azula was not significantly better than him in any regard besides raw power .
azula 's mental state is why she lost as quickly as she did but she would n't have been able to beat him at her best and zuko doubting that is a lack of confidence not fact .
also ozai turned his back on zuko because he was weak compassionate and untalented but spending time with iroh dramatically improved his skill and hardship made him stronger .
the fact that he was overlooked and eventually cast out is why he was bitter and jaded and the anger that stemmed from that is why he was impulsive and azula knew that .
even before he was banished azula deliberately undermined his confidence and messed with his head to keep him weak so she could stay ozai 's favorite .
zuko took down zhao infiltrated a prison guarded by the most accurate archers in the world infiltrated the north pole in a fraction of the time it took zhao and his army bested just about every opponent he faced besides aang and azula infiltrated and then escaped the fire nation during the eclipse impressed the last dragons and prior to lok helped apprehend three of the most dangerous benders in existence and a man so tactically brilliant he almost ended the avatar cycle a feat azula barely accomplished with zuko 's help because of one lucky opportunity .
more to the point you can see zuko 's progress over azula throughout the last season with the arguable tipping point being boiling rock .
all he has to do is denounce it call himself russian and that 's gon na do it .
i was thinking about this recently and the only person i see on the media in public places is bill gates .
and he 's always surrounded by a grip bodyguards .
maybe one of them could pop one off if they 're actually at the right time and place and ready .
not sure if he 's as easy to trace as elon 's private jet .
i thought europeans were supposed to be more advanced .
ca n't hare things u do n't believe in ... ..and i refuse to believe in this woman
und was ist mit einfuhr ins land aka nl de ?
freedom of speech does n't make you immune to the consequences of inappropriate behavior .
wait until your 18 and then have your grandma give it to you .
any other way and that money is never yours .
this is momo though not kaido lol even kaido 's boro breath barely did anything
yeah but the finger was n't as big of an issue as the orbital fracture and concussion .
i feel like the concussion was the worst injury of them all because embiid was falling around a lot more than he normally does in the elimination game vs the heat which i ca n't help but feel was due to the concussion
in what way do you mean stopping for your family ?
i 've had trich since i was about 7 now 23 and my mom was the hardest on me about it .
i tried to stop to make her happy but never really could and the most that has happened is i 've gained self esteem and confidence issues from her comments .
i feel like if you are going to try to stop it 's got ta be because you want to .
you 're the one living with it and you 're the one dealing with the consequences .
i may be biased but i do n't see how your trich could impact their life .
i know they were hanging out recently but kyrie and jb never had any chemistry lol
it may be out in in sept or nov .
i 'm just holding out in case they upgrade screen to mini led
my company uses montserrat for body with poppins for titles .
i agree with one of them and i applaud one of them
who would of thought it was against procedures to just run head first into danger without knowing the situation inside .
crazy that police men are n't just disposable human beings in 2022 !
i used to be proud of freaking people out by doing this and now that i know it 's a girl thing i sure wo n't do that anymore t\_t
another article from stuff saying how bad things are in the format on an opinion .
how about they write opinions on how to get out of this mess with clear detail and direction ?
maybe they could even ask the pm why she wo n't do xyz things .
so if i do n't end up with a my23 that 's still a nice enhancement .
the dampers and slightly longer battery life would be great .
just wish i was getting the video rear mirror and the pre heating but there 's still a chance i might get a 23 seeing as it 's not getting made for 7 weeks
gamerax also has a list of top 20 ps4 exclusives https youtu.be/up-osazxrlo they 're just a great youtube gaming channel to check our in general .
i know it 's a joke but please stop perpetuating the lie that mj was a molester .
it 's the name of the protagonist from j.d .
salinger 's catcher in the rye if you 're afraid to look it up .
this is completely broken and has been apparently since android 12 i get the same error everytime saying could n't setup work profile '' tried everything with my companies it company and they believe it 's a oneplus specific issue .
i hope it gets resolved soon or i may switch to another phone next so i can use work profile
pretty soon we are going to hear about wooden pallets again !
i apologize if u do n't get that reference lol
you should have that instead of a buttplug for going out in public hehe how fun would that be ?
so the wording of action surge is something along the lines of grants you an additional action and possible bonus action .
this was unclear as it could mean an additional action on top of the bonus action you normally get or and addiotional action and additional bonus action .
the key here being that depending on your interpretation the adjective additional could apply to either just action or to both action and possible bonus action .
i agree with the ruling that action surge is strong enough just granting an action and it does not need to and should not give another bonus action .
but i do acknowledge that raw excluding the sc is unclear in its wording .
for example i started going to a barbershop run by arab immigrants .
first i could n't tell them apart but after going there for a few months they look nothing alike .
the reason is that different ethnicities have different facial attributes being the main thing that they get regognized by .
so your brain looks for the wrong things in their faces .
do n't get me wrong i am not into manga etc but its a nice collection well managed and properly presented no half naked toy dolls or posters or any cringe stuff .
do n't worry she is out there waiting for you as you are waiting for her .
it moves to attack the most possible targets with the
she replies to comments on tiktok then later deletes her replies .
i try to do it only for work but then after work i do more to celebrate i 'm out of work then next thing you know it 's 2am and ca n't sleep lol
hah ljudi zovu trgovanje dionicama kockanje špekulacije i svašta ... nagađanje a cijela znanost i matematičke analize stoje iza i gledaš aktualni dotok informacija ... ako je to nagađanje onda ovo sa izumrlim jezikom gdje skoro pa ništa nije ostalo je itekako nagađanje
are you legitimately curious or are you stating something you disagree with ?
maybe tell people to buy emperors if it 's that bad for you i 've never had that big of an issue with it .
happens more in joust for me but obviously the bdk is there .
yes you are mommy 's good boy i give you a kiss on the cheek
du kunne jo starte med at tage stilling til mit udsagn dr har en lang historik med partiskhed .
bemærkelsesværdigt er det at blandt de mange dr-ansatte der siden er gået ind i politik så lader det til at de fleste af de nævnte er gået til blå blok .
måske de i virkeligheden har været blå lejesvende hele tiden !
dårlig målestok af åbenlyse årsager selv hvis vi køber præmissen .
det handler om de toneangivende medarbejdere og deres reflektion i sendefladen og det er også det der kritiseres .
hvis du absolut skal måle på den facon så er det mere nærliggende at kigge på de omtrent 80 journalister der stemmer rødt .
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
muistathan asiallisen kielenkäytön ad hominem heti viestin alkuun on varsin heikkoa argumentointia .
asumistuessa on 20 omavastuu eikä sitä tule sekoittaa veroon .
voi todella laskea verokortin vaikka ihan soittamalla verohallinnon verokorttilinjaan .
lopuksi ansiosidonnainen on myös ihan samaa ansio ja etuustuloa kuin kelan tuet eikä missään nimessä palkkaa .
your post has been removed for lacking a social network tag at the beginning of your post title .
we currently allow the following tags corresponding to the following social networks
please resubmit your post with one of the allowed tags at the beginning of your post title .
if you 'd like to submit a post from a social network not on this list please contact the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsocialmediasluts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialmediasluts if you have any questions or concerns .
wait i read a lot about stickers in the door or on the back or whatever .
mine just has a knob that goes from 150-900w .
just one setting or low-medium-high '' tells me nothing without knowing the power of the mw .
the way rota was able to do perfectly meld happiness with melancholy and tragedy into music to echo the progression of the movies is astounding .
it is just so beautiful and authentic to its italian roots
considering that he was supposed to take the darkhold away and it ended up in agatha 's hands it would be easy to have a flashback or storyline in agatha 's spin-off show .
gr is my second favorite marvel character and liked the portrayal of rr .
i would love to have blaze or ketch in the future .
i need a picture every 20 words or i lose focus
i think the squeeze is considered the best by a lot of fans .
class of 8th graders that was known as the shittiest one got a substitute who made them all behave ... by bringing a revolver and placing it on the desk in front of him while they worked
it was n't about the ceremony ... it 's about calling her ‘rough around the edges ' and saying ‘i would n't be here if you were the only bachelorette '
in her latest podcast she says that she shakes with anger when people are rude to service workers .
will gar nicht wissen wie oft ich dieses buch in meiner ma zitiert habe .
you always have options i do n't have a college degree either but i 've done virtual assistance medical billing brand marketing etc .
i 'm leaving this place in 1 month because i landed a job in another field .
but if changing fields is too intimidating to start try even looking at similar roles but in other companies .
under armour has a great customer service role that 's remote .
my brother works for them and he literally gets paid as much as we do to play video games most of his day with his headset on getting like 9 calls a day maximum lol .
he 's doing that next to me right now as i type this lol maybe do a thorough search of some of stitch fix 's competitors and see if they 're hiring .
keep consistently checking on indeed because you never know when a new role that 's similar will be posted .
tailor your resume to the main requirements of that job most places do n't even fact check your resume plus they still have to train you anyway .
as long as it sounds like something you think you can handle and or learn within a few weeks apply !
remember there was a time where you were n't skilled at this job either .
just relax and be personable as possible in interviews and something better will come .
it may not be perfect but it can definitely be better than this place lol .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts .
please read the link on proper way to post .
the currently approved domains are imgur.com gfycat.com .media.tumblr.com images.sex.com img.pornhub.com and i.reddituploads.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bubblebutts if you have any questions or concerns .
my boyfriend i saw you from across the bar we really dig your vibe .
the original photo was pretty dreadful in quality the neural network i ran it through does try to fill in the blanks where it has to to get a decent result so the end result may differentiate somewhat from reality .
a good example here is the pupils if you look closely you 'll notice they have a different size .
how is this sub further left than the actual politics sub ffs 😂
i have mine on my 16 inch and love it !
i want to get a new mount for it but will keep the optic for sure
a little poo ball rollled into her sleep sack .
and felt it on her back when i sat down to finish nursing .
beware of the night poop these things can go badly .
i will say the mix is a bit tough to judge as often the guitars are lost beneath the synths but it does n't sound bad so it 's kind of a matter of taste i suppose .
also this genre is just hard as hell to mix with all the competing elements .
it has beeen removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/themoonatnine/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
pleast note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mademesmile if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chile if you have any questions or concerns .
where did i say that accidents will never happen or that everyone should pay attention to me ?
i said that you would be able to see a motorcycle before merging lanes .
motorcyclists where helmets and thick jackets as their safety .
motorcyclists do maintain a safe mindset but you said it horribly .
i was pointing out that if you hit a motorcycle while merging or when they 're in front of you you ca n't use the claim you did n't see them since the rider is typically standing somewhere around 5 feet 6 inches when stopped and close to that when riding .
just look over and if you see them then do n't merge .
sounds like a weird reason to discriminate against autistic people or convince people their condition is evil .
it 's not that more people are autistic now it 's the same amount except now they 're being recognised and helped .
people did n't believe girls could get autism until only a few decades ago
it 's kind of a beginner amp i have two tho a fender gt and a vox vxt 20 or sth like that
secondly i have done a lot of personal research regarding psilocybin and there seems to be a link between entering a psychedelic state and the supernatural .
is there any guidance for this from a ce5 perspective ?
i think it is written somewhere that you should n't take any kind of mind altering substances when you do this .
the reason being that it will make it harder to legitimize your experience .
how do we know it was n't just a hallucination ?
however if it is for your own personal benefit i do n't see the harm in it .
like i said i 'm new to this whole community .
everyone knows the risk of a 1 chance of pregnancy and that birth control is not 100 effective .
you can also take multiple forms of contraception to lessen that risk .
op title stating that pregnancy is forced outside of rape given all of this is laughable .
people/groups like that is why i stopped playing versus .
i used to have a constant group to play with but life happened .
feels pretty good to not be called racial slurs while trying to play versus anymore too .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't want to believe he did it .
my ask was for op to expand on that .
how questions can be worded to not come off as im assuming the worst ?
no they offered to happily hand it over with a warrant .
they refused to help the fbi bypass the physical security chip on the phone itself .
if you store information in the cloud and the cloud provider can reset your access then they have the key .
i 'm constantly unsure whether to believe the content of these posts though .
mods should make it a rule that all op need to provide at least one reference .
looking so good in red ... . have you seen my profile ?
the skinniest legend to ever grace twitter it 's even more heartbreaking that he 's never gotten justice
i mean briefly you can see the pupper keeping his/her head above water .
this is only an issue because the left has normalized calling everything that they disagree with racist .
if you oppose this you 're immediately labeled a racist .
if you try to have intelligent conversation or debate about this they literally have no counter argument other than to say that it 's racist against specific groups of illegal aliens or racist against minorities in the us who apparently are all too poor to afford a government id .
never mind the fact that there are plenty of agencies and programs out there that can assist individuals with getting a government id at little to no cost ...
the clippers could win the championship and the majority of the coverage all summer would be the lakers off season moves .
reads url man dies after pet snake shot off his neck‽ that snake is n't messing around !
the actual article title is pennsylvania man dies after he was strangled by pet snake that was later shot by police '' .
as long as you do n't have children that depend on you i say fine .
so they are obligated to stay alive so your feelings wo n't get hurt you selfish dick ?
let people do as they please but offer support as an option to those contemplating suicide .
sorry bednar have to drop you to activate heaney .
nsvh league though ... so does it really matter .
r/onlyfansjustright is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansjustright if you have any questions or concerns .
oh no its definitely not gon na be slammed .
i 'm just lowering the front a bit to match the rear fitment plus i 'm getting a daily shortly and this car will only be seeing the track
why does n't it give you pause to think about why there are so many references in just these few papers ?
these are pretty standard papers written by people working in the field yet you find them too exhausting to even start to read .
it 's what the nice young men in the strange hats told us to do .
so you 're saying if all information was freely available there would be no reason for a library to exist ?
nta you offered 2k tell everyone messaging you with a you shoukd help '' message you are only need 6 or 7 more of you to do the same and dylan is set
i have a tall bookcase filled with yarn and i keep buying yarn .
i have n't completed a crochet project in years .
not sure how i feel now that i 'm moving to spain in 7 days lol
they said no we 're working on our own engines '' .
i hated this bottle and sold it to a friend that loved it .
it was best described as cherry coke without carbonation .
way too much syrupy virtually no evidence of the laphroaig spirit i understand why they released the warehouse 1cairdeas to apologize for the px ... . imho .
haha i was kinda thinking the same thing but was worried about having the pitchforks pulled on me .
1 hour is pretty low commitment and the roi is solid esp if you have a steady source of income already .
that being said i do find cfa to be an icky company so generally avoid giving them my business .
and yeah all bets are off if those vouchers have some sort of conditions attached to them that require you spend money .
this is just like the adoption process for a uap this is for the provisioning process only .
it does n't say anything about actual use for calls on wifi .
i know ubiquiti make some bonehead decisions at times but adding a wifi module to a device just for provisioning when it 's required to be wired for use is even beyond their scale .
this is how basic of a tierlist can be .
the only one that really is debatable is orochi and even shamman but other than that all other characters fits in
we are working to get our submitters verified and we have determined
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
for other great subs check out the asian network !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotasianmilfs if you have any questions or concerns .
not only just the actual skills of screening and passing but running the offense and directing guys .
draymond is a lot more vocal than steph and klay when it comes to telling guys where to be and when and that 's huge in making sure the offense flows .
pur husky does n't do this but our mixed dog does.. she 's very aggressive when it comes to eating food ... unfortunately it 's to late to correct her we rescued her when she was about 4 and we have had her for 3 years now .
all the filipinos that ran him out of the country ... fled to other countries after ousting him
i 've been using public transit much of my life and i 've never heard anyone complaining about manspreading .
the only time i hear this is from anti-feminists finding something to complain about .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=goodhandle99 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
make sure the insta 360 app has full access to your foto library i had the same problem and that solved it for me
can you please add a 0 to my bank account balance ?
was biking and turned my head back to look at my friend that was behind me slammed right into a bus stop pole .
i did n't even realize it was broken until we got to my other friend 's house and his mom who was a nurse at the time told me i should go to the hospital
when saying agnostic being lumped with atheists you ase the approach of people either being theists agnostics or atheists we have agreed that you did this in the interest of simplicity .
cows are often eaten by humans '' does not equate that cows can either be not eaten by humans nor eaten by something else .
agnosticism is about knowledge and theism is about belief .
my statement is saying that i often see agnostics being lumped together with one side of the belief spectrum in spite of there being other possible configurations which is who i 'm interesting in hearing from .
given i was just pointing out the other week on here that belief itself is not a binary construct but a continuous range i 'm hardly grouping into a tertiary measure .
well if agnosticism has to do with what they know would n't it be better to ask what my fellow theists believe ?
agnostic theists represent a very nuanced perspective that 's worth separating out and away from gnostic theists particularly the ones that think their faith equates to knowledge .
also the reason why i pointed out the distinction between agnostic atheist and all that it 's because it eliminates issues just like this one .
i agree but i 've found many in this sub understand those distinctions even less than they seem to understand the term 'agnostic ' and its history alone .
i never knew how much we needed more videos on this sub .
if you can get it totaled that 's the way to go .
a repaired car is never 100 unless you pay way too much for the repair and the insurance wo n't cover that .
plus the accident on the record will hurt your resale value .
i remember my family got some ikea furniture in the mid-late '90 's .
i always felt this furniture was ugly flimsy and cheap-looking .
i had fun drawing it and love that other fans enjoyed it lol
if you 're serious about losing weight a coach will help you a lot .
a simple couple of words could 've solved this entire thing .
either of you asking do you want this ? ''
if you ask during the act then this happens everybody gets trapped to confusion and neither is being honest about their feelings .
you should talk to your partner face to face and bring about the issue .
say that things ca n't go on like this .
neither of you commited a crime i do n't think but having sex based on pure assumptions is a little naïve .
i had this same issue a few years back but then i realized the importance of your mouth in having sex take that as you will .
edit i do not mean that if your desires change during the act you should stay quiet about it .
like if you do n't feel like having sex anymore during the act itself it 's okay and it should be expressed .
but questions like do you want to stop ? ''
should never rise because then your reluctance has become way too apparent and you get pretty much busted of having sex when you do n't want to .
this then leads to a discussion about honesty etc .
keep it up bro only compare yourself to yourself in the past
they did address the bloodwebs in their july 's developer update https forum.deadbydaylight.com/en/kb/articles/341 .
second in a future update we will revisit the rarity of bloodweb nodes after prestiging .
currently resetting to level 1 also makes common quality nodes far more well common .
if your favourite add-ons happen to be rare or very rare prestiging may have made collecting them difficult .
this change will make it easier to find a wider variety of add-ons of both lower and higher rarities .
and while that does n't mention reducing their costs nor increasing sizes they are aware .
if someone is messaging you then obviously you 're going to respond .
but if all they 're doing is putting in the bare minimum to keep the conversation going and actually are n't interested at all then yeah that 's pretty shitty .
even in pro golf there are those who tend to be more consistent and those who have weeks/rounds of brilliance followed by blow ups .
takovej dost zajímavej asi bych to nazvala selektivní arachnofobií .
maličkej pavouček mi nevadí zabíjím nebo vyhazuju ho jenom v kuchyni a v pokojích jinak jsou mi putna .
když je to trošku větší nebo ten nohatej bez ohledu na velikost tak doma šílim zabíjim a zcela nedobrovolně a nekontrolovatelně se u toho klepu jinde třeba v kanclu nebo v garáži to ale dokážu ignorovat .
ale takovej ten hnusnej větší až velkej pavouk s velkým chlupatým tělem to přijde regulérní fobickej záchvat ve kterým jsem schopná ho zabít protože musim jinak bych se do tý místnosti neodkázala vrátit ale dávám se dohromady nějakou pořádnou chvíli ruce nedokážu odtáhnout od těla je mi až blbě ... a nesmim ho ani likvidovat vysavačem protože bych vysavač mohla vyhodit nebyla bych schopná to překonat a vyčistit ho s vědomím že je tam ta pavoučí mrtvola .
ya in class one day and this german sheppard comes in the the lecture hall and sits beside me and im like um cool but whos dog is this ?
then the police officer started talking and did his intro to do n't do drugs on campus '' oh you found a frend maverick '' .
gets me to stand up and taped to the bottom of the of the seat was a dog toy and a zip lock bag..
counting the faces of visibly nervous people there were a lot who smoked up that morning before taking a law class xd
i do n't think the deck includes a tow hitch stock
all that shit tastes like trash compared to what you remember the real things tasting like .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
but whitout them you dont get the coconut abilety on the gummy boots .
and you need that if you want the gummy boots .
thank you so much for sharing this is beautiful .
it had me in tears by line 5 and full blown crying by the end imagining it was my partner 's words .
i find its the most hilarious when i spam ping jungler because i got ganked ... and the reason i got ganked was because he got into a dumb fight with enemy jungler and their laner and guided the whole crew to me farming gold to carry game .
the cheaters who do obvious shit like aimbot or flying are a tiny minority .
ha ha i do n't expect there will be any destruction .
its all about meeting their biological needs mental and physical exercise teaching an off switch '' and yep as you say firm boundaries .
i been able to leave my mal at home for hours this happens rarely as work from home with chew toy since he was a year old and he just snoozes cos all his needs are meet .
his new sister will go in a crate while away for safety til she settles in but i do n't expect that will last more than a few weeks .
i 'd rather die from the cold than die from the heat .
the reason why the ead being removed is because it may be a violation of the ina law to give eads unlimited renewal without congress approval
do not incite or glorify violence/suffering or harassment even as a joke .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/noahgettheboat if you have any questions or concerns .
your post was removed due to rule 2 no low-effort or off-topic posts .
however we are looking forward to pictures and additional info of your finished build !
he 's the spokesman for some bizarre 450 shitty flip flop grift company so he 's trying to put them front and center which is so damn nasty
i thought it was pro-nounce-iation '' when it is in fact pro-nunce-iation ''
could be kaveh if he 's a kevin-expy surely better than him being geo
so basically they 're still deciding if they want her to be pyro xingqiu or 5-star xiangling ?
you definitely do n't see the make players doing that .
i 'd maybe watch women 's football if after the first half we got to see them doing some minge diving
but there is only a whole-city lockdown when they faces danger of outbreak going out of control .
it is not that every city are locked down every day right ?
when there is no whole-city lockdown according to you there is already a better system that kept the city working .
most of china 's city is not experiencing whole-city lockdown at this moment
have been wanting to replay tony hawk 1+2 after getting the platinum in the ps4 version .
i wanted to see what visual improvements are in the next-gen version plus the trophies should auto-pop .
yeh absolutely unfortunately a lot of people do n't see it like that though .
a lot of these people seem to have a mentality of that person has £10 more than me therefore they are well off and that 's a good reason to hate on them ''
i had just watched it too such a great episode !
i thought kerry washington killed it in every sketch and nasim is one of my favorite cast members so i 've been watching all the episodes in her much too short 5 year stint .
must be just where you live and who is paying for the ads in your area .
your acting like it 's one sided.. when it is n't .
and numerous others have told you it is n't .
filipino voters out of a pool of 110 million people decided that their best choice for leader was the son of a mass murderer who raped and pillaged the country dry and not all that long ago .
that was the kind of thing that made me conclude that humanity deserves to go extinct .
a jar of tartar sauce peering at you menacingly from around a corner
i think the souls mechanic will be available in ie too to upgrade your lords into daemon princes .
but that mechanic comes with the woc rework which is tied to the woc dlc and not the upcoming champions dlc .
when considering the massive amount of expensive content you have access to ?
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
and his final smash is a spoiler for earthbound is n't it ?
i rarely advocate for street justice but when someone gets slapped on the wrist for something as serious as this ... .
my overall goal is to just get keep climbing up in the company .
i have already set records for revenue recovered in my first year averaged 800k recovered revenue in reclassifications per month doing this job .
i started at 18 on the dock driving forklift and have slowly been working my way up .
the finance side of the company seems great so far however i feel they are very gate keepy type and think down upon us without a college degree .
i did 2 years while working but it was too much and i did n't enjoy it .
does n't tickle my brain enough if that makes sense lol .
so whether it 's operations logistics finance does n't matter to me .
i just want more responsibilities and more higher level thinking .
i have tried to explain to some people before but they seem to think i 'm talking down on them when i 'm not .
but basically i want a job that tests me and gives me new problems to solve .
driving a forklift was cool for 6 months until i got the basics and it was pick things up drive here put them down and now this job i loved for a year or so learning all the rules tariffs different classifications etc but this is getting old and repetitive too .
once you learn the basics is very mind numbing to me .
i have put in for a few promotions in the finance branch as many of the managers are impressed with the numbers i put up doing this but when they find out i do n't have a degree they usually a stop there .
it 's usually need a degree or 5 years of work experience .
so i 'll just keep applying for promotions until i ca n't go any further .
the imperium of man is the last stronghold of humanity and the emperor shall protect us from the heretics and the xenos .
ukrainians cadians are standing strong to protect our values against dark forces of evil and their sacrifice will be written in golden letters in the history of mankind and soaked in holy waters .
those brothers and sisters shall know no fear as for the right they are fighting for and cadia shall stand .
you are at a low are you gon na get lower or fix things up ?
there is room to get lower btw you just have to focus and choose the right things !
you ca n't control enhance or change the past.. you can just forget about it and work with the hand you 're given .
i hope they can compensate you somehow with flight credits or something .
op weapons1233 please check for sauce in the following reposts found in the other subreddits .
https redd.it/vqmftc 100 july 03 2022 22:51:08 3 3 palpitationodd1737
pornid a little help from the pros ple https redd.it/vr6q2f 100 july 04 2022 18:20:57 0 2 daclowner
https redd.it/vt4wwg 100 july 07 2022 05:49:39 7 197 icyylife
https redd.it/vt6e7r 100 july 07 2022 07:01:22 1 28 daellot
pornid help out a fellow soldier.. https redd.it/vuhfaz 100 july 09 2022 00:00:13 1 5 whiplash_69
pornid please can you find me help this https redd.it/vuk3li 100 july 09 2022 02:01:46 1 1 bhaireee
or link to https redd.it/vxvzmx 100 july 13 2022 11:32:07 6 10 soggy_ad792
https redd.it/vz60dq 100 july 15 2022 02:19:23 5 4 1uwu8
https redd.it/w097ls 100 july 16 2022 11:08:09 6 30 chichaxnanno
https redd.it/w0d3ns 100 july 16 2022 15:27:38 5 2 shinukazekujo
https redd.it/w0d418 100 july 16 2022 15:28:22 6 1 shinukazekujo
https redd.it/w212r0 100 july 18 2022 20:13:19 0 1 nuwan_chathuranga
https redd.it/w3vzwe 100 july 21 2022 01:33:11 0 1 frankstatham69
pleas https redd.it/w44smp 100 july 21 2022 07:57:11 0 1 frankstatham69
https redd.it/w44vri 100 july 21 2022 08:01:05 0 1 frankstatham69
https redd.it/w44xyh 100 july 21 2022 08:04:02 0 1 frankstatham69
https redd.it/w45kg1 100 july 21 2022 08:33:40 0 1 frankstatham69
https redd.it/w4yn3e 100 july 22 2022 07:43:48 1 12 muted-republic6570
pic was https redd.it/w5mkg1 100 july 23 2022 03:25:17 0 2 uber_destructo
and w https redd.it/w64few 100 july 23 2022 19:17:02 1 5 linkdud
https redd.it/w957eb 100 july 27 2022 10:08:01 5 1 weapons1233
pornid can any1 tell me who this is ... i https redd.it/vv4uji 98 july 09 2022 21:32:41 0 2 mac_mil
https redd.it/w0w12q 93 july 17 2022 07:17:29 6 1 azraelopx
pornid who is this https redd.it/vlg94y 89 june 27 2022 04:02:49 0 11 temporary-pass-9690
older women believe in a higher age of consent not because we 're jealous but because we 've been taken advantage of and do n't want it to happen to another generation .
we have the ability to look back and see that 30 year olds who date 15 year olds are creeps groomers and abusive .
it 's not on the 15 year old to understand that the rest of us have to help teach them and keep the creepsters away .
oh shoot lol i thought you were saying harden .
things change shape slightly as they get hot or cold .
but sometimes things get so hot they permanently change shape and will never taste cold the same way again like cooling cooked food will not turn it back to raw food
i do n't see people saying ltc is shit in this sub ?
ever been tag teamed and had 2 loads of cum in you ?
based on this incident alone i do n't find it surprising that she 's divorced ...
so you 're just going to leave blatantly wrong calculations up with no explanation ?
sorry u/miamiblue13 – your comment has been automatically removed as a clear violation of rule 5
comments that are only jokes or written upvotes '' will be removed .
humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments .
see the wiki page for more information http www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules wiki_rule_5 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/changemyview if you have any questions or concerns .
when i hear oriental i feel like i 'm about to be hate crimes fr
gon na be a while until someone seriously bad fills that void .
gus fring is gone the other meth guys are gone the nazis are gone the guys who fucked with jesse are gone heisenberg is gone jesse is gone .
obviously someone will fill the crime void but i think it 's going to be a while until someone become a serious player .
the only black princess is on the letter n it 's an n word joke .
i 've never understood why people ca n't figure this one out .
legalize sex work and allow for a business license for a sex work company .
this kind of solves both of two biggest issues with sex work pimps and disease .
sex workers typically seek out a pimp or group for protection .
they make sure the worker is paid and they are n't hurt .
by having a business license you can now legally hire/partner that sex work company with a registered security company .
by being a registered business you can also have e-payments received before the work is done .
so the security is only there for the safety .
by having a business license a company can now have health benefits and safety programs that are regulated by a governing authority .
the health and safety program of any company is a condition of employment and in a lot of cases clientele .
the employees as per the health and safety regulations are to receive monthly testing at a trusted facility .
clientele must also sign up to use the services .
using a government issued id a clean bill of health dating no more than 6 months and they must sign an agreement to use the services in good conscience or there will be legal monetary ramifications .
bam done pay to fuck fuck safely do n't fuck anyone over .
his tone/rhythm sorta reminds me of good girls go bad by cobra starship .
i know your type '' is the line i 'm reminded of .
yeah the elevated offer has been out for quite a while now ... no clue how it 's not fixed yet .
if more people would try to help each we might not be in such a mess .
everyone rips on hardy for domestic violence but worship mike tyson the convicted rapist and registered sex offender
she got me when she raises her hand to the sky at the end i was done .
we would probably stylize it more like thom brédit '' here in montréal .
i posit nato would join ukraine invading russia and go for regime change .
if it was n't bribery maybe it was the double cross leader ability ?
then opponent could have played it with the leader ability ... .
crazy prediction that i in no way think will come true here hendricks helps jrm get a charter they ship off bowman like they did to kasey kahne larson to the 48 busch back to the 5
my boss gave me a handjob the other day then fell asleep in my bed .
the practice of even giving a child to a temple needs to die out .
why did n't he just invite you to the game too ?
what a douche trust me bro you do n't need friends like this .
better off without people like this in your life .
i will give you the advice i followed source money guy .
they advice not to let your monthly mortgage including taxes and utilities to exceed 25 gross income .
so the max you should spend is 4x your annual income .
this is to keep you from going house poor and also have enough left over to contribute at least 20 to 25 of your gross income to retirement .
if you are around 40yo ideally you should have 3x your gross income invested .
if you ca n't stick to these guidelines i would argue that you might be buying too much house .
assuming all these are ideal and you are comfortable buying i still think it is still a good time to buy .
you can always refinance to a lower interest down the road .
do n't worry it 's not going to be a problem for you
mention religion one more time and your tip goes to the church of satan instead . ''
omg he smoked hash with me when i was a 15 years old girl at the million marijuana march '' a long time ago .
chinese va for paimon is gigachad literally zero levels of annoyance .
it 's gone very well even considering the inevitable cultural differences '' teni says with a smile and raxus ducks his head in embarrassment .
oh it 's not your fault that it went right over your head yesterday raxus . ''
i did my social transition over a year ago and have n't had the courage to voice train before trach but you are inspiring ❤️ thank you so much for sharing !
the token 's elevation changes to match the level it 's on ?
i assume so because it 's colliding with walls on that level .
it must be the tile for that level that is n't set up correctly
time to wait for the whale theorycrafters to tell me what teams are good lol .
kaskel makes stuff for npcs none of his things work on the player
edit also with mods '' implies that it 's truly custom content as opposed to content in the game recontextualized
as i 've stated my gf makes 40-50 an hour .
no restaurant owner can replace this with a salary .
if anything it makes me more hornier cause i know i can last longer
i do have to say it looks a lot like the iss .
i have an almost identical video i recorded on my phone from two nights ago of a really good iss pass .
i am not saying this to try and tell you that you are wrong or crazy .
if that is not what you got here then my apologies .
on attack bomber 4 pips 2 fighters 3 pips 10 total pips expected rolling each six pips is an expected hit take away 6/6 leaves a remaining roll at least at 4/6 so maybe 2 hits .
your turn would have 7 pips expected rolling every 6 is an expected hit 6/6 taken away but this time you have a 1/6 chance remaining at the 2nd hit .
infantry attack at 1 pip artillery 2 pips combined 4 pips and so on for each unit involved in the attack .
i had 20 units with usa 5 subs 6 destroyers crusier battleship 2 carriers 4 fighters and a bomber .
vs. 4 subs carrier destroyer 2 battleships and 2 fighters .
he split his navy with his transports near mainland and me in the philippines .
i hit 4 he defended everything on the first rolll .
i had the uk to 1/2 punch but it was very much like wtf just happened to the usa navy .
i had to retreat the navy back in the philippines to keep the territory protected to place an usa complex .
i do n't know if the uk will be able to counter though but i am still in control .
the attack in question at first was 2 bb destroyer carrier and 2 fighters 2 bombers transport loaded with infantry and a tank vs. sub 2 cruisers 2 carriers 4 fighters destroyer and a battleship .
i recommend that you sherkhanmd use its it's a 7 instead .
‘its ' is possessive ‘it 's ' means ‘it is ' or ‘it has ' .
if you think the errors which i found are incorrect please contact me through dms !
cummins and co didnt let that happen weeks ago lol
cal 's pushing off when the ball is caught but his foot is still in contact with the base .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpromoteonlyfans message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fpromoteonlyfans 2fcomments 2fw95k2m 2fmy_little_b_cups 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
we recently went to poppy seed near anaheim packing district .
there 's walkability around and some lawn games as well .
if you can kite em ' yes it is an good thing if not ... . its sn bad thing
vote spam click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_spam message=w95uh3 vote approve click to vote https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=visualmod subject=vote_approve message=w95uh3
you can find charts online that show the strength of various steroids .
hydrocortisone acetate is one of the lowest strength steroids class 7 with 7 being the lowest and 1 being the highest i used to use it when i was a small child .
i 've used steroids from class 7 all the way to class 2 .
if you want to taper off because it will make you feel better if you do then definitely go for it .
i 'm not saying this to try to convince you to not take any precautions i just want to put your mind at ease .
you 've probably seen a lot of videos on youtube or tiktok or whatever with people going through tsw but those people have been using hydrocortisone for literal years of their lives with no breaks or have been using high strength steroids usually reserved for cancer patients prescribed by irresponsible dermatologists for months on end .
i just want to stress the fact that going through tsw from using otc hydrocortisone on a single spot for a week is insanely unlikely .
i 'd even go as far as to say it is impossible .
i just wish i had peter cullen 's voice then i could talk like optimus prime all the time .
on one hand you 're not putting the player in a position to succeed but on the other hand there is no position where gallo can succeed .
you put him in there for the what if ? factor and hope for the best knowing diaz is gon na come in and do diaz things eventually .
gallo ai n't gon na be on the team much longer anyway and july games do n't matter to this team .
hold door open '' means that colonists wo n't close it when they pass through .
you need to claim it to go through or kick it out by drafting a dude then hitting the door with his weapon .
toyota crown estate such a sick wagon 1jz luxury land yacht
when i was really young i had really nice ringlets but years of brushing it out have made this mess .
i do n't use heat on my hair and have n't for over a year .
i 've watched so many videos and have tried a bunch of things .
i style with a denman brush and air dry after scrunching with a cotton shirt .
i 'm in the same boat so i understand how touchy it is when people talk about things regarding family when they know you do n't have any .
everything he did to you today was super fucked up but this just seems extra cold and evil to say .
here 's 3 new gay kids 1 gives into typical gay hook-up culture and hooks up with victor falling for each other rahim 2 the smart kid who victor wanted to mentor and a love interest for rahim .
what iffs me the most is that victor 's speech about bravery can be taken in a lot of ways but they used it to bring back venji .
there was so much potential left to discover stories lake x lucy felt so rushed as well another season or even 2 or 3 episodes really could 've put things into perspective
you never hear someone say a person inflicted with diabetes '' they are diabetic .
it 's not a person who has suffered from an amputation '' they are an amputee .
i 'm a schizophrenic does n't bother me at all .
so you wanted a therapist to try and help you gaslight your gf into believing she had to hand over her inheritance to you .
now you 're upset because it 's not going your way ?
no its not big throws give you more points in greco .
its different ruleset than folkstyle wrestling where you have slams and big throws are illegal .
i never said it wasnt happening on reddit just that twitter is full of this stuff
hien is pretty good i like the speed to control ratio but i hate how often i have to clean it the rough surface accumulates dust real fast .
idk i kept refreshing and all of a sudden the this show is sold out ! ''
the last post fight animation was back in season 6 .
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe i have the airport extreme set up wrong .
it 's a 4th gen so it does n't have wi-fi ac compatibility .
buying a home is key to fi in my opinion .
getting a mortgage essentially protects you from inflationary increases to housing costs which over a 25/30 year mortgage term are n't a joke .
i think you 're unlikely to want to save enough extra to rent throughout your retirement !
working life all depends on your employer and their policies .
some companies are pretty strict and have a toxic work ethic while others are friendly and positive .
everyday life can be fun if you have the right type of friends .
there is lots to do but after some years it can get boring and repetitive .
you can walk around town at night without a care in the world and nothing would happen to you
there goes the opportunity for my i tried house sitting once but i just slid off the roof and hurt my back '' joke .
the second one actually means they have a quest available to turn in .
hey bro my girl is looking for someone to join but only if we mess around first .
i 'm really picky about who gets to be with my girl
so i 'm going to try to answer some of the questions i have seen
i worked full time during this process pretty stressful job standing for between 7-8 hours 40-50 hours a week .
i also walked there and and back around 50 minutes each way .
other than that i did n't do much exercise maybe some weights to reduce possibility of muscle loss .
made myself usually having 2-3 litres of the snake juice each day .
also had other drinks only unsweetened black tea/coffee/filtered water .
the main craving was due to such a terrible taste in my mouth towards the last week and genuinely just missing the fun a experimenting with food and eating with friends/family .
i kept cravings away through watching a ton of food content on youtube mikey chen about to eat etc .
for some reason watching others eat helped me vicariously .
the 4-6 day was the most challenging for both cravings and lethargy think this was due to something known as the keto flu as your body switches to using ketones instead of carbs .
it 's a running joke to never trust a fart during an extended fast .
however this was pretty much cleared up by week 2 i have yet to see a change in bowel movements so far .
i broke the fast with a cup of bone broth and a handful of fruits .
then i had a cucumber salad with tuna and kimchi later .
going to stay away from carbs for a while and try to stay in ketosis as long as possible slowly building calories up and going into omad again .
if anyone 's interested in extended fast go see r/waterfasting i definitely do not claim to be an expert .
those saying it 's unhealthy or it relates to anorexia please do your research and be careful about how these comments can come across .
obviously please do not think you can just waltz into a 30 day fast either like anything start slow and build your way up !
while of course going 30 days is incredibly extreme i was always listening to my body and careful in the decision .
autophagy can be an amazing reset for your body and the mental power it takes knowing what your body can accomplish can definitely be euphoric .
i did this for many reasons and am pretty fucking proud tbh .
are robots gon na take over this 100 human sub ?
it 's an airsoft gun but those bb 's can penetrate skin if shot from too close .
and if that doesnt happen it 'll still hurt like a bitch .
i need tammy so bad please let him be an sbc
absolutely spot on to how ive felt for the past 3 years lol
he 's been calling an economic collapse for over a decade just like any economist with a brain .
not much of a told you so with that kind of timeframe .
the market wo n't collapse untill all the big boys are out or have established a net short position .
i bet they will drag it out for as long as possible and then have some meaningless catalyst as an excuse for a major selloff .
... what about a 4 pack of redbull cans ?
im just solo queue all the time atm and pinhead hurts solo queue so bad
the ac would trip the breakers in the summer time so we 'd have to cook with headlamps on ... of course that meant the hoods were n't working either so it was smoky as fuck in there too .
the dining room was full of windows so the guests never knew the power was out until the room also filled up with smoke but we usually got it back up before that happened .
so i 've been wondering this since last season with shikimori .
why are present-things like covid in the office hampering release schedules of anime ?
i mean is n't it usually that production takes time before the release and before it starts airing its already all done ?
atleast that 's how western shows work how/why is anime different ?
i come here just to see that i 'm not alone ... that cheers me up a little 😓
both are wonderful but good time is in a league all its own and pattinson blows it out of the water with a career changing performance that showed him in fresh light .
i can not wait to see the bros next project !
posts that do not meet this subreddit 's quality standards will be removed
technically there 's always benefits if your breastfeeding not pumping and bottle feeding although still a solid alternative due to white blood cells because your body analyzes the baby 's saliva and adapts to what info it gets from it .
that 's why your breastfeeding cravings might change from day to day .
check out zev in west virginia they were one of the first companies to get into electric scooters motorcycles and they do a decent range https scooter.uk.com/zev-lrc-x-maxi text=the 20scooter 20has 20a 2012.9 fast 20charger 20is 203.5 20hours .
your race is in an hour and you know you 've fucked up
i 've tried to make a budget '' reef tank .
as someone previously mentioned a salt water tank is different to a reef tank .
but if you 're comparing to a planted tank i think you 'd want to compare it to a reef tank .
i made this video to outline all the gear i bought to set up a successful reef tank and be as budget friendly as possible .
hopefully it gives you an idea of what you might be in for !
so you are denying that the gop is mocking efforts to be inclusive ?
i had to turn this off because it was so cringeworthy .
after that save up to get a bugout with upgraded blade steel and customize it with new scales and hardware .
i 'm in the same boat i reserved a pro rwd on 3/5 and still have n't locked .
i 'm now thinking about getting the awd but do n't want to delay the car anymore .
ab zur ihk aber darf ich fragen für welches unternehmen du arbeitest ?
das hört sich nämlich nach einem größeren unternehmen an und spätestens bei der bezirksleitung kommt sowas gar nicht gut !
eventuell kannst du die filiale wechseln ansonsten wechsel den betrieb .
sobald du das in trockenen tüchern hast lass dich am selben tag krankschreiben an dem dein chef dich mal wieder knechten wollte .
girly enough to be sexy rough enough to be exciting
the chaperone only has to be 21 and they can only be responsible for 3 children 17 and under .
people are going to die from the cut offs .
how do i word this without it the feds coming to my house ... hmmm
government officials should be starving first before their people .
it 's lovely to see a breeding pair in the wild 😍
i still personally think that far-from-the-bookamir is the worst part of all three movies and i also hate that the ents are completely oblivious to what 's going on in fangorn despite being the shepherds of the forest and that pippin somehow knows exactly where the forest is being burned in order to trick treebeard into fighting .
i do agree that rotk has some very annoying moments though .
only few times i 've seen a game break .
the most recent game i 've seen break was with a small console containing 620 games from nes .
the most memorable game breaking for me is when having over 2.2b on gta v
bracey had to turn around to grab the stick .
this team does n't need as much as the yankees .
martinez and a solid reliever with good splits against lefties is all we need .
contreras if the cost is not too high would be a nice addition .
and this is why i sell options never buy them .
as with most other things nik said it somewhere on some stream .
arenas will have a killcam or replay or some other thing if that goes well they 'll try and put it into the main game .
i feel like i 've never heard of something this ridiculous happening before .
sell awwwwllll of em they 're bums get em outta heahhhhhh
the thing that got me is in the older version of terraria i actually got like 6 of the slime staff it was kinda useless to me because i hat a hornet staff wich was ranged so i kept grinding for the slime staff and then got 10 sold them i got at least got 30 gold from it and i 'm trying my best not to be rude here .
i hope you do not teach children to use your it 's common sense justification for anything .
if it is not obvious from this thread that many other educators well versed on the topic through research and experience such as myself disagree with you then you are being intentionally obtuse .
teachers that know sbg as well as you disagree with you .
therefore yes you do need actual scientific methods to find the truth .
no you would n't need 10 million schools but that was just you doing an ad hominem attack in lieu of using actual intelligence .
i would argue that the ocg prints are much easier to get than the tcg prints of ash .
ash got both a secret rare and a super rare in the ocg version of maximum crisis .
they literally printed two versions of ash in the same set .
meanwhile we have konami usa handing them out like rations only giving a few here or there so it 's much more difficult to acquire .
they need to hand it out like candy instead of rationing it off especially because it 's such a meta staple .
darn that 's bad but i believe in that bot it 's an apocalyptic level strong bot
i visited san francisco almost a decade ago it was a great place .
hearing all the bad things i see on the news makes me not want to visit anytime soon .
honestly i just see sf as representative of the entire state overly taxed overly regulated and with politicians that put their head in the sand about the problems that is happening around them .
if sf can turn around then i have hope for california .
i feel like this would be more so geared for people that already have locate equipment and can demonstrate some sort of experience or certification '' .
my main worry is that it would provide barrier to entry if big companies got into this and figure out a way to shut out the little guy .
a picture of an ant let me know if your successful
olá bem vindo a à casa dos brasileiros no reddit .
para postar no r/brasil é necessário que sua conta possua 5 dias de existência 15 de karma .
para conseguir karma basta ir postando em outras comunidades .
isto é um pouco inconveniente mas nos ajuda bastante no combate contra trolls spammers e evasões de banimento .
aproveite esse tempo para ler a barra lateral que aparece na direita do r/brasil e ler as dicas para usuários novos se familiarizar com as regras do reddit https www.reddit.com/rules e da nossa comunidade especialmente a política de auto-promoção https www.reddit.com/wiki/pt-br/selfpromotion caso esteja divulgando seu proprio site/canal .
conheça também outras comunidades brasileiras em nossa sidebar e no multi-reddit-br https www.reddit.com/user/donnutz/m/multi_br/new .
em caso de dúvida ou urgência contate a moderação https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/brasil .
obrigado pela compreensão e seja bem-vindo a nossa comunidade !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brasil if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like a 30 year old tv salesman from 40 year old virgin
is there a way to find this song on the internet at all ?
i searched up the lyrics and ca n't find anything .
my section has chanted sweat you suck all game .
to mívá hlavně 2 důvody jednak by jsi mohl paní vedoucí ohrozit a přerůst ji a dále by sis mohl najít něco lepšího časem a po zaškolení utéct .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not indicate a spoiler tag in the post title .
if your post contains no spoilers include the ns tag no spoilers .
if your post contains spoilers include the spoiler ... tag for regular episodes and the ' spoiler tv ... tag for trinyvale bonus campaign episodes .
replace the ... with the episode or arc being spoiled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/notanotherdndpodcast if you have any questions or concerns .
she was also going to be less reactive to all the trolls and the hate accounts and yet ... reactivity city emily gellis is mayor .
i totally respect what you 're saying and i think we all have specific parts that we hope remain perfect but i think it 's best to prepare ourselves for the very real chance that it 's going to have some major deviations .
they probably wo n't even be bad ones but they 'll feel jarring to those of us who 've read the books so many times .
i remember hearing a director or possibly a script writer i do n't remember explained that they 'd all go insane of boredom if they had to follow adaptions 1:1 to the source material .
that a huge part of the enjoyment is telling a new story .
there are also parts that you specifically mentioned that sound awesome via text but may look over the top or just straight up silly in live action .
disney is n't going to show 200 deaths in a row and to have him suddenly standing on a mountain of bodies would just look exaggerated .
again i do n't say any of this to disregard your hopes .
i just want to say that i think it 's best if go in wanting to like it but expecting some disappointments .
but i 'm not into guys. with a smile on your face .
it 's flattering when people hit on you whether you 're attracted to them or not .
on the list of things to actually be upset over this is on one of those post it note tab size papers on the back of the list under a real post it .
i can not believe that she is real until i see her .
wait ... have i had a reddit conversation with iman vellani ?
sadly hindi available mga resident evil outlast 2 for mac 😫
if pak make it to the wtc final there 's a possibility they may have to bazball .
can we add one of these but with even more mud and like 5 tails and super unpredictable moves janky hitboxes ?
was that the time they decided to make pizza a vegetable ?
i always wondered why they did that spite seems like a common motivator for that party .
i 'm even surprised the cops even showed up—i 've heard too many stories of cops not taking women seriously and they end up getting attacked or worse by their partner/stalker/harasser/etc .
honestly i would carry a knife just for extra protection .
i 'm looking into one for me because i just moved to a city with higher crime .
a homeless man was acting all delusional and scanning and staring at my my mother and her new car when she was at the grocery store .
he started to walk up to her but saw other people watching him and he bolted .
i was mad that she did n't use her personal alarm to defend herself .
they 're loud af and usually spooks the shit out of people that do n't expect it and who i had to use it on .
same i 'd like to hear the perspective of a leftist/democratic woman who does n't like her .
but the only person on this thread even expressing any level of dislike for her does not fit that description ...
do n't see why you 'd bother asking why someone is wearing a mask .
do i quietly judge people who wear masks at stupid times like driving alone or walking alone outside ?
of course not they are obviously the selfless heroes saving the country from arseholes like me
if you 're trying to use the common man law as a defense that does n't apply in cases of murder .
it was a statement about the public lmao and how the differences in law in this country are n't understood by a scary amount of people .
and yes jurisdictions do have different wordings for vigilantism or self defense and therefor not applicable to the kenosha incident .
that was my point it was n't a statement about the incident or if it changes any of the outcomes .
the weather here is n't great but there 's no shortage of opportunities when it is .
yes i think some of it is you start developing and i do n't give a fuck attitude '' and that grows as you grow older.. wait till you are 50
i also think it 's because we are putting some of the pretentious judgmental bullshit that comes with youth behind us .
we are learning that some of the unrealistic expectations we had when we are in our 20 's are not as important..
does n't matter how they got caught tay still made a statement paperwork is on this sub
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/u/croatiancouple69 to message the op u/croatiancouple69 of this post .
reddit is a free site and as such there are virtually no barriers of entry for fakes pic-collectors and other disingenuous couples to actively participate in the sr4r community .
similar to any other any online interactions you and only you are responsible for your well-being on reddit .
for more details on how to what to expect and how to verify other individuals .
please refer to the guides available here https www.reddit.com/r/swingersr4r/wiki/guides or if you have any questions you may refer to the faq here https www.reddit.com/r/swingersr4r/wiki/faq or message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/swingersr4r .
to request to become a verified user in r/swingersr4r please access this page https www.reddit.com/r/swingersr4r/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/swingersr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
which one of you guys at r/tacticalgear finally got the balls to leave the basement .
many items were through the checkout and i didnt want to show faces .
i have a confession ... i 'm rooting for skc .
the last thing i need is to play the cinderella team fueled with hope and passion and then lose at home to them .
i have a few ha mon i can trade you
if he could 've done it he wrote a book about how he totally did it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/therewasanattempt if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll have to take another lap through these someday .
i just tried it and works in both google calendar and outlook mobile .
for google cal just after entering the time/date there is a symbol of calendar which when i click i can choose what calendar to assign bdays events etc .
are your subcalendars created on the same google account ?
i 've seen です shortened to っす maybe that 's a further shortening .
you need to give more context if you want a full answer i think
want someone to rub tanning lotion all over you 😈😈
all posts must include your age in the title before we can post them on r/selfies .
this post we did n't see your age in the title so we removed it .
the bad news on reddit you ca n't edit the title of a post so this post ca n't be saved .
you can however make a new post that includes your age in the title .
if you are over 18 and do n't want to put that exact number do n't worry over 18 '' is just fine but you have to have some age in there before your post will go up on our wall .
now if you think this is a pain and why do you have to do this it 's because you are n't verified here at r/selfie .
when a user verifies with us we set the over or under 18 flair for them and they never have to put their age in a title again .
this could be your life if you 're interested .
just see our wiki on verification and you 'll have spiffy new flair in no time !
thank you for being a part of the r/selfie community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm 31 and i see my best friends maybe twice a year if i 'm lucky we will always have history but in reality we are hardly know or see each other anymore
i do n't believe chauvin the actual guy in the wrong got a fair trial so i definitely do n't agree with this .
i think it 's disturbing and worrisome going forward .
mortal earthlings bow in your presence and sing praises of your kindness .
landlords could n't exist without cops to do their dirty work
interesting.. what if you do n't spend that much for whatever reason like covid year
may allah never let one of my sisters be married to a man as monstrous as you
i 'm one of those people that say yes when i mean no .
just thinking now that what 's going on might be a better question
if you feel this removal was in error please contact the mods .
please do not attempt to repost this submission before contacting the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingpc if you have any questions or concerns .
sure competitions are a little week dunk tank could have been more of a issue/deeper/larger bit whatever .
jordyn/bri/sydney i would have consumed 0 of content outside of this and vibbs tommy sas are weirdly going to be interesting to see how they play musical chairs .
140 in a late 90s bmw 7 series in rural vermont .
ca n't tell from that angle as we ca n't see her big fat ass '' as i believe she called it .
hell it could even be another type of skin infection or fungus but i 'm certain it 's not hookworms
harford county so i was a bit outside but had some friends that lived downtown so i was down for games and drinks a good bit .
life tis but a passing shadow ... unless you 're creamed by a mine
mj comes across as a psychotic asshole and it seems like he was even censoring himself a bit .
like even in his attempt to cultivate a pr-friendly image he still looks sociopathic .
there 's a reason why everyone that he played with that was his friend holds contempt for him now .
i think this might be a good place to give a nod to shy .
he was really good last year but taking that leap to best hitscan in the world is a big one .
i have many questions most of which are related to this grandmas skincare routine .
imagine comparing some junk food to a war that has killed people
if you have any questions about ci let me know i 'd do it in a heartbeat all over again .
the training is long but it was n't that bad .
the 10 hour days are cake 3 of them are hip anyways .
the cap for most 1811s is 176k right now .
you 'll retire with a decent pension and can still go work private after retiring and make 200k easily .
there is some speculation that dottore is 2 which i personally believe .
if you can afford it i love the idea of traveling with a baby sitter so it can actually be more of a vacation rather than a relocation .
some ppl shit on it but honestly i think it 's brilliant if you have the money for it .
everyone is blaming the guy here but you could 've clearly communicated to him that you did not like it .
communication is not a one-way street and the fact that he would respect your answers after asking means he most likely would have respected you telling him the things that made you uncomfortable .
but no you could n't be bothered to do that either so you 're both at fault 🤷🏻
read between the lines jim jordan does n't want to compete with the cartels for human trafficking dominance .
i remember hearing that excuse all the time ... when i delivered pizza ... and did n't have my best friend yet ...
another good one is i 'll get you next time '' and they never follow through i also love when they would send their kids to the door to get the order so that they did n't have to tip .
i pick whatever sprites most appeal to me from the available options and i try not to examine why too closely but i do tend to pick the asian sprites both for mc and lis so i had a moment of self examination about it and determined that my love for k dramas notwithstanding i do n't have an unhealthy fixation on asian men .
i ca n't choose mcs that look like me cuz my boobs have n't looked that good in years .
i play me every day i need a fantasy mc who somehow is the perfect size for every outfit she randomly finds in a cave or closet .
if it was really me it 'd be like sweet !
i would n't blame my wife for being like that too .
people are attached to the players currently on the team
he 'll set up projectiles to force you to shield then run in for a free grab .
his recovery is decent and the can is a magnificent tool .
and there are a decent amount of up and coming dh mains including sekai doggo wisdom and raito .
i know this is a beta but ... . ''
days of the week in my mind have two levels .
the top right is saturday and top left is sunday .
monday to friday are underneath running left to right .
the top level is as long as the bottom level .
warmer months take up more space than colder months .
july is at 12 october is at 8 april is at 3 .
i do n't know why i see it that way .
would that mean we 'd get cat deeley as the obligatory woman host ?
they walked in the door and i was in love immediately .
we did n't get together for another two years but i was infatuated regardless .
not gon na win the general in the first place if the best strategy he could come up with was hope everyone else divides the vote enough for him to win .
you have a large section of the populace sending their last 10 to a televangelist to buy their third jet .
trump 's ride and the gop 's slide into extremism would n't have worked without a large chunk of gullible people believing lies and falsehoods .
they had to undermine the truth and facts before any of this would work .
even better is when the chalk outline is floating in the water .
i think there can be value in an anarchist political party .
not to get candidates into office that will never happen but to mock the system while creating a grassroots network to help people organize unions co-ops mutual aid etc .
idk why feminists are so ashamed of admitting that men and women are made for unique roles that complement each other .
it 's like starting a restaurant but all of your staff members want to be the head chef .
over a mil i 'm level 280 but he keeps kicking my shit once he transforms
the same reason they pay anyone to work anywhere .
everybody that 's not a doctor or lawyer works a regular job so what
i 'd fuck her and make you watch as i filled her full of cum
his books are either 'well that 's relatively tame ' or 'omg my brain ! '
i 'm not sure when i ovulate may i dm you ?
i assume benintendi has agreed to get vaxxed for them ?
reportedly the royals are getting three minor league prospects in return ... but whom ?
i wonder if they 're mid-level guys or if one of them is oswald or one of them is volpe or something insane like that ...
he helps the child 's aim by moving his hands out of the way making sure the child does n't get nervous about accidentally hitting him.
i do n't give a fuck about these verses or prose tell me how medicaid works
you left the server and i gave her admin perms after i became owner .
right ... gabe 's haul but he only got 2 shirts and she got crocs and a whole bag of stuff from vs. plus lord knows what else
hobbs turning on starks was something i did not see coming .
tony nese mark sterling vs. swerve strickland could have been cut
i was annoyed i had to read that stupid 'i pegged you for a paul horne guy ' wtf was that all about .
the guy looked bummed like 'well i did n't do anything wrong ... ' fuck off with that .
lego car is not very unique in my opinion it 's a good idea yeah but we already have a brick-set spoiler and rims i guess a car to go with it would be nice but considering the fact the lego car wont get spoiler option ruins it .
i like the feel of an rc car in a robbery game .
not just a standard car like any other but a fun electric remote controlled vehicle !
yes you can absolutely train yourself with a better writing posture .
print off some letter tracing sheets or get a practice book and go at it for 30 min or more daily and just keep pushing yourself to use a proper writing posture .
the theme i love most about the jatakas is that buddha ananda sariputra yashodhara and all the monks have been reincarnating together through many lifetimes
a baltimore family is suing a sesame street-themed amusement park for 25 million over claims of racial discrimination alleging multiple costumed characters ignored a 5-year-old black girl during a meet-and-greet event last month .
your main argument for the electoral college is that it currently helps republicans .
i ca n't believe i 've wasted so much time with a person who either cant ' read or ca n't comprehend what i write .
why did you bother to engage with me and refuse to listen to what i say ?
i listened to you i understand your point and you keep writing what you think i beleive when i clearly wrote something differnt .
w muscle groups focus means full body but with a focus on an upper body movement and a lower body movement .
today was full body with a focus on chest and squats .
next time it will be shoulders and weighted lunges .
sometimes i want aerobic conditioning sometimes i want high volume sometimes i want to focus on strength and muscle building .
when i feel demotivated i do n't necessarily refer to it as my back up workout but my get back to it '' workout .
it 's a supposed to be low intensity enough to where i do n't get burned out but hard enough to get me sweating .
i usually opt for a calisthenic full body workout or hiit .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know if they did something but i have n't had problems with it for a few days now .
how can they not see that there is no way to win ?
he wants everything but offers nothing you ca n't pretend he 's your father and that you 're safe with him because you 're not .
armageddon gave me nightmares i hoped many times to be dead before it happened i would n't want to see it .
one time i looked in the mirror and i said to myself who are you ? because i did n't know who this girl was who was so afraid all the time .
the fear of demons hangs about with me until this day .
i thought i was going to die in there .
i said to my ma that i had been having suicidal thoughts and when i think on it it angers me my family know my struggles with depression and the inner demons i battled trying to be good enough .
and they still tossed me to the curb with less ceremony than you would afford a dead dog .
why is she '' sending me all the way over there ?
i 'll just go the ordinary way ... oh snap !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ontariouniversities if you have any questions or concerns .
this mmo ... is the only one that respects your time and wallet .
left gw2 after playing since launch for the much greener pastures long ago and have n't looked back .
great combat great movement great visuals great mounts but unfortunately the story is the most dogwater uninspired unexciting jumble of bleh i 've ever gone through the effort of pushing myself through .
i 'd take a couple more arrs before going through gw2 's story again .
shadowbringers and endwalker make me excited to log into the world knowing the crazy events that have happened whereas heart of thorns was just okay but dear god the living story and path of fire were a bore .
and after having the ability to have all classes easily switchable on a single character going through all the alt bullshit with gw2 despite me having full raid-ready ascended gear on all classes for some classes even geared two characters does not seem appealing in the slightest .
certainly some things i 'd wish sqenix would take from anet though like the glamour system ...
i 'm stage one and have those fears i think it just comes with the initial diagnosis .
enjoy the victories you get when you get them but know you 're not alone in how you feel .
they got pocket pussies molded to actual pornstar pussies .
def got ta bring more than pussy a laundry list and several headaches
if you do not have the required karma make some quality submissions on reddit and then try again or follow the verification instructions in the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cuckoldcaptions if you have any questions or concerns .
sadly i want to say 90 of the pops i 've recieved in sorter boxes are still in sorter boxes .
really handy for fact that i had to move and always have it in my mind that the sorters are worth holding onto in the event of trade and having to mail the figure .
as a side note ¾ of my packing time when moving was all funko/figure related .
that ukulele/hawaiian-style cover of somewhere over the rainbow by that guy rip sucks .
if you are a new undergraduate or student and you have questions please post them here https www.reddit.com/r/nus/comments/vprp8t/new_undergraduatesexchange_students_questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nus if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's almost as if sharp and eo are problems in the force .
i never found mounted that amazing outside fe4 because of those massive maps .
unless you are ltcing you are usually drawing enemies to you and if you can alpha strike hard enough the enemy ca n't react the game has lost its challenge .
being able to just ignore terrain is almost always amazing .
do not be mean insulting or disrespectful to any other user on this subreddit .
do not harass or annoy others in any way .
catfishing is the luring of somebody into an online friendship through a fake online persona .
you will be banned if you are homophobic transphobic racist sexist or bigoted in any way .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ask if you have any questions or concerns .
well i still think you did a nice job and think it a shame to strip all that work but you have to be happy with it in the end .
maybe let him be for the moment and start a fresh color scheme on a new guy ?
it 's not even reviewed by the regent insisting it be taught much less peer reviewed .
nice love that i love to suck your sprem out into me daily please 🙏
yes it 's a steam key i 'll send a pm with payment info
pharmacy will tell you front store and front store will tell you everyone lol
this comment is automatic and does not mean that something is wrong with your post !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/davie504 if you have any questions or concerns .
money laundering scheme ba itong pag-produce ng movie niya ?
'di ba dirty money rin ginamit sa wolf of wall street ?
pagkakaalala ko may ties sa corrupt politicians from malaysia yun
yeah we went to quartzite arizona because it was supposed to be some great rv woodstock or something .
based on the flags and signs did not see anyone i would want to spend any time talking to at all .
i just read the latest posts from stephanie nielsen nienie dialogues .
she and christian have climbed kilimanjaro and her last 14 posts have been about going to africa being in africa and coming home from africa .
since they have been climbing kilimanjaro i presume that they visited tanzania but maybe that 's too specific for her .
we finally left africa and flew to qatar somewhere in the middle east .
well tate did suggest a 16 year old to contact him when she reached 18 so ...
are you suggesting that the police are indentured servants ?
anyone is of course legally allowed to withhold their labour whenever they want .
i ca n't think of a single job maybe the military is an exception where anyone is not able to quit any time they want .
yesterday today records in san marco wolfson records equipment on university tiger records and eraser records in riverside .
you also might want to check out the local record show coming up on august 6th-see the sunday megathread on this reddit for more info .
nta i 'd sit him down and ask why he keeps agreeing to go half then saying he 's not sure and point out you pay half for his condoms so it is only fair as it woupd affect you both
i do n't think i could ever get sick of hellraiser or hellraiser 2 .
i used to watch those with my grandma when i was a kid .
now i wonder if i could do it at an even lower level .
i 'm still not totally sure how that pot works if it teaches you the same moves every time for the money you give it or if it depends on your existing level .
if i can gather six koban with goemon 's help would it be possible at level 2 or 3 ?
i 'm not sure if my accuracy would even be good enough to hit at that point .
this happened to me went thru a nearly unbearable interview process .
i was so bummed but ended finding a much better position i accepted .
it felt soooo good to say oh way too late i accepted another better compensation all around better job within days of your rejection .
i could have been starving those last 3 months .
youre clearly the asshole i think that 's been well established .
this may be the most comically obvious example i 've ever seen lol .
but i think something is important to recognize is that you 're out here trying to see things more clearly .
maybe youre overwhelmed with work and you just dont have the time to really pay attention so these conflicts slip by you maybe you have low interpersonal intelligence and ca n't tell who is the aggressor here maybe your story does n't show the full picture .
but while there are people who did things wrong theres no one to blame or point fault to that does n't help people get better .
it is her house too and you need to put your foot down and make her feel welcome in it right now .
but your daughter is likely in a lot of emotional pain too do n't make her feel like her emotions are wrong just make her see that the way she is expressing them is causing pain just like the pain she feels that causes her to cause it .
i do n't know what she 's going through but it sounds like your daughter feels imposed on by the new family member maybe she does n't feel like her relationship with the family you is strong enough and she feels like this new member is going to take your time away from her which is already in short supply .
given you 're on here asking such obvious questions it seems not entirely unlikely that you may not be giving your daughter the attention she needs .
i dont know the context here but little gestures like simple acknowledgements or bringing someone a treat for no reason can make someone feel a lot more paid attention to .
main takeaway is to listen to your wife she sounds smart
your wife should have been more careful not to leave the tools she uses to shower in her home shower ?
that is absolutely ridiculous i hope you have put a stop to that unwelcoming and mean behaviour .
imagine if your boss said you can no longer keep your keyboard and mouse at your desk when youre not on the computer because other employees will come in and throw them away out of spite .
i 'm genuinely curious how someone who has the wherewithal to put together a reasonably self aware post like this doesnt see how obviously problematic that behaviour is .
i think youre doing a good job trying to get better
considering you followed what you are saying '' with a complete fabrication either you did n't bother reading it or you did and decided to lie about what i said .
if you wanted to identify yourself as someone not to be treated seriously you did very well .
so i 'll humor your obvious sealioning for a moment and give you a very clear christian nationalist statement by a major us political figure .
i 'm sure you 're familiar with them so it makes it extremely obvious that your questions are dishonest attempts to waste my time .
because if i 'm there you 're going to have plenty of power .
you 're going to have somebody representing you very very well.
probably since i expect you to fake ignorance some more .
did you forget the first time trump got impeached it was for illegally withholding military support for zelenski ?
i 'm shocked my 4 year old has never said a swear word .
my wife can really let them fly when she is having a hard time .
i 'm a vfx artist and it 's a very subtle slightly .
you 'll still have a team of roto artist hand animating mattes for every single person/object .
it 's especially useless when they 're also wearing blue just like in op 's post
oddly enough arte would had he played on another team .
brazil is the greatest footballing nation of all time even if they had the same amount of results just by players they created they would be better
15 maximum though so you ca n't do something like group by series
sadie adler was not a well written character she 's exactly the reason we are afraid of a female protagonist .
she was one of those forced strong female character the kind of character liked by those femenists who are in denial that men are stronger than women so they call masculinity toxic and make fictional female characters to show misogynists '' that women are just as strong .
this kind of characters creates nothing but toxic arguments between fans as you will see in the replies to this comment .
if sadie was just one of the gang members who just happened to be a woman no one would have cared karen jones is a perfect example of a female gang member that no player hates simply for being a female who fights alongside men .
i loved karen in the valentine bank robbery but i ca n't stand sadie for even a second .
i know it 's not the best team against them but that 's all i 've got .
basically aura sphere from lucario ends off gastrodon infernape staraptor instantly .
i end up with no more type advantage after .
should i change my team by catching some other pokémon advantage types and stick with their lower levels or is it possible for me to spam restores with this current team which i 've been doing but i ran out and pull through ?
lol they still think man u are there rivals ffs
if it detects that its moving and it 's not with an iphone user it emits a sound .
yeah he wanted to sell rudiger asap who came a phenomenal defender under tuchel
yeah but bea can block shots with her 1st gadget
they line up in the shotgun and the qb hands it off to the left .
he 'll be tackled for a gain of 4 .
2nd and 6. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunpositive message=they 20line 20up 20in 20the 20shotgun 2c 20and 20the 20qb 20hands 20it 20off 20to 20the 20left. 20he 27ll 20be 20tackled 20for 20a 20gain 20of 20 7byards 7d. 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d .
it 's 2nd and 6 on the wake forest 29 .
which start positive and then go hard negative as you approach the feds terminal rate where they hold before cutting .
if you managed to buy the 10 at a higher yield than the 2 you 're shorting it 's positive carry because of th difference in yield ...
but 10s move up less than the 2 and drop faster than it when rates finally fall so you 'll make money on the interest rate changing the premium of the bond too .
you get paid to hold a position which is appreciating quickly .
vossy mate pretty sure walker doesnt play for the knights
so you 're pro baby killing but you would n't personally kill a baby .
lesser hats and even further apart levels to get each .
cause valve knows people will still pay to get new hats .
new wheel to spin pay 2.99 for it to spin pay another 9.99 to open .
huh being off reddit for a while what happended did you lot pull of rebelion or something how did you get the subreddit
stuff like „while the treaty said germany had to pay 130 billion the allies only ever intended for them to pay less source on this btw ? .
okay then why was 130 billion in the treaty ?
it clearly and specifically says that germany has to take all responsibility .
claiming that in the context it somehow revokes this doesn‘t make any sense .
basically the entire article is just making up wild claims of how the clauses specified in the treaty were not meant like that from the allies
your film has a higher rotten tomatoes score than mine
try searching for a new roommate preferably one that already signed a lease or owns their own home .
instead of looking for studios look at rooms for rent .
they 're more on-line with your budget and less likely to require large up-front move-in costs .
i made some stupid mistakes but luckily they rarely turned out to be too costly .
i 've used 24 hour time before so no clue why my brain did this but i once looked at a domestic ticket in my email that said 18:00 and for some reason took this as 7pm and never looked at it again just obsessively thinking plane is at 7 '' in my head for weeks .
it was only on the cab ride to the airport that i looked at the ticket again realized the mistake and started to sweat profusely .
i made it with seconds to spare and only because they were waiting for a couple on a delayed layover flight so they kept the gate open longer .
i was going to visit my partner 's family for christmas and she called that afternoon to check and i told her to stop worrying so it would have been a pretty shitty flight to miss .
likewise i sometimes have that weird mental break where i 've been staring at my itinerary for so long that i make a simple mistake of dates in my head so it takes way longer than it should for me to realize something like i have 2 hotels booked on one day and no hotel for the other or i bought skip the line tickets for an attraction on the wrong day .
luckily since i usually travel during shoulder season these do n't become a big deal .
i stop at a gas station to fill up and also to stretch .
i see the rental car is filling up with junk so i take the time to clean out all the garbage .
reach the exit of the toll road at which point it dawns on me that i must have thrown out my toll road ticket with all the receipts i had collected in my cup holder .
the guy at the counter even recommended going back and getting it but i was already exhausted and could barely keep my eyes open so driving back for 2 hours to search a gas station trash can that may or may not have my ticket seemed like a futile idea .
but i liked the rifters series by peter watts too so ymmv .
the best for me were the asimov foundation books larry nivens known space '' universe and the culture series by ian m. banks .
i showed this my friend that 's a righty and i shit you not he raised his fist in the air and said right power '' .
unite the benelux nations and give them the north western part of germany and denmark aswell .
to make the person who wants a communist denmark happy make it a socialist federation .
indeed it almost makes it sound like he goes bankrupt like it 's a bodily function .
you see anything that goes against the mainstream left-leaning narrative is treated by it 's followers as a conspiracy '' or russian disinformation '' or propaganda '' and those that speak against such a narrative are treated as if they 're insane less than human or just a terrible person that is ruining the lives of others somehow and harming others .
if you are to go against the left-leaning narrative on subreddits like r/whitepeopletwitter or any other left leaning sub you are met with severe backlash before a permanent ban even if your conversation/debate is n't one bit hostile in nature .
edit i see the bot and sheep algorithm is working .
you guys are really making a difference in the world by attempting to turn everyone into a brainwashed communism-loving entitled bottom-feeder who are more than willing to allow the government to experiment on them bravo !
sounds weird but having someone who has a positive attitude to be invested in a relationship in my needs is a big thing i would like .
goes both ways of course but i 'd like that
make sure to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/crappyoffbrands/about/rules and to remain civil when interacting with others .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/crappyoffbrands if you have any questions or concerns .
but these guys are trained for everything is my guess .
i seriously thought it was a banana i had been given on the flight .
on arrival in australia there is a tick the box arrival card that is very very very serious .
buddy of mine ordered his recently it was like 450 cdn .
are you denying that eating meat causes animals to be harmed ?
while also having an insanely fragile victim complex so the moment the pressure 's all on them they immediately go on the defensive and wait for the proper moment to stab someone else in the back .
dumb question but where am i supposed to submit my reddit username at the start for the wildcard prediction ?
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=dominateyou1878 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
men who self identify as straight may have sex with men and it depends somewhat on culture .
epidemiologists learned during the aids crisis that some men who answer no to questions about being gay or bi do indeed have sex with men perhaps occasionally or infrequently but still .
so men who have sex with men '' msm is a broader term .
that is consider men who would answer yes to whether they had sex with men in the past 3 months or whenever .
we do have the right to overthrow the government .
ending democracy and installing an authoritarian is not ok .
who is jwh to threaten a dust up for a high shot ?
lmao jwh of all people starting a push and shove after a high shot
vil ikke snittprisen på finn påvirkes av at små leiligheter som passer til studenter blir fort utleid nå og derfor ligger kortere tid på finn ?
what a beautiful serene setting full of amazing wildlife and lush vegetation .
it took me 2 years to see what my ex had wrote if he had wrote anything at all 🥴
had a neighbor lie this a short term renter next door .
she got got in my face several times i warned her .
she got in my wife 's face ... got a face full of wasp spray .
i 'm making my house safe for my wife and kids officer she was harassing threatening them and got in the way of my lawful activity . ''
i got told to stop doing that she got charged with assault .
if taylor screws this up i 'm done with her .
but if she messes up the vote she deserves to go home .
be warned dolby vision is accurate and sets your tv to the correct setting which is warm2 .
people are used to normal '' which is way to blue but makes things pop more .
yea i feel like taylor and brittany both have actual reasons to be concerned about the guys banding together the problem is the girls do n't give them much of a choice anyways
lol it 's okay i understand but honestly would n't be suprised if it actually happened .
mrbeast is about to hit 100 million subs so techno could definitely hit 30 million in the future .
it might be a dead channel but obviously people still care for him
i pay something like 5/month for my subaru for remote lock/start but it also includes other security features and things like remote diagnostics and the car emails me health reports .
at first i was put off and was n't going to continue after the free period but it does require the car to have a cellular connection and those are n't free .
but yeah some of these things are a complete rip off .
they 're the sole reason i only drink like 5 times a year now lol
if you want an easier gaming experience choose the noble background on character creation . ''
will you eat it even if they wo n't add it ?
government never owned them to begin with and if it 's mandatory then they 're not being bought they 're being confiscated for a tax credit for compliance .
fake news articles should n't be allowed to be posted here but that 's pretty much any canadian sub for ya .
the nannies are doing the important business in that house .
i agree that the average quality of the women 's peloton is still average even at tdff just check some of the crashes we saw in the first days some are due to basic bike handling skills lacking .
about vos though we could argue that she 's still at the top of the curve although she 's already 35 and we ca n't deny the level of the women peloton picked up fast the last few years .
but i agree that she farmed way easier wins back then .
whatever the odds are for it to happen to one person take 1-odds and then raise that to the power of how many games have been played .
that 's the odds it 's ever happened to a person .
i have 8 billion people flipping a coin 30 times .
what are the odds that for at least one person it was heads all 30 times ?
odds of heads thirty out of thirty times 0.5^30 0.00000009
odds of not head thirty out of thirty times 1 0.5^30 99.99999991
odds of not one occurrence of 30/30 heads out of 8 billion attempts 1 0.5^30 8000000000 0.058
odds of more than 0 occurrences of 30/30 heads when repeated 8 billion times 1 1 0.5^30 8000000000 99.942
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/b_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
do you think we 'll figure out a way to get alexandra popp to dortmund before she retires ?
she 's a massive fan and has apparently said her biggest dream has always been to play in the westfalenstadion .
she 's 31 has had a pretty bad time with injuries and it is going to take our women‘s team at least 5 more years to make it to the buli right ?
so it 's going to be a close call .
being centrist about anything on reddit automatically makes you alt right
i first thought mete sfx but now i 'm not sure .
why does the bay area 50 sq miles need to be the end-all-be-all of determining anything relating to income ?
300k in west virginia as an example is basically living like a socialite in 90 of that state .
you 're describing an income level the vast majority of this country will never hit in their lives .
if you do n't like the income cutoff get your state to write you a state deduction instead which at least lets local conditions drive policy .
my 20 year old brother who is a sarcastic little jerk cried when he held our baby nephew a few months after he was born .
i was in so much shock and awe at that .
good point i need to not assume everything i 'm reading is hetero .
tell me why trying to sabotage a flag creating enemies like you did with lfc fan club ?
because that was kinda the whole idea of the game ?
i do n't get what part you missed their maybe it 's a part of your brain you 're missing .
moroccans even attacked lebanon flag at some point i think they even removed it from the last snapshot does it mean moroccans hate lebanese people ?
vietnamese removed a moroccan flag too at some point do we hate them for it ?
this is a fair and insightful analysis i think .
despite being a crossdresser with no desire to change my male identity which i present constantly outside my closet i also hoped that f1nn was secretly trans .
i am not sure why except as an extension of my own love of femininity it was a way of expressing a deep yet often transitory fantasy that i might exist in a state of similar stasis .
deep in my subconscious i recognized that f1nn was doing the things that i have longed to do myself my entire life .
that and also the fact that the story true or not was so compelling .
i must admit that i also dreaded returning to watch his streams .
i caught part of his stream last night july 27 and i found myself just as engaged and fascinated as i have always been !
the compelling story is not whether he 's trans or not but rather the fact that i was watching someone who was absolutely in love with what he does and how he interacts with his viewers and who can be incredibly witty .
i have come to terms with my maleness and transition to presenting as female is not something that i have ever really wanted except in a strictly controlled situation to an audience of my own choosing .
sure but i also wanted the option to remove them at will like the clothing that i occasionally wear .
so i have come to the realization that i identify with him and not the story or mystery .
and now i love watching and following him even more .
hundreds of thousands of rough riders ruger wranglers walther pq-22 's and others are sold around the country but not in minnesota .
they 're safe and in common use elsewhere ... and if there is any doubt it 's not about safety you can buy a heritage rough rider carbine in minnesota it 's the same gun with a stock but legal because it 's a rifle and not a pistol .
you 'd have to frog it but i think it looks just fine as is .
haha my daily driver is a mbp with win 11
the first flight works out the kinks and is a bit more prone to delays .
not oriental adventures besides that is more japan than china themed
looks like a delicious piece of meat surrounded by those beautiful pubic hairs .
the guy gets injured and misses 4-10 games nearly every single season but i 'm still very happy to have him !
others are simps who 's whole mindset revolve around women .
i am actually in the same boat but was n't sure if i can reapply for a new permit .
if it would be put into the library you can choose to put it in the command zone instead .
i 'm sure it would n't be hard to find the article that explains it did n't take me long .
the kwik trip on schroeder rd is the cheapest i 've seen on a consistent basis .
but they only have 6 pumps so it 's constantly busy .
gta 4 for the physics and realism gritty atmosphere etc .
but gta 5 has an addictive energy about it .
sure the physics are just ok but the world is awesome and i love the soundtrack .
so much for the theory intel stock benefits from the chips act at least in the short term .
what is the centurion 's speed compared to the other ground vehicles that use anvil 's atlas platform ballista and spartan ?
due to the higher mass of the weapon system and extra components the centurion is slightly slower than the ballista .
in the future the ballista will have the benefit of reduced mass when its ordnance is depleted so will gain improved speed and handling when out of ammunition .
as a close-range defensive ground vehicle how is its radar emission compared to the other atlas platform vehicles ?
it has a slightly higher em/ir emission compared to the other atlas platform vehicles due to the increased number of components necessary to power the default energy weapon loadout .
in addition to the main anti-aircraft turret does the centurion have any other self-defense equipment like decoys or noise launchers ?
it does not have any additional self-defense equipment nor is currently planned to have any in the future .
how well is it armored/shielded against incoming fire from attacking fighters compared to other vehicles or stationary turrets ?
it shares a lot of common dna with the other atlas platform vehicles and as such is comparably armored and shielded .
how good are its radar range and scanning capabilities when for example targeting stealth fighters at close range ?
as it shares a lot of components with the other atlas platform vehicles it 's set up to detect vehicles at the same distances as those with the default components equipped .
will both turrets be able to move fast enough to keep enemy fighters on target even at short range ?
while we ca n't guarantee that due to the near-infinite combination of factors such as the target ship its distance and the atmospheric density the turret moves fast enough and with as much range as we can allow to keep its targets in sight .
will the ballista centurion and other ground vehicles be able to share targets to optimize the transition between short and long-range defense ?
the sharing of target data is a feature we plan to have in the future but will not be available at the vehicle 's launch .
is the driver-controlled front turret suitable for engaging ground targets at close proximity or is its tilt angle primarily oriented for engaging aerial targets ?
due to the position of the weapon it is capable of engaging ground targets .
however at close range sub 25m it may struggle to hit them due to its height and fire arc .
does it offer armor lockers or weapon racks for the driver and the main-turret gunner ?
there are personal storage lockers and weapon racks for both crew members .
what are the centurion 's advantages and disadvantages compared to other air defense vehicles like the ballista or tumbril cyclone aa ?
compared to the ballista it trades engagement range and alpha-strike damage for sheer damage-per-second output at closer ranges .
compared to the cyclone aa it provides a much greater engagement distance and superior firepower .
do the turrets also have a searchlight or other markers to help players visually detect enemy aircraft ?
no lights are equipped to the turrets by default all identification is done by scanning/targeting .
we are aware that remote turret views currently do not have mfd screens on them this will be fixed in a future patch for all vehicles .
are the coolers powerful enough to allow sustained firing in extremely hot environments ?
the additional coolers equipped to the centurion allow it to fire with its default loadout in a range of environments .
will the maximum number of shots limited by the weapon capacitor be higher than in comparable ship turrets to compensate for the lower mobility ?
can i somehow reduce the weapon capacitor limits or increase my rate of fire ?
adjusting the priority of the capacitors will adjust the number of shots the weapons have at the expense of the other items controlled by the capacitor system .
the number of shots the capacitor allows by default like ships with turrets is higher than normal but not significantly different from those same turrets/ships .
can i exchange the turrets ' lasers for other weaponry such as ballistic cannons ?
absolutely although naturally the tradeoff for the increased damage and penetration of ballistic weapons is the finite ammo capacity .
god i can only imagine the poor cops reaction to that call out .
serve and protect they said it 'll be fun they said ''
wer zufrieden und glücklich für vermeintlich selbstverständliches dankbar ist is entweda a eingrauchta hippie oder hot an ondan glescha .
is that just because there 's only 50kw chargers for the first 900km until you hit kamloops ?
ppw is always based off cash price here allows comparison of all quotes equally .
oooh ok well that makes sense well it will probably never get better and i would get out it sucks it 's sad but u need to enjoy your life
unfortunately it 's probably better for the city from a net income perspective to reduce the amount of multi family housing .
the largest cost to the city per household is public education and with mostly property taxes for income the city would get the most income with large single family homes at the least amount of households per acre .
you 're not missing much it 's just food after all .
i would love a perfectly normal life if 80 of the shops around dfw closed immediately .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
op was actually fine with letting his husband fuck a woman just not his twin sister which is what gets me .
maybe he has some trauma there that he 's not thinking about and does need some help there but his husband is 100 wrong for only wanting to fuck his twin sister .
and as a woman i can say his twin sister is a bitch who 's trying to start shit .
are you saying that ace bailey and bill barilko should n't count either ?
editor money whatever that is but i doubt it 's cheap
for reference you should expect to pay at least 0.01 0.02/word for copyediting and pushing closer to the 0.08/word range for developmental edits .
obviously rough numbers but this should give you a vague sense of what editing a 75k word novel costs it 's going to start in the high hundreds .
time to go wash my eyes out with bleach ... again .
op i 've been reading your comments hoping to get some clarity but i 'm genuinely not understanding
you 're asking if hls are all aromantic because they 're stressed about the lack of sex and that is someone 's sexual they must be aromantic but if they 're not sexual they 're romantic ? ?
and also your questions in other comments seem to confuse romance with wanting to have sex .
how many friends do you hold hands with ? ?
how many friends do you go on one on one dinners on a date ? ?
none of these have to include sex or even have the intention of sex but there is a difference .
he wants everyone to have the choice to do the things that he wants to do .
people that go back to pakistan to live there by choice instead of choosing a life in a more developed country have not only failed their parents who busted their asses to get out but also do n't know how bad pakistan is in terms of safety and economy .
it gives me a full body repulsion shivers the lot .
have to cat-slap a sponge into the sink to wet it before i can do dishes .
ah a shame i was trying to give you more
hahahaha i am sure i will be totally zooted 😆
somehow it started to be the spot but now it just is .
yeah i was n't to thrilled about the cost .
not having to constantly adjust in my chair or the aches and pains after sitting only an hour made it worth it pervious chair was really bad .
i 'm generally not leaning that far back anyways but i 'd like to on occasion .
my void is considered to be the most talkative cat anyone has ever met
i always hated the first honda ridgeline and the gm pickups that were similar clearly an suv where the back end had been hacked off with a sawzall to create a mutilated-sorta-pickup .
i saw it twice first at a decent theater but the second time an an imax .
the flight sequences change aspect ratio and take up the entire screen .
it 's almost as if it wraps around you like a cockpit .
if you enter the civil service on a temporary direct recruitment contract you have n't been recruited as part of a fair open and transparent process .
even if you move to a permanent contract surely this condition would remain in place because nothing had changed in terms of the circumstances of your recruitment unless you completed an fair open recruitment exercise afterwards ?
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18f if you have any questions or concerns .
she was the face if league on twitch for a long long time .
if players do not have the required farming level when they harvest a crop they will not receive experience .
thus if a player plans to harvest a crop they do not have the required farming level for they should re-boost their stats .
however a player can check the health of a tree and receive experience even without the required level
you sure its not a confirmation screen asking you if you want to receive the produce without receiving exp ?
plenty of people who grew up poor and full of struggles but end up wealthy as adults spoil and enable the hell out of their children both as a way to live vicariously through their childhoods but also as a way to shield '' their kids from the kinds of hardships/traumas they had to endure .
makes it so much easier for me when i rip everything else away .
i kinda liked tommy in season 6 he did well especially towards the end of his time but i 'm okay that he 's gone now
just tell your boss that ypu ca n't come in because your car broke down .
it worked for me when i used that excuse like four weeks ago when i just did n't feel like coming into work one day .
did you guys know there 's also a wild things with dina meyer ?
i water every two or three days fully saturating the soil .
hmm so peak power draw is 145 w which is standard for all ryzen 5000 series cpu 's that are rated at 105w tdp .
the 145 figure is actually 3 watts higher than what the standard ppt figure should be .
but anyhow my psu can definitely supply that power i 'm just not sure how the peak power draw relates to cpu temps under load .
i really like your prices and the quality of work is amazing .
i was surprised how quick they finished my work .
god you 're so cute and beautiful either way .
and i ca n't help but notice your heels !
i do n't think there 's anything funnier than somebody failing to understand something scientifically verified while themselves claiming to be just using science to form an objective statement like this literally has nothing to do with maths the same heights or the same calories this has to do with the role of genes in the way that people come to view food their psychological predispositions illness throughout generations etc .
this is like saying you ca n't have a genetic predisposition towards anorexia because if you gave an anorexic normal food they 'd be a normal weight it 's a huge r/wooosh
you guys seen nothing yet if you have n't watched any of the cartel videos and brazilian prison videos on sites like bestgore
yeah im german and we are known for our productivity .
thats not related to workhours at all and employees have many rights here .
so i hope you allow me my comment from a country thats not america lol
hong kong hong kong krunch was my favorite twisted metal 2 level
it 's strange you say that because i had a dream a week before where and i really do hate myself for having this dream but i was getting ready to go postal thankfully the dream ended before i did but i mean i even had the dudes outfit and i actually have long hair so it maybe meant something .
it makes me anxious to look at with how horrible she is in terms of her as a person
i 've gotten 45 in a week and i play around 2-3 hours a day .
oh my god im so dumb i totally forgot about limbaugh that 's embarrassing lolol
it all sounds the same cause you have n't given it a proper chance .
i agree dababy is generic and meh but he 's far from a mumble rapper and sounds nothing like those other two artists you mentioned who are close collaborators and very different musically lol .
if you just do n't like trap music then i guess that 's fine it 's not for you but shoehorning random rappers you do n't like in all as mumble rap is just unfair and honestly sounds like you have n't even properly tried these artists .
i got a request a week ago to watch one and have been nervous to accept because the owner made him sound like a crazy destructive escape artist lol
they 're good if they sold at 1.70 but they probably did n't .
so i actually won tickets to go see this show for a playbill comp .
and they put me on the right orchestra row d and i 'm not gon na lie i did n't love it .
it was really hard to see and the staging/special effects was definitely lost from both sitting that close and from being on the lower level .
i 'd honestly say try to go mezz ... the first couple of rows are really nice and you can see the stage from a higher pov which is kinda nice for hadestown .
i saw moulin rouge from the mezz and it made the show .
i 'd never sat in the mezz before and normally if i did it would be for touring productions so i didnt love it ... but i think for broadway you ahve to try to go mezz or center orchestra just so you can fully see everything set wise/blocking wise at least in my experience/opinion .
so if you do n't have a shot at mezz i would suggest somewhere in the middle ?
i found sitting on a side made it hard to see the characters faces/actions sometimes which really sucked if it was a main number .
honestly row j is prob ur best bet but again close mezz seats would be ideal .
if not no worries all options seem good ahah have fun let me know if you like it !
also side note try your luck at the broadway lottery and student rush ! !
college students can sometimes line up early and snag really cheap tickets i highly recommend you look into this for this show/any others in general !
just look it up on the playbill website or the theatre 's you can try to see which shows might offer discounts .
nahhh i 'm an employee pretty sure i 'm not eligible for those types of contests/prizes .
i 've had my alva decks for years huge ta fan !
i remember getting a hulk toy from burger king that came with a coupon for like 10 off hulk toys at kmart .
i was really excited to use it but alas my parents could n't find a kmart .
i still ponder to this day how my life would have changed if 6 year old me had an abomination action figure or hulk hands .
educational placemats by teaching kids to start proper nouns with lowercase letters
my man trying to get a never before seen angle at goldshire inn i respect the creativity
this guy 's performance against o'malley was the definition of too tough for his own good '' .
i saw this same exact post as well and what started this full blown panic 😂
what i 'm saying is that dwight was working on his weaknesses in the off-season too free throws and jump shooting .
i never get hyped over off-season training videos because of this .
someone doing something in an empty gym proves nothing .
all the videos of ben simmons making like a ton of 3s without missing is proof .
this will be a contract year for him if he does n't reach a deal on an extension and players sometimes play better in that situation and i 'm hoping it 's the case .
but this video is n't really swaying me because i 've seen too many cases of these off-season training hype videos amounting to absolutely nothing when the season starts .
not in sweden they 'll take that child away immediately .
nah see this never go to bed angry '' thing has made their relationship strong so they 've spent the whole trip fuckin
what is the country that will drug test/search your house for steroids if you even look like your on steroids ?
not sure what the outcome is/was i 'd be willing to help you find a suitable nail tech to help you get those fixed .
as a nail artist myself i am so sorry they turned out this way .
they had no business working with acrylic if this is their idea of quality .
it might be surprising to some but this is an easy fix to shape underneath with the right electric nail bit and reshape the top and reapply the white v french .
should take less then an hour with the right person .
let us know where you live i 'm sure we can all band together to find someone !
i had this in my storage and forgot to take it out after ursula 's clean up ended and now i ca n't get rid of it and it 's taking up space .
i used to have a master chief one that included a flood spore and a multiplayer spartan in white blue .
id grind out twenty construction then do tempoross to 82 fishing minnows this should get you 52-56 construction repairing totem pole/mast and the noted planks youll receive as a reward .
from there go to wintertodt and solo to 99 .
youll end up with 75-80 construction just recently did this .
i personally ended efficiency scape at that and have just been doing random stuff..
slowly massage the vag then rub the clitoris ever so gently .
proceed to stick a single finger in the vagina .
continue adding your fingers until your whole fist is in .
slide your arm slowly into her once you reach your shoulder limbo in with your head and forcibly insert your other arm torso and legs .
when you feel the job is done finish by giving birth to yourself
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
it always rains in my world but this here hurts a lot .
ahh okay well when i get home i can send my friend code !
yooo fuck muñoz straight up ... which mariner are we throwing at now ?
reddits such a beta site sad to see even the osrs sub is like this .
yes the best xp and gp rates should be in the wilderness because dealing with other humans is a lot harder than camping prayer at npc 's .
im not even a pker but that makes perfect sense .
people who are scared and would rather just be taught a foolproof braindead method of pray x here then switch and pray x for this phase '' in a set pattern fighting npcs shouldnt have better rates than having to actually think and be challenged .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a tag in the title .
please post again with the reference or model number or nickname of the watch in square brackets e.g .
sarb033 or 5626-8010 or tuna if you are posting a question please use question tag in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/seiko if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm leaning heavily towards a 'freak accident ' a couple of weeks after pete has had his inauguration .
right propaganda tells you everything calls you racist and mysogynistic .
me who is in the process of pumping every single good antifvirus program into my bloodstream as well as every drug from the fallout franchise imma bout to end these mans whole career
my episodes also never have subtitles and though i know a little russian it 's hardly enough to actually do more than recognize a handful of words .
😂 that site has been a godsend for me .
every time they do something wrong i just blame it on society .
if broader society is inconvenienced etc it 's our fault for not standing-up enough for people being illegally underpaid as they zoom around madly trying to catch their wages up to legal standards
read again or pinpoint where because it 's happening that russia is stealing ukraine wheat and selling it .
also getting a karkafta someone who never put on teffilin saved them from gehhinom
i think now that i understand my puppy 's schedule more she has patterns i can see she gets the zoomies right when she gets up in the morning and also early evening and she sleeps almost the whole afternoon i can use that to help schedule my own time .
i just needed a break to see it 's gon na be okay .
i may need to have the kitten rehomed since she was a sudden unexpected pet but i 'm gon na keep going trying to adjust things to make it all click better for everyone .
if there are any issues or rule breaking please message the moderators or the modmail https new.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nudes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't imagine doing it without a boost .
probably a year or two ago they had 2x or 3x boost and i got it all done that week .
was a huge pain in the ass with lots of afk'ing .
males me think of the afroman song she wo n't let me fuck ''
atheists have a moral code they decide what is ok ... religious people delegate their moral code to huxters .
talk to me if you wan na talk there 's no stigma of women harassing men but there is the other way so i 'm not talking to you unless spoken to .
i 've moved away from girls sitting too close in a place/bus with empty spaces before .
hi blazinkeeks thanks for posting your fo for us to see !
if you have a link to the pattern you used or any other relevant information e.g. yarn brand weight type hook used please reply to this comment with that information so that everyone can see it .
if this is your own pattern please read our rules in full here https www.reddit.com/r/crochet/wiki/rules
if provided pattern and/or more info from op is under this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/crochet if you have any questions or concerns .
i like to put mustard on bread with butter though
yes yes the clash of the nerd range boners 🙄
not an atiny yet but cyberpunk is just so sexyyyy i got an eargasm
i think it would be more accurate to say that this is where we thought it was going be the best story ever made '' this where we knew the story sucked .
but is there something especially compelling about their origins that ca n't be established with some dialogue after the fact or like a tiny flashback of ben thinking about his pre-transformation life ?
spider-man and batman 's origins are essential to who they are as characters and why they are beloved .
how to get laid on tinder how i banged 16 new girls in 5 weeks https www.reddit.com/r/teenhdporn/comments/s7lxrv/how_to_get_laid_on_tinder_how_i_banged_16_new
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenhdporn if you have any questions or concerns .
shanks comes in when you are bullied just enough so you would know and learn you can actually be stronger and fight back .
he might be really the strongest or the most level headed for it seems everyone listens to him and he seems to get his way every time .
unfortunately it 's been removed because of the following reason s
there is no image/clip or link in your post .
if you think there 's been a mistake contact the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdoctorwho .
forever gm for my groups mid 20s in wa available weekends and late west coast nights
many times i 've been tempted to think i had been forsaken by him but then i think of his passion and i can see that not only i 'm in a sea of the sweetest love as my heart feels a desperate urge to love him back .
the saints used to say that the crucifix contains all things we need for our souls it tells us how much we 're loved and by reading '' the crucifix we can find all virtues we need including humility and charity .
read the meditations of st. alphonsus on the passion of our lord it 's very helpful .
i 'm like that too i could n't control myself with salt so i just do n't have any in the house .
makes it way easier to not put it on food in restaurants now too .
and i definitely ca n't eat fast food or else it kick starts my obsessive cravings all over again .
it 's a good thing these foods are n't healthy anyway for you .
how long does it take for kratom to leave your body for someone like the op ?
scared like i 'm surrounded by a bunch of gang rapists about to vote on what happens next .
it used to be really popular but i guess now they shut it down thank god
i actually like him but he does something very weird with his hands and his elbows and once you 've noticed it you can never unsee it and it totally ruins the show .
also you might find some tips or other things to consider if you check out r/transpassing plus it seems a few people there are good at explaining how to do the things i mentioned above .
it 's either over or under charged it may have a bit too much refrigerant and be tripping the high pressure switch or they may have missed while sealing the copper line and it lost the refrigerant and is tripping the low pressure switch .
best to just turn it off that disconnect on the wall there and call them to come back and fix it .
it was claudio he refused to put over right ?
if so i 'd bet money that pwi rankings came up with that talk with the booker .
unfortunately i suspected this which is why i placed a pipe bomb in your mailbox .
you 're a f cking bastard you know that ? ''
definitely bi how else was he gon na dom all the torobatl guys and gals ?
i never thought i would agree with someone with go ducks '' in their user name but if there 's a year oregon state has a chance post 2012 it 's this one .
i use quick md and they are fast and their support line is a great help too
most of the time this type of work needs a more powerful cpu .
i would recommend a 12700k or higher and 64 gb of ram .
you can get away with a less powerful video card like a 3060 although it still depends on the application .
some cheaper watches attach their dials to the body of the watch with adhesive that wears off over time .
i 'd get a gshock to replace this broken rubbish asap .
i do agree with you on the trade off part but in my case its about the companies who want to integrate with us are escalating and telling our dev docs are incorrect or missing a lot of information and we are evening loosing business because of it .
the product is great but docs are crap you see where i am trying to go .
for a short term fix i owned it and trying to get it released .
but culture/habit is the problem people will still do releases going forward and again docs will get un-synced .
i 'm trying to fix this loop and looking for a way if there is a way i can .
since you are thinking about a family imagine having a child with this guy ... he might even say ... l gag when l change diapers the baby does n't sleep when it 's with me l do n't know how to change the clothes weaponized incompetence you know ditch him .
lol that 's gon na be a big fat no from me .
there 's all sorts of bang noises coming from my phone .
i do n't wa n't to be that guy ... but who controls the arms ?
also extreme behemoth has a dps check where he wo n't drop rocks if you do n't do enough and safi si the same albeit a fairly easy one .
so easy it glitchs sometimes and you force out 2 nukes in a row without a round of rocks between but still it 's there .
hell fatalis has a dps check just to play multiplayer lol .
you got ta deal 25 of his hp alone before the final cutscene procs and allows others to join you .
ghost reveries and blackwater park on vinyl resident evil 3 remake and re8 .
i got maybe 2000 that was then discredited from my tax cuts while i 'm paying over 100 more on gas and food and my 401k has lost 2 years .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=bigcockfacefuck .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
oh no worries i 'm not mad at you about it or anything i 'm more so talking about the system
id let him know and dont suprise him with it .
i really like you but i signed up on seeking for the financial aspect as well as the company .
i cant remain exclusive and will need to see another sd to reach my goals .
im happy to continue our friendship but it will need to fit around whoever else i get involved with .
as an sd myself id quickly realise i stuffed up and either offer to fix things or take it as you want to move on but thats my choice and i couldnt be upset at you for it .
my best way i 've found when discussing controversial issues is to find out their premises .
at that point if i take them as true and reach the same conclusion they do i know if i disagree i should check premises .
sometimes i disagree and if they ca n't change their premise i walk away .
though i like to question my own premise a little more in that case .
i 'm fairly certain it would since you have no way to use the potions .
soon as you got a new hero the quest would become possible so the next daily reset you would need to start using potions again .
just an idea and feel free to shoot it down
a team that is top between international windows gets a free pass at boosting their average when no games are played .
would it make sense to only look at rankings during intl windows ?
games with a free camera in spectator mode are lit especially if you can clip through the skybox and see it all through a birds eye view
also i 've been grinding hard on lit fuse it 's the first cube that is keeping me from considering that to be the jump
there are some morphs where it can be debatable how unethical they are .
generally i like to judge them based on following criteria
does it only occur very rarely or is it to be expected frequently ?
an example for this would be kinking in cinnamon .
super cinnamons the homozygous form of the gene are very prone to severe physical deformities such as spinal kinks and duckbills .
normal cinnamons heterozygous on the other hand while still at a slightly higher risk than classics for such issues show these deformities rarely enough that they are usually not regarded as a problem-morph by most people .
can it easily be managed by minor husbandry adjustments or does it hinder the natural behaviour of the animal ?
due to their lack of melanin albinos are light sensitive and vision impaired however they still act like normal bps and seem to live a full live as long as their exposure to bright lights are limited .
scaless ball pythons in comparison have severe metabolic issues that shorten their life span and often require help for basic body functions such as shedding .
albinos and many other recessive morphs had poor health when first introduced into the hobby in order that establishing a recessive morph usually requires a lot of initial inbreeding .
however nowadays they are very outcrossed and have become very stable .
another example would also be all of the lethal combos in order that they are completely avoidable during breeding by knowing which morphs are compatible with each other and which not .
while i personally am okay with some of the members of the spider complex who only have problems very rarely like champagne and hidden gene woma or only in combination with other members of the complex like spotnose and sable who are safe to work with in their heterozygous forms others that frequently show neurological problems such as spider woma powerball homozygous spotnose super sable homozygous sable and any combination of morphs within the complex like champagne spotnose spider sable hidden gene woma spotnose etc .
should in my opinion not be produced due to the high risks of the offspring ending up with a poor quality of life .
nah dude honestly it 's that people do care about jews on reddit way too much .
this post has thousands of upvotes and it 's barely even news and it 's all basically comments of people saying now i 'm not antisemitic but .
all it 's doing is serving as a platform for people to get comfortable roasting jews based on the actions of a few fundamentalists .
obviously the largest and most powerless group is responsible .
they can just buy scissors that do n't come in plastic packages !
considering how the band tried to do something new and different with every album essentially the real/only answer to this is all of them .
they were all incredibly divisive in their own ways upon release and every album got its own amount of hate that it did n't deserve .
then it 's perfect for you but does not mean that it 's perfect in general .
all of the established characterization in the first third is entirely thrown out right around half way through .
for me the worst is the guy you were mentioning who leaned right into the alien snake thing this dude was super skittish up this point oh and he was a biologist if i remember correctly but suddenly he 's going to make first contact and go in for a hug on the first living organism he runs across because ... reasons .
i 'm fuzzy on the details as i have n't watched it since it came out and while i did enjoy the movie as a whole the writing around that dude pissed me off about as much as shit writing can piss off a sci-fi nerd .
pig tails are back on the menu https twitter.com/jijantesfc/status/1552914856130625536 ? s=25 t=6k4s-ct5q-unqebaljgyaq
bogleech is kind of a punchline to this post just because the elephant calf looks like those awesomely grotesque mortasheen monsters https bogleech.com/mortasheen.htm he draws .
i really hope it 's the same person and i 'm not just being dense .
redheadslove has partnered with one of the largest cam sites to offer you a free membership to their hottest redhead models !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redheadslove if you have any questions or concerns .
having a gaming pc and playing games on console or casual gaming on a low end computer is not the same .
and in something like mobile gaming apple is bigger than microsoft sony nintendo and activision blizzard together !
but most games especially which are aimed to casual gamers would run on macs with no problems .
the real gamers with their high end gaming pcs are not that big .
most people still use their computer for work and study .
and businesses are n't looking for gaming pcs anyway .
ffs tell us he survived in your original comment !
i read he was only with us an hour to mean he did n't and was distraught !
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
are eligible for ongoing contests and can win free reddit premium coins and flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/womenbendingover if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's more likely that they may add him to standard banner after the entire version 3 so like a year from now .
would also depend on how good the friendship is could be the best relationship i ever had or i could lose a good friend .
and really is n't that the most incredible kind of love
imma try to point out somethings as briefly as possible
the rectangles on the floor i got that one of them indicated a jump but the others as soon as i go through one it gives a bit of score and all of them afterwards disappear not the jump ones those appear correctly .
that i can extend my jump up to a certain point and get more points ?
or that i have to get the first one after a jump to get max points ?
the jumping feels floaty going up seems fine but when falling the input does n't feel snappy enough to give a sense of control right now i 'm just trying to stay on the ground and i do n't try to be precise with my jumps .
it feels like a rhythm game but does n't have the tight controls that the genre is known for if this is not were you want your game to go ignore this point
overall i think the game is cool and going in a good direction i would n't add any more mechanics right now besides moving left or right while pressing the screen that way you could add walls or certain target rectangles '' do n't know what to call them xd just appear on right or left and could even do some air targets that also describe a trajectory from one side to another aaaand have flying walls as well basically ramping up the difficulty for those masochistic players i know they are out there sometimes i 'm one as well ahahah
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchatsextxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
now i 'm considering going to an event they have in my city ... .i think it might be working
just today i saw a person with a scooter getting into a tram hitting another person with it and then she cursed at the other person for not looking out
it 's been a while since i 've seen such a smile .
can you imagine how terrifying that is when the building is closed at night with the lights off
peter is teenager man thor is freaking 300 year old god
i do n't even have to see the pepper itself if it was cooked in i can taste it .
it 's slightly more tolerable if it 's not physically there but i very much will not enjoy eating it .
we could literally stop using chat and just use calls .
the deacons are the boss of the location of where you entered in the painting with gael .
go to the cemetry outside the area fo the bonfire and go to the bridge with a dude with worms with a head and arms and here you are outside the cathedral .
my role at no 10 sounds fancy but a lot of the time i was much closer to being boris 's nanny .
at the start of the pandemic testing was limited so like everyone else the pm regularly had his temperature taken to check for symptoms .
this was generally done by me towering over him with or without heels – i generally found it useful to be physically intimidating in the role of nanny one hand on a hip teapot-style and the other brandishing an oral digital thermometer .
each time never willing to miss a good slapstick opportunity he dutifully feigned bending over .
this plus the constant questioning about whether or not he 'd washed his hands ‘what do you mean by recently ?
' the hand-wringing about his hair which made him look even more like one of those troll toys from the '80s at the daily televised press conferences and the frequent scolding about making gags such as ‘kung-flu ' and ‘aye !
' characterised much of the pre-terrifying brush-with-death era in the nursery .
during his recovery the nannying came on in leaps and bounds my insisting that he drink vitamin-filled green juices from daylesford instead of his usual diet coke trying to find diary time for his naps or very gradual exercise even forcing him to have a sit-down once he got to the top of the famous yellow downing street staircase to catch his breath before a meeting .
i alternated between stern finger-wagging and soothing words in response to his regular ‘i hate covid now .
the end for me came in november 2020 about two weeks after dom 's hurried departure .
the pm had been isolating after his latest ‘ping ' and he and i finally reunited in the cabinet room where we had an exchange that i am sure may have been familiar to many of his girlfriends .
him ‘ho hum i 'm not sure this is working any more . '
me ‘oh ok you seem to be trying to break up with me .
i do n't know ... yes no maybe ... wait come back ! '
he said a lot of things the most succinct being ‘i ca n't look at you any more because it reminds me of dom .
it 's like a marriage has ended we 've divided up our things and i 've kept an ugly old lamp .
but every time i look at that lamp it reminds me of the person i was with .
not sure how extensive their records are for nl but they do have listings there .
sleep at a 45 degree angle propped up by pillows and be uncomfortable get little sleep .
in the mornings i will make a power protein smoothie that consists of oatmeal hemp seeds chia seeds almonds frozen berries and a banana .
throughout the day i 'll make sure to get lots of greens and a handful of fruits .
cherries and apples really help with pushing stuff through .
eating oatmeal itself is like eating cardboard so spice it up .
plus when you see your healthy bm 's you 'll want to eat more !
if you think women liking assertive confident and often aggressive men is cultural then we really have nothing to talk about here .
spec/crit is really difficult to play perfectly especially when it comes down to getting in both nukes and mrl under fe3 after barrage mode .
it does do more damage on paper but not by much and between how slow it is and how narrow the burst window is i think more people will get more mileage out of spec/swift .
i would hope not and i 'm more than willing to admit my perception to be wrong if so but that 's the perception i got with the sample size i 've beem exposed to .
io le uso e funzionano molte bene però non so dirti delle qualità delle chiamate sul monopattino .
andrea galeazzi ci fece la recensione in centro a milano sulla bici e a quanto pare durante le chiamate non si sentiva niente guardati la recensione
friends remember to report posts that are spam like onlyfans thots ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chavgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a tens unit snd it does not help my fibro
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unket if you have any questions or concerns .
this is probably why he might join the underground fight club at his local run down tavern .
locals say that muslim workers were hired to demolish these lingams and temples because lots of local workers refused to do it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chavgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
what do you mean by only raced there once ?
indian gp has taken place thrice from 2011 to 2013 .
i hope we can see f1 back in india too .
if she 'd accessorised with a bit more black i think they would n't have read her so harshly
let 's not do this again we are running out of weather conditions to name our victorious military operations after and the names operation fog '' and operation clowdy with possibility of rain '' just do n't sound as good
horrendous 😭 rod is fatter than my dick and it doesnt even look like it has the jeeter label or strain name on the hardware
oh my gosh i was seriously worried🤣 im too old for this app
ja und es facebook profilbild wird nicht geändert oder wie ?
first of all you 're using the word down-payment wrong .
is the lump sum you pay up front not your monthly repayment .
weird thing is that when we try to simulate a loan online i know it 's online so things can change in person lots of banks are saying we should make an appointment because our down payment is not meeting the correct criteria 's .
they ask around 80k we can only give 50k .
also our bank is willing to give us a loan but they did n't went into specific details about the intrest the duration of the loan .
can we be nitpicky about this in this situation ?
the former ceo of one of the american airlines had a flight scheduled every friday and sunday purely so he could spend an extra couple of hours at his weekend property so yup i fully agree a bunch of ceos are probably worse .
you can also walk through american cities lmao ... .
you can walk less in american cities compared to other countries because we have more land than they do making the cities larger or more stretched out ... this is common sense .
why is it so hard for you to understand america has more land than puerto rico ?
i think she has some reap banger 's but she 's a shit human being .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nootropics if you have any questions or concerns .
oh wow 👌 i love the dress as well very stunning 💋
if nonstopcop 's advise does not yield proper results in a last ditch effort you could port the numbers out and then switch back to verizon after 60 days on a consumer account .
her follower count is nearly twice as high as other contestants though in reaching lucrative potential at least .
namba man umeda has a couple nice bars but its mostly business you got the umeda sky building with great views but tennoji has the much taller abeno which will give you the best views if the weather is nice .
actually the nissan z was the most interesting event in a while ...
errr one race doesnt make the whole event ... lost a ticket there because i was playing on the bright sun and no amoled screen .
please remove the cot bumpers they are a sids risk .
they 're cute but it 's a no-brainer to keep your little one safe .
said the crack head that thinks biden is a tough president that putin fears
absolutely just ordered a television through them a year ago they delivered it it had quite a few dead pixels they brought a replacement next day and picked up the old one .
and all this to an apartment on the third floor without elevator .
no you can never ever get it ever again and will have to restart your save file ! s !
a player can understand their champion and still have other leaks in their game no ?
i main lillia and i understand her kit and role in the game ok ?
so guess i 'm on my way to diamond !
i just got fired 🤬🤬 but it 's ok because i work at gay porn company 😂😂😂 i was fired for an unrelated issue
that looks more like fire damage than anything else .
and more importantly why would the ukrainians bomb a place they knew held pow s ?
innate samira 's basic attacks against targets in 200 range use her blade becoming non-projectile .
blade attacks on-hit blade whirl wild rush and the slash and explosives of flair deal 2 − 19 based on level 3.5 − 10.5 based on level ad bonus magic damage increased by 0 − 100 based on target 's missing health .
just check it in a practice tool or something you 're still understating it quite a bit .
i 'm not saying you 're gon na be oneshotting people with the passive but it 's gon na do a lot more than scorch that 's for sure .
je suis en catalogne après on a eu quelque bons restaurants mais bon pas fou fou
i had to stop watching janitors putting out fires in the game .
it 's much too tense even when they do it exactly right .
each pause when they enter the room pick up the extinguisher etc is waaaay too annoying .
i can see why people do n't like it i thoroughly enjoyed it but it does feel a bit long .
that 's what i always liked about gta online you were able to play a good size of the game alone which is what i prefer .
in all my years of gaming i 've met no one that 's a better all round teammate than me .
i made 50m off cayo perico with just me myself and i because people are dumber than rocks and take up space .
i always said i could do heists 2015 by myself—i was not wrong .
fair point maybe i should make some clarification i meant damaged
i do n't think you 're following me those are made from abs plastic .
the absolute last thing you would want to put into an enclosed engraver .
i would be more inclined to say go for it with an open frame machine being used out doors .
but on most co2 machines you 're asking for corroded metals and motor damage .
you do you big dog but i would n't go telling other people to use those as a replacement for a honeycomb .
he became lucid and they started talking about how russ is losing the fight and how angron does n't give a shit if he or his legion dies .
and while angron may have been a strong asset the world eaters have gotten used to fighting without him so they are n't really denied anything new and are clearly the superior legion in that fight .
hahahaha i shot a 97 over 18 with these new irons it 's the very first time i 've broke 100 since starting golf 8 months ago .
i was having a tough time hitting greens in reg with my weird old hand me down clubs and i was hitting these easily an extra 20 or 30 metres .
they do what they like and mind their own business and you make friends with one by avoiding too much eye contact and letting them warm up to you at their own pace .
maybe one day they will even let you pet them .
in the previous node system the deeper in enemy territory the more suppliesx they supplied .
most dont even built them and thats because theres no tutorial .
so here i am rank 299 and i build nodes first thing every game in the hq furthest from the closest point
edit can you imagine trying to tell people to build nodes after you just capped the mid point ?
thats why you build nodes in hq if youre smart .
ahhh ok i 'll consider this i 've only got one night booked in a hostel so far so i 'll see how it goes and make my way to pokhara when i want to
it 's all very entertaining for someone unfortunately if you have children the cycle repeats
this happened to me kinda in an avalugg massive mass outbreak where it started scaling a tree and just rammed right into me and knocked me over lmao
i agree with the first comment on the original post .
a lot of what i 've learnt is from people arguining online lol .
there 's not a lot of resources to look up to in india with regards to healthy relationships and boundaries how badly patriarchy affects women it was so subtle i had n't noticed it until it was pointed out
a lot of people i know including men were not raised in homes where we were taught healthy relationships and boundaries .
i had to learn it online and seeing it in an argument format makes it easier to decide which opinion you side with more .
it 's not the best way but there really is n't much of an option .
i feel like 4 and 5 are the most album worthy ones but yeah 6 looks like an anti war album
you are not just insane you are schizophrenic and delirious
and all this time i thought it was internet clown possums .
it can get overwelming for someone to meet all these new people at once..
i do n't really dig his music or anything remotely of that genre .
a recent gruesome video you may 've seen of a korean ?
band performing when an overhead led screen collapses onto a band member 's head on stage ...
i believe brain burst was the term used to describe the trauma with the victim having been in a coma and unlikely to recover .
anker wireless charger with power adapter powerwave ii stand qi-certified 15w max fast wireless charging stand for iphone se 11 11 pro xs xs max xr x 8 galaxy s10 s9 note 10 note 9 more https amzn.eu/d/bosgser
my best guess is because the show is set in the very early 2000s when people thought it was way worse than it is
you may take a chill snake '' out to a calm place like a garden or park but a club or even a store or a busy street can be very dangerous and stressful to the animal .
not only can they get scared and may strike due to loud noises or sudden movements they may also poop and pee or even musk on you and bystanders which could result in a hefty cleaning fee .
snakes can get very sick and even die from exposure to high stress .
even ambassador animals have frequent pauses between their shows and are generally only exposed to many people for short periods of time and in well controlled settings .
also snakes are exothermal and need to be able to move freely in an appropriate environment in order to thermo-regulate .
clubs and even just normal summer days can be way to warm for a snake and they can die of heatstroke within under an hour of exposure .
first seen here https redd.it/vomv81 on 2022-07-01 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' wbtz5x '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=wbtz5x samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
i have basically the reverse green striped skirt and fluffy pink unhooded hoodie
picked up smoking at a very very young age switched to vaping never gave a fuck to give up vaping as it 's affordable gives me an excuse to get some fresh air during breaks or when out hitting bars and keeps me occupied when doing tasks .
not an addiction i want to give up much like how people dont want to give up caffeine .
sense i quit smoking i have n't been coughing no more mucus or flem can run and keep my stamina again etc .
i see no need to give up if im happy doing it 🤷‍♂️
my physical health has only increaed back to what it originally was and i see no reason to quit i like my nicotine and vaping seems to have this bad stigma because bullshit articles get shared because jimmy from fuckin alabama vaped his friends homemade jizz juice and developed stage 3 cancer so all vaping must be horrible .
ya i did n't know too but turns out bhang is just weed edibles lol
lot is not hb version which is the version i want
brazilian urbanites child here is money for the eggs and here is a knife to defend yourself if you do n't come back in 20 minutes i 'll go looking for you and you 'll be grounded
you look like if beaker from the muppets was hiding from the cops for selling meth and created a terrible disguise in the process .
and like i said they absolutely can do better .
but ya 'll act like this is the only new feature '' this year .
this is just a tiny bit i picked out of the gameplay pitch notes .
i did n't even mention cpu changes which are bigger and that is still before cm pitch notes even came out .
of course they could but do n't forget that during that transition cm also became secondary if not lower mode .
and arguably now it 's prioritized more than in fifa 19-20 .
we are working to get our submitters verified and we have determined
your account is brand new or you are not verified .
your content has been removed until this is resolved .
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asianchicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i understand what you mean now i apologize for my original misinterpretation .
i can understand why such emotions would surge in a time and environment such like that .
trendy aka they 'll regret it in 3-6 years then they 'll ahit their pants when they learn it costs 6-10k for a decent paint job then they 'll ahit thwir pants again wjen they learn that trendy coloured cars lose more resale value value than their non-trendy peers
any good advice on how to get out of the tailspin ?
i got it from my previous boss this was the laptop he gave me to work on it but after he fired me for no reason and he told me that he will not pay me all of my money i kept his laptop in exchange xd
and yes i know there is a key combo for this but if i remember right i 've already done this and there was't anything about fans .
well i think your point that in the end the factions made an alliance is far too generous .
i would say at best there was a compromise .
paul seemed to back down on some of his views but for the most part his view won out .
i think given that the proto-orthodox churches split completely from their jewish roots quite early on is a key to this .
the remaining ebionites remained as torah observant jews in judea but they had a much harder time winning either jewish or gentile converts so they eventually dwindled into obscurity .
acts is just a whitewashing the narrative starts with the jewish apostles preaching to a jewish audience and switches to a hellenic jew paul preaching to greeks across the roman world .
it 's a propaganda narrative aimed at displaying unity in the church creating a mythology to explain the centrality of paul 's apostleship .
i certainly do n't think jesus or his immediate followers would agree with it 's purpose .
and this is me in bed after waking up from the lord of the house begging for food seeing my magic system as a writing prompt..
got ta say i thought it was a very original idea that no one would ever think of lol i mean the base idea anyway about the amount of people on earth causing magic to be spread too thin anyway not the rest .
funny how an idea that pops in your head can also pop into the head of a human in another part of the world at another point in time too lol and as i see from another post we are n't the only ones with the idea mind bending lol .
or maybe it 's because i 've only slept 2 hours so far lol..anyway back to sleep !
the spirit was absolutely delivered and we have one of the most powerful devolved parliaments in the world .
no it does n't and this thread is about an actual comment where a possible pm categorically states that the scottish parliament can have powers removed .
if the sewel convention is n't formalised then the vow has n't been met .
only post here once every 10 minutes due to an increased amount of spam on the
impatiently waiting for the app to update ! ! !
does it have anything to do with mayim and jeopardy ?
akasha said that alucard is a life force that can destroy the world touhou fouhai said that tsukune can bring catastrophe to the world like alucard did akua wanted to be like alucard so that she could have the world gyokuro said that 200 year ago the three dark lords were losing against alucard and found that his power is too greater and can destroy the world so akasha had to seal herself with him
hey come on you have to confidence to dm me your self ouo b
if you don‘t care about gaining anything why do you care about losing anything !
the fact that there is even audio referring to it makes me want to see what it looks like even more
yeah both her voice lines and voice acting are way better in league
nu sunt op dar du-te noaptea prin capitalele nordice si fa o comparație .
why does everyone keep saying it 's damiyah stans.its black twitter not damiyah stans those 2 things are n't the same thing .
i 'm also in some of the damiyah communities and no one has vim for paige in fact they actually hate this paige/dami agenda and do n't mind their friendship .
hell my soon-to-be mortgage will be less each month than my rent ...
yeah but you ca n't just take someone 's word for it at the end of the day dealers are in it for the money and they do n't really care if their stuff is the dose that they state
the one that really hurts is abandoning the black arrow program
i 'm a psychologist and have to say that therapist is totally out of line unless your daughter ca n't care for herself which i suspect is not the case since she navigates work and school that therapist is fostering dependency .
also a 19yo can have a therapist that you do n't consult with at all actually .
she 's an adult and the therapist should n't be speaking to you unless a release was signed once she turned 18yo .
please go on vacation it 's normal to feel mom guilt about things but you ca n't pour from an empty cup and a paid vacation sounds great after the what sounds like rough year you 've had .
she may meet some friends out of a need for interaction that your absence provides !
the real question is why are you having this conversation on reddit
does any one else reckon browny pronounces off '' as awff '' ?
imagine an rpg but all the characters are romancable and it 's all super wholesome .
on that basis then you will be able to find proven examples where this is an issue .
you solicitor/mortgage broker will also be able to back this up .
someone will need to buy out that lease for £7k before you can mortgage the property because the sellers do not own the panels and the house can not be sold if it 's not whole .
either agree a reduction in sale value of £7k with the vendor or they agree to pay it off before exchange .
if they do the latter you will want proof it happened .
if they refuse to these terms then you need to walk away .
as for the boiler etc that 's a choice on your part of you 'd be happy with the installation .
and you ca n't use it to mass like/dislike songs which would really only be useful with scroll to select/shift click or a select all .
exactly what i thought ... like yes the chat update is absolute garbage but you could at least try to spread awareness in a better way than making images that look like they would be on a 9 year old 's shirt
it 's so telling that every other comment here is threatening suicide if women do n't stop reporting incidents of sexual assault and rape .
yezzir been training on and off since the age of 16 .
i just wish i was more consistent but sadly other things are sometimes more important .
it 's widely known that putting uncommon abbreviations in post titles is a shit thing to do .
i grab your butt groping it a bit lightly spanking you once before i line myself up and push the tip inside .
that is worthy of finishing 9th type of defence right there .
would really make fun of it if only you had one
if you have a lenovo legion 7 series with rtx3 series you 're good to go
it may be better to spend money elsewhere or it may be a great selling point .
but i 'd assume you 'd def want more than a ‘storage space ' to add that ‘lifestyle ' value .
wenn die bedingungen für genügend malermeister so schlecht werden dass diese massenweise hinschmeißen und ihre betriebe schließen gibt es früher oder später in bestimmten regionen keine malermeister mehr die noch gesellen beschäftigen und angebote für malerarbeiten abgeben wollen .
do n't you have a placement office of your uni ?
try looking it up and you might get some good opportunity !
i have recently worked in womens health and the number of complications they face from internal organs is just crazy .
i literally do this every single morning and whip out coc
tbf i think you could get what you wanted from just reading all of the many posts over the last month .
its all ultimately up to mhy and what they decide to do and i do n't think they care too much about opinions on this subreddit but rather the priorities of what people want for the game in china at the end of the day .
i would n't mind more skin tones but i also think we need more body types .
we 've kinda reached the point where its just costume changes on what we already have for the 15th time .
the most fucked up part is this makes sense and it should n't .
at my ait a trainee fucked 4 high ranking officers .
high enough the commander made a deal with her to be transparent about what happened and with who .
and she graduated on time with the class and was not reprimanded almost like they swept it under the rug .
my friend seems to have decent luck on facebook dating .
he 's not a virgin but he 's 5'5 chubby and balding .
the reporter wearing airpod maxs is the stupidest thing i 've seen .
not to pry and if u dont mind me asking how much did u pay ?
she 's not an acquaintance man she 's a stranger who you 've spoken to .
yeah it 's creepy she obviously feels safe and appreciate you 're just trying to do the right thing but definitely not worth the hassle if she catches you .
my late father-in-law had a gray cat named ... you guessed it gray cat .
please comment on this post with the type of comments you would like to receive .
such as positive degrading nondegrading weight shaming requests etc .
you can also state how extreme you would like it such as soft harsh extreme .
please follow reddit tos and the rules of r/misognysticlife .
for example if you do not want degrading comments but want name calling you should comment with nondegrading name calling ''
report any comment that does not match the rules that op has stated
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/misogynisticlife if you have any questions or concerns .
oh now i see this video in higher brightness i see that
and why you will care about jin ... it 's because magic is like an exchange between the sorcerer and the jin
just because islam pretends things about other religions does n't mean it 's true .
i 've heard christians claim that allah is a desert demon and muslims are demon worshipers .
their pretend claim is no more or less valid than your pretend claim about witches .
you obviously do n't know anything about magic so you should n't assume you do .
witchcraft is the oldest religion by far and has survived more attempts to wipe it out than any other religion .
maybe you should stop listening to your upstart religion and start listening to something deeper .
i think you are doing role play and play to be a witch bu t even this is already a big sin .
pretty big words from a person that 's part of a religion of wanna-be jew-knockoffs that could n't even come up with its own creation myth .
muslims and chrsitians just like to pretend we 're not there because we 're older and we have n't gone away despite their respective attempts to destroy us .
we 're still here we 're older than you and a lot more real than you can comprehend .
the words and this word is curse everything in it is curse
yes and as a witch i 'm not a fan of curses .
despite all the curses quaran islam and muslims have thrown at me over the years i 'm unaffected .
considering allah ca n't even get past a simple helm of awe rune he 's not that impressive of a god .
if it was n't for his number of follows i would n't even consider him on par with a demigod .
there 's nothing you can do to change their mind and the more you try the more stubbornly they will keep their mind made up https effectiviology.com/backfire-effect-facts-dont-change-minds .
all you can do is chalk them up as lost at least politically and hope maybe they figure things out on their own .
i have for my son 's rig same case aio and corsair vengeance rgb pro .
when it was a hyper 212 black air one stick was as close to touching as you can get without actually making contact .
i 'm from holland is n't that vierd i have austin power 's faushia
i used to believe reagan was for the people .
i 'd probably vote for the pink purple party in both north and south italy
mommy has sexy back muscles and can make my cock feel so good riding it .
i think i 'm gon na get energy commander and tr-02 commander of stars from transform and rollout gon na have a floating shelf of unicron trilogy primes .
you sound a bit of a prick post the image so we can all laugh at it .
hi no-philosopher-6895 please remember that r/manhands is a safe for work subreddit so explicit content is not allowed .
remember to tag your submission as nsfw if you show more than your hand or you will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/manhands if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean think about it even if it 's good it 's still gon na sit in a car for 20 mins before you eat it .
i usually get stuff like subway or kfc delivered call me lazy but i am
you got with me with this one damn i already wanted to grab a cold fresh beer from the fridge and watch the episode .
you better make one now before i forgot my manners and send you to vietnam .
which is probably not that bad because the war is over you 'd have a nice holiday there .
i think the most symbolic meaningful is what matters to you .
what makes you feel strong or resilient or safe protected ?
maybe it 's a lion or a sword or shield or something else entirely .
the other thing that comes to mind is the pinwheels for prevention campaign .
you could look into that and see if it speaks to you .
i sometimes wan na pull my hair out trying to reach masters especially since i do n't play hard carry mons
gender reveals are almost as stupid as that awful voiceover but i still love this video .
you 've got 4 times the processing power of my computer and mine plays it fine .
at first i thought he was in a prison jump suit ! !
russia wants to be a big power but this war proved that they are not so they resort to sick brutality .
no bro do n't tame anything that is n't 140 💀 you really should only tame 150 and maybe 145 but starting out 140 is sometimes ok
i have long hair because i ca n't be asked to go get it cut also i look a bit like curt cobain
i second these though some gas stations charge a lot for gummies .
i would add dollar general and five below to this list !
the opposite of how it 's pictured in your first shot .
crush washers are awful and i highly recommend using thin shims or washers with loctite
i loved lots of songs on tak but a lot was filler .
songs like supernatural demon time and mp5 are some of the best songs he 's ever made
pretty sure my country still charges males higher premiums is in eu for car insurance .
really irks me to be paying that much more than my sister just because i 'm a guy .
i 've never driven my car like a maniac and insurance companies should n't get to assume that i will based on my gender .
they 're playing a ton of songs they played at the last raleigh show in 2018
i had an athlon x64 x2 back in the day .
i still like to think half the reason he broke the contract was because he could n't handle all the hot guys around .
dredg el cielo about a salvador dali painting/sleep paralysis .
i have a little bit of black heads on my nose but the issue is probably my neck .
i have some pimples around my neck from leaving my face unshaved for a day .
im still working out what technique for shaving is better for my skin which i think is the problem .
an option classic mode is added to disable the shuffling system
if it 's not an option it might be what auto does .
it could be of course but it just also could be problem with finding lifepath for yourself in general .
people with bpd have certain similarities like auto-destructive inclinations very emotional bonding to different things people situations overreacting etc .
u and v are almost identical in a lot of traditional english writing .
w still looks like two cursive u 's even in modern script
also you pointed out that his advice was terrible and that was useful insight right there .
firmer in their conviction for a woman 's right to choose .
you know that means they 're supportive of abortion right ?
a lot of country hve consumer laws that drive up prices because companies are forced to care about their clients
showing them the hand brake trick would blow their mind .
it 's a decent idea honestly the only way to really deal with the cartels since they are better equipped than even the military which is infested with cartel members .
as far as jamming calls it fucks civilians sure but not a huge deal for the cartels .
those guys are n't stupid and they are well equipped .
they still use landlines and if for some reason they lose contact with their guys they just assume the worst and send the calvary anyways .
in the video he says his caw wo n't be ready .
so he 's racing the truck for the first few episodes .
i stole this from facebook and i cropped it .
the pain i had to go through seeing how many times it was screen recorded without being cropped before me .
could n't find the original video otherwise i would 've used that
the resolution of your image does not fall under a desktop monitor resolution a list of these is available on the wiki r/wallpaper/wiki/resolutions .
r/wallpaper requires an exact horizontal desktop resolution simply having an appropriate aspect ratio like 16:9 or 16:10 is not good enough !
if you believe this resolution should be accepted please message the mods message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwallpaper .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallpaper if you have any questions or concerns .
how much glass and thorns have you encountered that you have been scarred so badly ?
have you heard about tubeless tires with sealant that seals up little tiny holes ?
there was once i couldnt ride a few miles without getting a flat .
i found that a bad rim would cause my rim tape to shift and then the spoke holes would pop the tire .
i ended up getting new wheels to fix that .
i do n't hold or buy anything on a centralized exchange if i do n't have to .
but it 's your money do what you want with it .
i was born in the 90s and my dad did not teach me his native language growing up bc according to him he wanted to assimilate and leave behind the troubles he faced in his country .
even though i wish i could speak his language i understand his emotional reasoning .
i 'm sharing this to say that this is still a thing ! !
i 'm betting the police/people wo n't do anything when a women hits a guy
but when a guy hits a women the whole world is defending the woman
happy birthday to you shadowembracer may it be a fantastic one .
you can see the sun light coming from the surface
i plan on taking a trip back there to visit my grandparents
psycho pass 3 seasons 41 episodes in total movies .
psycho-pass sinners of the system case 1 tsumi to bachi 2019
psycho-pass sinners of the system case 2 first guardian 2019
psycho-pass sinners of the system case 3 onshuu no kanatai ni 2019
prayers for you my friend keep your head up 🙏🏼
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
yeh certainly property is more hands on both for tax and day to day management than what shares are .
so u need to ask urself what your time is worth really .
in terms of where to find information google is your friend there as is the ato website for that side of things .
or you could also just do what hong kong does which costs tax payers nothing because it 's profitable .
it 's also considered a world class public transport system .
a local nursery has parasitica splash in 4in pots for 17 .
lmk if you 'd like me to snag one for you and ship it .
ms and sony became too broke to get streaming rights for those game
what 's a hugo boss fragrence that has a sweet vibe ?
we have 3 heart worm dogs at my shelter .
one just went out to a foster and we are so so so grateful for them !
you 're obviously much more well-informed than i am .
not headcanon it 's called not taking a characters word at face value .
aiui it 's more common that a demonstrative article not appear before a person 's name since names are already in a sense definite .
if a language does start using articles with names it 's often though not always for a reason like
determiners already carry a lot of the nominal inflection in that language .
another example is modern french where sound changes eroded most of the nominal number and gender markers in old french meaning that even if the spelling tells you the gender and number the article is often the only way you can hear it in speech .
this happened in seri where articles come after names e.g .
he hezitmísoj quij ano moca ha i 'm coming from hermosillo '' maría quih trooqui eexl quij the car that maría bought '' in these examples the articles came from quiij the one sitting '' and the one located s.p .
the articles came from personal pronouns that were used for emphasis or familiarity .
they pull this type of shit constantly and if there 's one thing they 're worse at than preventing or investigating crimes it 's holding themselves accountable for anything ever .
it 's pretty easy to make a printed circuit board that connects other through-hole breakout boards .
it 's a bit icky there will be lots of redundant parts since many breakout boards include their own pull-up resistors or voltage regulators .
but if you want solid reliable connections between parts or if you 're going to make several of the things this is a lot easier for most people than doing surface mount design and soldering .
i would n't ship a product built this way but it 's fine for hobby personal use .
honestly they all pretty much suck none of them follow user interface guidelines for the os they run on .
but if you follow a good tutorial sparkfun has some you can probably crank out your first board in just a few hours .
the open source crowd will want you to use kicad https www.kicad.org ... eagle http eagle.autodesk.com is likely just a tad easier it has a built-in autorouter that will work acceptably for simple boards kicad does not .
kicad is totally free eagle is a commercial product which is free for very limited use and it nags you to create an account and login to use it .
there are also web-based pcb layout programs some pcb manufacturers offer them .
the advantage of kicad and eagle is that almost all pcb manufacturers can accept files from them .
i usually use oshpark https oshpark.com for small runs of small boards ...
i also live near them so free shipping gets me boards a day after they 're done with them .
but there are lots of options depending on how easy they are to use how much they cost and how fast they are .
for example here 's a simple board i made by remixing an open source eval board with a wemos d1 mini breakout board https oshpark.com/shared_projects/ed3bv9yy .
there are definitely many other cheaper pcb makers so do n't let the price put you off the learning curve for eagle or kicad may though .
this is exactly how i use them and it works really well for me .
i hear you there my flamer was n't cheap either lol but i hear you on the value aswell ill try to attain another decent legacy to add and try try again until i get one .
for those that want to watch trucks getting hit by a canopener all day
such a pretty smile on such a beautiful woman !
i 'm a mke expat and ca n't explain how much i miss cousins subs
there is a job posted right now on the city of winnipeg site wading pool attendant .
if you understand some of the nuance you might even have a new favourite movie
someone posted a link to a food science blog stating that exact same thing which i did n't know !
go to sar ko and you can see ducks and a snapping turtle .
that first few seconds looks like the dj is inspecting eiko boobs truly miss understanding
lmao you got the nerve to talk about someone leaving high school .
hit the nail on the head right here ... fame can lead to so many windfalls having nothing to do with the reason they even got famous .
and they 've been so good at reeling in his worst impulses before .
say it really fast and listen to what happens to the ㅂ sound
it 's crazy how they could have just like given jon gray or carlos rodon 60 million dollars last off-season to shore up the obviously thin rotation but instead they blew up the farm for a deadline trade .
used to commute a long way to go to st. john cantius in chicago .
okay but there is no such thing as smurfing in casual .
that 's why you get matched against people 300 mmr lower .
the concept of rank is gone which is what makes it fun for people .
if you 're getting smashed or do n't like who you 're playing ff .
you ca n't expect to get matched against players your rank in casual that 's what comp is for .
it does n't help thy becky 's gear is messed up .
i feel like if it was n't falling down on her legs it would be fine
but if he does post them you 'll let us know where right ?
just so we can make sure to never go to that website .
or maybe it 's best you just give the whole url .
i might have to be on that website for other reasons and then i 'd know what particular link not to click .
once i finally watch it i 'll be hugging google after trying to understand it .
much like i did with i 'm thinking of ending things when i finished it i thought it was weird i did n't understand it and i recognized that but thought it was decent .
once i hugged google it made me understand and appreciate it more .
we can finger paint tell stories play games ooh its gon na be so fun ! !
the sun animatronic had very human-like movement and lots of emotion almost.
i mean i 'm just saying if she 's sends you the money there 's nothing stopping you from you buying the accessories and labeling it from his mother .
i told you i did n't want it to be a joint gift but since you were struggling i figured i 'd take care of shopping for you
i 'm not disagreeing with you his offensive recruiting has been better .
i would love it if someone compared the rankings of day 's offensive and defensive commitments .
one thing i will point out is there has been much more assistant coach continuity and much less turnover on the offensive side of the ball since day took over .
larry johnson is the only defensive staff member still left from our 2019 defense .
if shindo is not nakagame bf imagine shindo teaching all the little shit stuff he knows and he just like teasing this cinnamon roll self claimed by the fans .
the idea is quirkless izuku that wants heroism just to spite and wants to become influencer of how to fight back and use every resource you think meets this ungrateful asshole .
so slap some sense and shinso does n't have to go uwu villain quirk and retain his snarky but still hold soft side to izuku .
kind of like from apathy but too bad apathy is one sided shin deku
i never said it was just memory erasure ur just not listening
i read 'russia says it has invited u.n. red cross experts to jail deaths '
no offence but a dummies guide to chemistry '' sounds like the start of many accidents .
in the whole history of dokkan it 's the best unit to ever be this unit
no body 's gon na talk about how they have a fucking regeaton album on the canvas and ca n't or pay their fighters .
ufc is forgetting about everything and trying to enter the younger market as much as they can
nope it 's a summon itself but it 's easily the strongest and most ridiculous if they have n't nerfed it so you probably would n't need another lol
yeah honestly that 's my full head cannon up to the headmaster part i see him just being the dada teacher after his kids graduate their stipulation to him working at hogwarts 😂 i do love the idea of in the hpcu george running up after harry becomes headmaster or mom and going harrydidjaputyournameintheballotbox ? !
forget their christian heaven where i 'm going there are beer volcanoes .
after a cursory search you can get a complete replacement hinge/bezel replacement and lcd replacement assuming the lcd has any damage from the hinge break for between 200 300 usd depending on how you buy .
more like how could they possibly justify moving away from this game model even if they seriously wanted to ? ''
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
they 're supposed to but evidently whatnot is n't very strict on it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/theyoushow if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree but adding bullpen depth by moving him there is valid too .
point is we have options and that 's really good
so there 's sloppy seconds but what is is called when you 're number 40 ?
it might be like throwing a hotdog down a hallway ...
my mom i live with her since rent is awful where i live .
i do actually take the time to explain it to the ones that are genuinely interested in understanding why its happening .
even with the ones that are unnecessarily rude i attempt to but they never actually want to listen and understand and would rather get mad about it .
that 's the whole point of me asking for everyone 's opinion how do i get through to the ones that assume im basically out to get them without sounding like a dick .
so i ordered duplicates 2 of 4 of these scents not all pictured and bri missed that they were duplicates .
i 'm only mentioning it because the interaction that follows proves that bri really cares about customer satisfaction and i was honestly impressed .
once i let her know she was extremely apologetic and immediately said she would ship them out the next day .
she also asked what extra scent i would like i could n't decide between two of them and told her to choose .
she sent both plus the 4 that were forgotten plus a 3rd extra she picked out herself .
so far i 'm enjoying all of them and even loving a few .
pictured not in order of the photo carrot cake ice cream midori scallywag neuschwanstein koloa tarot boba tea and horchata .
freebies han lali ube malasada hope the addition of this one touched my heart as it 's an alcohol recovery charity scent and i have struggled with it personally .
and the screw top freebies that came with the first order sweet bee and kirschenplotzer .
the first order was placed july 20th received july 25th .
messaged her about the missing items the 26th and the second order shipped july 27th and was received today july 30th .
i was planning on giving impressions once these have cooled off a bit had a little rest .
probably sometime tomorrow if anyone is curious about my initial impressions on any of these scents .
i do n't quite know the proper lingo and ca n't always identify notes in perfumes but these more linear scents are a little easier .
first pic is the 1st package followed by the second .
next i think i will try a few more including milk shaka and possibly filthy femme lust pink cumulus and steam queen .
i purchased scallywag for my partner though and i really like it .
good possibility i 'll full size that one and maybe a couple others .
i 'll give it a go it only happened after i baked it the first time .
before that was laggy of course but his hair did n't explode for just one frame .
each frame took around 1 minute 30 to come out but that one from took 1 hour 50 minutes
been playing for years and have never crashed zoning .
pulling the sony folder out of my programs folder fixed that .
the only time i crash now is if i alt tab out of p99 any time before my character loads in it or if i sit on the character select screen for a few minutes it always crashes when i pick a toon .
just write already on file '' or no change in condition from previous visit '' if they have it on file already .
thats what i do for my yearly respiratory physical for work and its never been an issue .
well as an update talked with the manager of the tire center and he said to get the wheels repaired and bring in the receipts and i 'll be refunded for the repairs to the wheels and side skirt .
i already did the mpn and stuff last year do i need to do it again ?
i 'm curious why you think the ultimate community is the worst ?
regardless unintended broken movement glitches are not a great way to make characters viable and since this game is an actively updated modern game instead of a gamecube release let 's hope the devs rely on balance changes to make characters viable instead .
you been dick riding all the hosts on every reddit post you got to get a life shawty go suck some dick or something
landlords and tenants go through the same long expensive process to force the other party to do things .
the difference is that since landlords are making money and tenants are spending money landlords are almost always able to out spend tenants in these disputes .
many of these laws are to try and introduce more spending parity between landlords and tenants .
so that tenants are not forced to live with horrific landlords simply because they can not afford to fight the legal battles to force the landlords hand .
i hope that these laws are not targeting you .
rather they 're targeting the x of landlords that will refuse to keep properties in reasonable conditions unless the tenants force them to by legal action .
then why have all different species on the ship ? ... other species speak different languages and they are still understood
cus the races working on this ship picked to be under a human captain .
while humans on an other ship picked to be under a xx race captain
like how every person has its own plus and minus points .
we are just watching the more human focused part of it .
makeup specifically countouring of some kind and she is probably sucking in her cheeks a little .
of course she wo n't look like she normally does .
this is a reminder for people not to post political posts as mentioned in stickied post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rareinsults if you have any questions or concerns .
i just now thought about how many shark cards are gon na be shoved at me
you made me think of all those old porn sites with links on the side that had ‘sister sites ' that were also porn sites and not just full of sister porn and then pornhub became a thing and those links stopped needing to be there but i just now realize where they got ‘hub ' in their name from .
like i thought they were popular like a metro hub but i guess the idea was moreso marketing/branding to become popular
yes i forced myself to throw the cup away into the dumpster .
so what 's the point of being one if i do n't have one anymore .
nah ur the one who is obviously triggered bozo keep justifying the romanticism of abusive behaviours i 'm sure abusive victims love that for u 💕
three cables from mast to computer box plus the water cooling tube one power cable and one data cable from computer box to battery in case you were wondering .
not as plug and play as waydoo or fliteboard but probably less than an extra minute to set up
yeah i agree with that it 's just censored porn with a lame punchline .
he 's one of the single most recognized jeopardy players of all time .
if you know about jeopardy you know who ken jennings is .
he is the only current host with the most experience to host jeopardy .
mayim should continue working in neuroscience and leave jeopardy to the professional jeopardy players .
i 've been using 'nitro wood ' for a week and so far it 's had zero effect on me .
for all i know the capsules are filled with sawdust and dirt decent vitamins have worked better .
and it still sounds like you have an uncomfortable bed regardless .
just odd to try to blame that on the guest .
more like the 507k but with rear glass to make it closed .
also supposed to have solar on the mrs version .
they ca n't really project any military force beyond their backyard though .
the odds of china landing troops on american soil are about a billion to one .
look up tilda swinton cate blanchett and tess thompson pics for women in suits inspiration .
his legs will barely allow him to play for barça world cup ?
i will be messaging you in 2 days on 2022-08-02 00:22:50 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2022-08-02 2000:22:50 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https www.reddit.com/r/gnv/comments/wc8iv7/gru_meter_readings_please_help/iibm1yd ? context=3
1 others clicked this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fgnv 2fcomments 2fwc8iv7 2fgru_meter_readings_please_help 2fiibm1yd 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202022-08-02 2000 3a22 3a50 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
the mythical tale of eop ... it 's true !
luckily my university allows both fda and who approved vaccines so i technically had about a dozen options but realistically only pfizer moderna j j and nova since i am in the us .
i was tempted to go the medical exemption route but i have been doing that for the last year and it is so tiring and i just wanted to get this stupid requirement over with so i can get on with my life .
hopefully it will be the last time i ever need a covid shot .
that 's great that your reaction was so mild !
hopefully it goes well for your husband as well .
if he had the same poor reaction to mrna than i did then this is definitely his best option .
i have an s10 and i ca n't see the point in sticking with flagships either .
if i had to replace my current one i 'd probably go with a mid-tier oppo since their cameras look pretty decent .
auralyn do n't listen to them because how i see your name is it 's going straight to my adorable names '' list
i see two doggos i pet two doggos if they 're standing there wagging for attention .
if you can watch this message and not cry i do n't understand at all .
honestly no matter how attractive you may be we are at work and the majority of us actually need our job so we are n't going into any app with personal data .
apples have diagnostic mode and samsungs have a hidden diagnostic in the dialer .
0 can test most of the phone functions if gspn is being gspn or there are diagnostics in the samsung members app if the shop do n't have something like mce to fall back on .
but mce requires dev mode and a temp installation of the app to the phone
the devices at work in this series of sentences are quite plentiful ...
there 's no talk of being bothered or not liking transgender people out of anger .
replies like these really make me wonder what the original comment was lmao
i do but it do n't do very well hen it get 's so hot .
he had masturbated 5 times a week since he started in his teens now 20 years later .
but he decided to quit we have intimacy at least 5 times a week and he thought it would be a good idea to try .
in fact he always could go as long as he wanted basically .
but damn it is even harder and it was hard before .
and he seems to get more pleasure and feeling from things i do to him .
overall i think it has been a good decision for him us .
and i personally do n't masturbate at least have n't since with him for many years now .
he will please me whenever i want as i will him .
they also never know how to spell how reproduction works or where the clitoris is 0_0
my kiddo just declared his entrance as poop break time
tails already exposed your board we all know about 261
be sure to link your fansly account in the comments and check out our partnered sites !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fansly_girls if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it is important because for example i would n't think it is ok to kill a baby that bites me even if it violates some non aggression principle and human babies are far more intelligent than any bugs are .
i do n't think a bug has very much in the way of thoughts let alone thoughts about non aggression so idk if i would be able to hold it accountable similarly to how i would n't hold a baby accountable .
if something threatens my life that is one thing but most bugs that bite me likely wo n't do that .
his magic damage scales really well if i remember correctly .
we had to remove your recent post on r/dfwcasualencounters because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can review them in our subreddit 's sidebar on the right side of the screen .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f t and r for tagging gender .
make sure you 're not using w when you mean to use f or a when you mean to use r.
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 28/31 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/r4r please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdfwcasualencounters .
finally please make sure you read the complete rules and guidelines on the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dfwcasualencounters if you have any questions or concerns .
i actually really like the 13rds in the smaller mag size i 'm happy with both options .
that 's truly spot on what i was hoping .
i 'd say there 's room for a new souls-like sure .
every souls game has been an improvement over the previous ones in some way .
yes even ds2 game gets flack but it added much needed features like omni-directional rolling 4 rings instead of 2 and god damn respecs !
elden ring was a financial success but with room to improve mechanically .
it 'd be a crime if they did n't make a new one and take advantage of the chance to improve it .
he did n't really suck last year though he was more like okay or average
please comment on this post with the type of comments you would like to receive .
such as positive degrading nondegrading weight shaming requests ect .
you can also state how extreme you would like it such as soft harsh extreme .
for example if you do not want degrading comments but want name calling you should comment with nondegrading name calling ''
report any comment that does not match the rules that op has stated
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bodywriting if you have any questions or concerns .
i think that 's what it was in the matrix .
think it was just released a few years too late .
that 's a story that should pick up within the next 4-5yrs not damn near 30 .
if the portland/minnesota game were called like the first half of this one it would 've had at least five reds .
if the second half of this one were called like the first it would 've been 10 v. 10 for at least a bit .
still duke should 've recognized the ref 's soft calls and not gotten that second yellow .
other than that we 've said it all at this point johnny deserves better wtf peter etc ... .
as i said in the match thread at least some of the guys were visibly pissed off with how bad we are .
hopefully something . changes in the offseason and they come back ready to compete next season .
... ... ... ..we have so many players that just need to leave .
too lazy to write my story but not too lazy to comment
i do but i like those lips a lot more .
they spin so fast and just by touching the usb cable with motor rip-off deeply upto internal naked wire .
you little bitch go cry to your mommy you fucking 8 year old bitch
i 'm not from the uk but i remember the news around mark meechan and while his post was a tasteless joke .
what happened to him was absolute bullshit and a waste of resource that we 're not used to go after actual threats to safety .
unlike humpty dumpty 's fall this will only make more of them .
so sorry for your loss but congratulations on all your upcoming kids
i had no idea who she was before the show
in my opinion she makes the show soo much better .
i guess i should have asked what rolls do you have ?
i 'm loving the combo would much prefer to see it on the ground while you 're in front of me
move toward more private care is the only way since our governments clearly do not give sh ! t
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cute if you have any questions or concerns .
i give my asl short shifts on fridays and saturdays but thats because im covering the whole store from noon to close and i have a ga pop in the last four or three hours to help with the evening rushes .
you should n't be closing by yourself on a weekend .
good evening 47 your destination is wwe 's summerslam event hosted in nashville tennesse .
i found a signed copy of in the garden of beasts a few years ago !
i 've prob read devil in the white city '' five times .
my personal favorite perfume is laura merciers vanille gourmande . ''
it obviously smells like vanilla but in a grown up way .
prozac daily did wonders for my dog but it took a few months to start working well .
i love how you can kinda see how much cinnamon is in them the swirls came out nice !
the mechanics said that it was a 10 level task . ''
so the crew just decided to deadline it on their 5988s but the xo 's co 's and bc 's oers all needed top marks and that would n't happen if they were n't 100 on all pacing items .
so it 's been reported as fmc for 42 years which is so good for an airframe like that that the last two maintenance ncos actually got commendations from division headquarters for their excellent work maintaining helicopters so long that they actually saved the taxpayers money .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll wait for a sale should 've nabbed it during the summer sale awhile back .
or is this a map of the farthest house a restaurant in the center of the city has delivered to ?
similar to what he did with jimmy brian and mike .
continuing that vocal performance improvement from walkthrough and king and i
we 're on this channel to laugh a little am i wrong ?
i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make .
it was highly publicized when it was accidentally figured out .
i 'm sorry you did n't seem to be around when this happened but no amount of sass on your part will change that .
starstruck stay out of his terror radius when he 's picking up
haunted grounds leave it alone unless you know what it is ruin/toth/devour hope
iron maiden stay out of lockers easiest exposed perk to avoid
noed this perk shows the totem 's aura at end game once it 's active but you have to be within 4m first 30 seconds then expands to 24m
do n't forget he can also expose you by stalking you no tr and is looking at you try to break him out as soon as possible by seeing more than 30 of his character model
if she is lucky she will be given a merciful painless death by ainz .
she would need to be more lucky than ainz for that to happen !
wtf is wrong w you guys this is a obviously a fuckin kangaroo
the two face is a similar from china still looks good
i ca n't wait till we have some flare to talk about
i had quite a lot of friends in school upto 10th grade ... after that everything changed ... and yeah.. for quite a long time i would rarely have anyone and mostly no one to share anything with ... now i do have very few people ... 2/3 people..
i am kinda afraid that i might lose them very soon ... or right when we get into university ... like yesterday too ...
i really liked the movie a silent voice '' but then ... .i rarely had only one person to share it with ... that too not that deeply.. and i can relate with being the weird kid..
i was always weird ... from birth.. till now ...
very much ... i really appreciate your thoughts on it ... . god bless u and grant u really good lifelong friends☺️ .
i wonder how many queens who mention winning in their verses or reference winning in their final lip syncs i/e the big girl wins actually end up winning
they are said to get 1/5 of their protein from non plant sources .
i took mine by choice orally no one gave it to me or administered it .
some of those cars are unrated and sleepers in the right hands .
subies almost sound like a v8 from the boxer motor but i hear there unreliable when the power is turned up ?
i wan na go catless but i got ta be creative like a ecs cutout before the cat just to shoot flames 🤣🤣
aye but the map is huge and u can see ppl running around
i was at work when i saw this i had to start furiously masterbating .
everyone else gave me strange looks and were saying things like what the fuck and call the police .
i dropped my earphones and bluetooth turned off and everyone around me heard this sound .
now there is a whole office of men and women masterbating together at this one audio .
this is all your fault you could have prevented this if you had just tagged this post nsfw .
you may not like it but this is what peak performance look like
pm incoming i 'd like to dibs that hidden canyon copy .
under this section there is a 16 minute video explaining how cns works
the cns® system is the core netting allotting and fail-control engine of nscc .
within cns each security is netted to one position per participant with nscc as its central counterparty novation
i 've never gone into great detail trying to understand the nuances of ftds and i can tell from your comments in other posts that you are a bit of an expert .
i 'll accept your apology while rejecting it every movie you named in it just made me feel older ... .if you rip on gremlins that 'll be a problem .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
taught a dude when he was a senior in high school .
ten years later he played a high school junior in a series .
your photos are n't very clear and do n't show your face very well aside from the one .
you should be paid for your time any of it spent on work business anyway .
a lot of this stuff happens because it 's allowed not because it 's right or legal .
we 'll they 're not necessarily wrong in the sense that the batteries have to get their power from somewhere
unfortunately for someone with a gpa 3 it 's practically impossible
these wood chips are so soft when they fall yes damon wood chips are in fact soft come on super senior
it 's like anything else ... there 's branding and there 's quality .
you can find quality at what boils down to 5-10 a seed or you can pay 50 a seed for branding and get mediocre stuff .
not saying there is n't a correlating between cost and quality ... . just that you can find a diamond in the rough on the cheaper seeds ...
the reality is just about anyone can chuck pollen research the breeders .
see what they do and how long they 've done it .
there 's good old school breeders that are n't all that expensive .
and there some new school breeders that are well worth the price per seed .
whatever you do buy more than 1 and understand that growing from seed and getting an amazing plant is hit or miss .
she got elected on a 15 minimum wage platform ... how will we possibly survive this tyrant..
it only makes a difference on very few enemies like a 600 aku doge
first thing in the morning i went out for a ride and it was amazing
they loved osama because the saudi royals and many in the government loved him .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legs if you have any questions or concerns .
room dark turn on light room lit bad guy illuminated .
i dunno why but i feel like faux might be back 😕
so i have to pick up what 's happening through context clues !
it bans certain guns not doing away with 2a which you claim dems are trying to do .
so again you 're falling the republican bullshit propaganda .
funny you think republicans care more about rural and poor folk than dems when it 's clear democrats actually do especially with what some republicans did with them fist bumping about killing a bill that would 've helped veterans .
i know you operate on alternative facts but you could n't be more wrong .
dems absolutely give a shit where republicans do n't .
idk how you actually believe that but it could n't be further from the truth
i do n't think i can stop eating and drinking now so i think i 'll just keep getting fatter instead
i think people are complaining about the heat wave rather than the sun .
yes the sun does add to it but it 's mainly the high atmospheric pressure causing the increase in temperature 1 degree c increase for every 100 metre air is pushed downwards like a bike pump .
only installs graphic driver physx software and usb c driver .
go to apps and features and remove all unnecessary windows apps .
you mean to tell me you 've got your face painted like a goddamn frog person with no ulterior motive ?
there is a scanner map availble for my city and when there are rare spawns i have a blast going point to point by bike .
i also think is the best that the game can offer .
given the focus on exploration i also do n't understand why niantic has n't improved that part of the game now .
however campfire promise something similar so maybe there is light at the end of the tunnel ?
r/onlyfans101hotmombods is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101hotmombods if you have any questions or concerns .
if you care at all that jesus might not forgive you it 's not too late .
nope bro i have the same cpu and it handles my rtx 3060 damn well no doubt it can handle a 1060 hope u get the 6gb one tho
lmao you are so close you almost put the dots together .
the other went completely unranked and like you said nobody took either son .
so how is it that he 's rated much higher than jordans sons with both dad 's being identical in fame ?
🤔💭 maybe it 's because scouts have come to the consensus that he looks like he could be an okay nba player
all these solutions but the problem was he did not connect power cable for the monitor .
the two big ones are pronunciation and writing but the grammar is wonderfully simple .
it 's ridiculous for others to say of the sister that she 's a young woman who it 's unfair to have her entire life revolve around a child '' when op is only four years older and is being coerced into having her life revolve around her sister 's child .
and i can only imagine what poor lincoln must be going through and will continue to go through if this situation persists .
... and you want us to see this and do what now ?
and he did n't say he was battling a demon he insinuated he was possessed by a demon .
what started off as a sad day i 'm thankful and proud to be a zain-kun .
appreciate your oshi while you can i 'm happy to see our polka reach the 1 million mark .
so we are to believe ahmet nur çebi is a skilled businessman ?
they are selling a young actually very young by turkish standards generational talent that could be a regular starter for us this season and the backbone of the national team later .
he ca n't even buy necessary items like a treadmill with that money .
we do n't even have to sell every talent we have .
of course growing these guys and releasing them for free is n't ideal but if we gave him sth like 500k/year he would gladly accept and be an asset for years .
come on çebi find a very young turkish player that has big potential who can be a starter for us right now and do it with 4,5 m€ budget and then we will stop being provocateurs '' .
cmon sd all you got ta do is offer tatis machado musgrove your top 5 prospects and the naming rights to petco and it 's a done deal .
as.a dodger fan this seems like a totally fair trade to have to face soto 18 times per year for the next 10 years of my life .
when people talk about how depp could be an abuser it was 'metoo ' when people talk about how heard could be an abuser it is cyberbullying .
yeah but the way i see it you need me not the other way around .
a communist government would be one where the government takes everyone 's assets and redistributes them equally before ultimately dissolving itself .
and then everyone would live in a self-governing commune hence communism where everyone would fill a role and contribute toward the good of the whole .
in case anyone 's wondering no i do n't think it 's a good idea
i 'm longing for something like lsp-zero for the dap protocol .
other alternative is everything is getting replaced by fibre eventually
well you heard wrong this is the hop adjuster you pull it in or out to get the flattest bb trajectory for the weight if bb your using
also what makes you think there would be any difference between buying from a manufacturer dealership and the classic dealers we know today ?
chances are you 'd be paying the same or more if manufacturers had their own dealerships they would have little incentive to give you a discount if they know the next ford dealer in the area is owned by the same corp .
knowing the other ford dealer in the same area is owned by a different person who might be more hungry than you that is a incentive to give a customer a better deal .
right so say you own a mc donalds everyone knows that is a franchise business .
you open up your mc d and mc d corp of course helps you start the whole thing .
2-3 years later mc d corp open their own mc d next you and undercut you .
well they sell every single bun patty and other stuff you sell in your mc d and make a profit on the sale .
because in my ears it sounds like unfair market practices which is exactly why these laws came to be .
the government didnt mandate a dealerships existence they simply insured a more fair market so a private individual wouldnt go bankrupt because a brand like ford decides to undercut their own dealers for no reason other than greed .
we get a lot of spam in this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/product_design if you have any questions or concerns .
yes this was exactly what i meant and it 's amazing !
these things in life are hard and especially losing a child that was wanted .
this is clearly still very fresh trauma for her but abuse is abuse .
if she was being mean and aggressive the shear act of calling you shows intent then there is nothing wrong with setting boundaries for yourself .
i 'd approach her with empathy and understanding next time you see her .
she does n't need to involve herself in interactions she is n't really apart of .
thai food in los angeles is way better than sf by light years .
my family somehow got a famicom and that 's where i first played games .
we had super mario of course but one weird pick was we had the japanese version of track field .
my cousins and i would play against each other .
it involved a lot of mashing until our fingers locked up .
since it was in japanese we did n't really know if we were playing it properly .
what is it that you actually want to learn ?
your title says personal finance/economics but those two fields are only related at the most superficial level .
you later talk about psychology and marketing aspects of which can be related to the other two or each other but are not actually the same thing .
some broad advice the path to wealth is developing knowledge skill and connections within a field and leveraging those things towards further development of your career .
everything we do here on this sub budgets debt management investing retirement planning etc it all comes after that .
as a young person the absolute best thing you can be doing is figuring out what you are interested in and/or skilled in preferably both but either one is fine if you 're willing to put in the effort and figuring out 1 what aspects of that are useful enough for someone to pay you to do it and 2 what you will need to do to convince that person to pay you for it education apprenticeships portfolio development etc .
you have plenty of time to figure these things out ... and also plenty of time to decide that what you were doing is n't what you want and change it up .
nor is a plateau abnormal the reality is that most of life for everyone is a lot of hurry up and wait. much of this process involves making no externally obvious improvement and you will spend a great deal of time on a plateau .
thank you for your submission however it has been removed because it has been automatically determined to be breaking the following r/videos rule
if having read the rule in full https www.reddit.com/r/videos/wiki/rules wiki_rule_1_-_no_politics you believe that it does not apply to your video please click here https www.reddit.com/r/videos/wiki/automoderator/p/c11 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
rise is about on par with world and gen ult .
i 'm looking at getting a bike from their range soon .
have you had any problems with it at all ?
i 'd like less jubilee and more kurt too .
safety warning please read before clicking the above link !
you are about to leave reddit and enter a zoom video room .
any participant in the room including the host can record at any time without
if you do not feel comfortable in a room for any reason you
the mods and reddit are not responsible for the actions that take place in zoom
including those of the host not participating not having cam on etc .
do not notify mods regarding hosts who take actions that you do n't like unless
they are one of the banned actions such as drugs soliciting minors etc .
by clicking this post 's zoom link you agree to the above terms .
no link posting in the comments or you will be banned unless you are op
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayzoom if you have any questions or concerns .
here in australia the wild ones are usually green and yellow .
was n't the kgb involved in allende election in the first place ?
kgb orchestrated the splitting of the two right wing parties votes who together got 64 of the vote .
also how could you forget the stupid socialist economy of allende which caused the inflation of 600 in chile
this subreddit is a member of r/sellerfriendlynetwork which means content creators are not just welcome here but also allowed to do self-promotion as specified in the rules https www.reddit.com/r/sellerfriendlynetwork/comments/ktr0id/general_rules_for_posting_in_the .
this is the current list of subreddits be sure to check them out !
if you have n't done it yet go to r/imreal and follow the process explained there .
our verified members get perks like instant post approval fancy flairs and most importantly everybody will know you are a real person .
verification from r/imreal is valid across all subreddits from the r/sellerfriendlynetwork listed above so with a single step you become a trusted member of multiple communities .
verification is mandatory to mark your posts as oc original content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivetitsnass if you have any questions or concerns .
damn i had actually never seen the elevator story .
i mean at least he acknowledged me and my bro 😭 .
i will say though ... he did stop and talk to most of the team in the lobby .
he clearly was n't unliked at least on the surface
it 's like kremlin bots but on the other end of the spectrum ?
a co-worker once told me he wanted to suck the fart out of my ass
sometimes people take it way too far but for the most part our rivalries are just for fun .
you might veg harassed a little if you show up to the wrong place wearing the wrong jersey but even then it 's usually fairly good natured .
just politely say that you 'll call back on their main 0800 number and ask if they have a reference code you can quote when you call back .
oh so bringing becky and make bianca drop the title in a couple of seconds is better ?
why not enact it first to show people what it is .
if drafting history says anything it 'll be kasper .
yzermans first two picks were 1st and 4th in calder voting last year his 3rd was the best u20 dman in the shl and looks to be a stud .
if yzerman sees something i 'm gon na trust him
depends on your electricity and if you 're using the cpus for mining .
i 've only had bridals done so far but my bouquet looks great in them .
it 's been a lot of work to dye the flowers and put together the arrangements but so worth it .
maybe partisan activity or russian soldiers smoking next to an unsecured ammo box .
there 's a reason 75 of members wanted to keep shaw and no mps have challenged him .
yes what he 's been able to accomplish from a climate policy point of view is relatively weak .
but having a voice at the table and another three years of ministerial experience is going to be invaluable should the greens be in a position to form a coalition govt next year .
it 's potentially going to be the greens best ever chance of getting some actual policy wins removing shaw would be shooting themselves in the foot .
i am in warehouse and also worked my way up except for my salary pff
if we see this in the show then it might be .
i guess i do n't understand what you 're trying to say sorry !
i do try to keep my language pretty gender neutral boomlift instead of manlift craftsperson instead of craftsman .
maybe not totally necessary but it seems like a really easy thing to do with no downsides and maybe sometimes the upside of making someone who is n't a cis man feel less alienated in this cis male dominated industry .
i do n't know what you want anybody to tell you because by the looks of it you 're here to tell us .
i 'm so happy like fr i can not stop smiling since i finished the last ep and it 's been hours .
i have to admit tho the fluff in the last ep almost killed me ...
so im glad this seasons was done the way it was because could you imagine 10 eps of this fluff ?
id be dead fr deceased laying in the coffin waiting for someone to finally put me in the ground .
when he died i was more upset than i thought i would be .
the episode of 8 simple rules where they addressed it just broke me .
i grew up watching him on three 's company reruns and on the problem child movies .
if you mean the calorie counting app i use myfitnesspal .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/r4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/r4r is not a discussion forum except for metas .
here 's a convenient link for mobile users pm u/billiejean657 .
for more information see just pm them they know .
this action does not hide this post or affect its visibility or ranking in any way it is simply to prevent comments which are not appropriate .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
ops who wish to enable comments and accept low-effort responses may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
sentence 3 threw me in for a loop might wan na reread that op or am i just high ?
every battery after the second is you losing money .
my currently longest owned vehicle has gone through 4 batteries in the 15 years i 've had it .
i paid you 200 and so far you would have given 400 in product just on that one car and i never have to buy another battery .
that 's not even counting the fact that the battery is now 180 so each replacement costs you more than the last .
it ca n't right now but in theory it could be trained on those things and do a good job at it .
that 's the scariest thing about dall e to me the underlying learning method seems to have been proven effective and has broad application .
it 's just a question of data and compute power at this point .
if you fed an ai hundreds of millions of cad prints photo references and renders of projects i do n't see why it would n't be possible .
it would probably be even easier to make a feeder system where you input the technical data that is then processed and fed into an image ai to create renders .
never change the ball no matter how out of shape it gets ?
south dakota the only time i really lose traction in the winter is when i drive like an idiot on sheet ice or fully bottom out .
pretty much but in the end i think it was good decision from carlos .
they could have lost the win if perez overtook sainz quickly after restart .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
we clean it whole there is this water stopper '' i do n't know how to explain it but the one op showed in post
i just do n't really see how obsessing over a person could ever be positive .
the word has a pretty negative connotation as is .
because it will be a massive pain in the arse running the waste all the way across the kitchen back to the sink .
bruv i just saw the meme and got curious .
yeah maybe the caption name '' came out wrong .
a balanced control-based fighter that 's both hard to read and surprisingly mobile .
might not sound like windfall but it certainly feels like it .
this really does n't have anything to do with gender abolition as i or waush advocate for it .
also no progressive person would ever care where gender disphoria comes from whenever it 's mismatch of brain or hormones or something else nobody would become transphobic because they believe male and female brains are the same .
because i 'd like to be doing sbcs and apparently they 're single themed
possibly not but what we 're discussing is tenzin feeling responsibility to have kids after aang died .
if aang and tenzin died bumi would feel that pressure to continue their race .
we 're also cross racial extended family and people often look at them like they might kidnap me because they 're so much older and different in appearance
man 's actually been sat in front of his tv for an hour wondering when his picture 's gon na restart
the max was 25 or 26 back then i never focused only on leveling stuff .
i 'm still missing a bunch of zaws and kitguns and i 'm almost mr 29 now .
you have to consider breaks too it 's not my only game .
no you lose a man if they are both normal '' injuries for example .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
apparently a piece of carbon that he could n't avoid .
normally it evaporates but in this case it destroyed the left side of the floor .
i dont know i wish there was a painless and safe way
growing up i 'd just release in the toilet because i jerked off in the bathroom .
as i got older hand towels washcloths and tees became the catchers along with a few pieces of toilet paper or tissue paper folder up to strengthen them and make sure it did n't bleed through .
my initial guess would be either gang initiation or some kind of revenge '' or something stupid .
either way i hate that humanity 's latest trend is to stand back and watch rather than help a fellow man ... yet sadly helping generally leads to more problems than not so ...
it 's important to model the behaviors we hope our child will one day replicate.your il 's attitude speaks volumes of what they think of the waitstaff .
the catholic church ran many of the residential schools in both countries where indigenous children were taken from their homes families and cultures in the name of assimilation often facing abuse and very substandard living conditions .
the history is pretty similar to that of canada other than the us having a less centralized system with more different churches involved .
i know that the 100 is rounded up but nevertheless i 'm still happy to see the 100 on the map it 's so satisfying !
but this clearly is n't about helping in general it 's about the family being sexist and forcing the women to do all the work .
what more information do you need to make your judgement ?
it was scary i just thought that i 've had a better time with other series it just give off the energy i like to see with horror
if you are reporting a bug then please delete this post and place it in the pinned bug report thread .
hello games reads that post and may miss general bug reports just posted under the general bug '' flair .
please continue to post using this flair if you wish to discuss a bug or possible bug .
you can also report a bug directly to hello games at zen desk https hellogames.zendesk.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nomansskythegame if you have any questions or concerns .
posts and conversations about items like this can attract spambots !
when in doubt we recommend not clicking on random links and reporting them to mods instead .
i do n't know about y'all but i 'm pro-texit .
that state where i grew up i might add can do f itself .
so were they more outraged at the adultery or the pedophilia ?
it happened during a competition so indeed was fast shooting
look into any of the stable-coin/algo or gobtc-goeth/algo lp pools out there .
tinyman or algofi are pretty good places to start .
you can earn aeneas reward bonuses and that 's back by the algorand foundation .
usdc/algo can get you 28 on tinyman during this promotion .
the risk is pretty low except for il which would be due to the dropping price of algo .
you 'd suffer that same loss by just sitting on your algo in governance as well .
getting close to the point where i 'd sacrifice my soul to the devil just for jannik to hit an ace .
if i remember right the bomber in universe crashed when the bombs dropped .
still a 200 yr difference but it is a bit earlier .
hey dearie i think you might be undergoing ketosis .
it 's very common to feel tired after eating carbs while your body is in ketosis .
i 'm not going to go into where you are having it or are working towards it but maybe try eating low cal veggies and fruits .
it might keep your body from switching between ketosis and carbs for energy
forward melting her ca does n't do a lot of damage .
sword cas are weak multi-hit attacks and have 2s icd so you would only ever forward melt the first hit out of 3 .
definitely the cars with the decals that say police '' on them .
remember that video where she is at a restaurant with a large party filming herself drinking then pans over to some guy holding one of her kids and says i do n't even know who that is
this is connor slander and i will not stand for it .
r/camgirlshelp a subreddit dedicated to camgirls and their fans .
r/xlove a cozy subreddit about xlovecam models and their customers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/camgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
it was a real part of the meta for awhile during its time in standard even if it is bad now .
the reason it was good was because you could trigger it the turn it came down with naturalize and resurrect it with witching hour .
this would function as a bit of both since it triggers it the same turn it is played but does n't remove it .
this could set up some really awkward board states for your opponent since they will need to deal with the spider through a wall of taunts or it will just spawn another wall of taunts either when it dies or when you just activate your location again .
worth noting that taelan fordring exists now and it could be easy enough to set up a deck with hadronox is your highest cost minion at 9 .
how can you be sure he would have finished behind leclerc in bahrain ?
this is where you use the harry potter to your lore .
make a everything cake and give it to your sister .
should it taste like gym socks or ear wax it 's in the spirit of hp .
i 've been seeing these sculptures pop up in so many subs this week .
the artists were from close to where i grew up .
they 're created by an australian artist couple name gillie marc https gillieandmarc.art
wtf kinda school yall went to 💀💀 at my school it was 7.30 till 6 💀💀
it was also the brooks brothers riot which stopped the recount .
they stole the election back in 2000 january 6th was not a fluke it was just history repeating itself .
miert nem mentek a masik poszthoz is oda is menjetek
put a spell on all republicans and fox news personal to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth all the time .
well if you just want a 2.0 or 2.1 setup there are a variety of affordable and extremely good quality balanced dac 's .
the speakers by themselves are not capable of considerable bass output you will want for movies .
adding a subwoofer with xlr inputs will help considerably although that does limit your subwoofer selection .
monoprice and psa are two brands i know that offer xlr input on their subs .
that guy bayless sas and fat cow horst are the absolute worst .
i 'd rather listen to may i have this dance '' and mama there goes that man . ''
why are people so horny to watch main characters die in shows so bad man go watch game of thrones
for some context i 'm kind of half in recovery half not which is why at night i 'm just like fuck it i need to get better '' and actually eat a lot enough to weight restore me lol
reminds me of the places my dad would take me when we lived in the ghetto
sadly doctors often have no idea about piercings so a reputable piercer would be a better bet .
in my experience and of what i see online doctors will often just tell you to take out the piercing .
a reputable piercer will be able to tell you if the piercing was done correctly is migrating/being rejected if the shape or size of the jewelry is wrong and advise on materials all of which can be a reason for an angry piercing .
its always about whos better but if you are master/gm/chall its not that hard to play hard favored matchup for you .
idk why you complain about ego you have started flaming me first for no reason xddd .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i wanted to get into fixing and building amps but after reading about how dangerous it could be decided to find a new hobby .
mate if you ca n't tell the difference between cc01 and kaanbi i do n't know what to say
they 're both green that 's about where the similarities end .
yeah my partner works 4 days a week on 125k a year.. nursing sure is a scam
nurses have great opportunities if they continue their training beyond their 3 year bachelors
also nice titles from japan nier series and ni no kuni
oh did n't see it really hope it 's an auto-corrector doing its thing ...
op a_person-i_think please check for sauce in the following reposts found in the other subreddits .
https redd.it/tkhbzz 93 march 23 2022 05:51:14 2 161 aroldoshock
animemes the finale of animemes but the p https redd.it/ua5s4w 92 april 23 2022 19:15:41 25 786 thenonphysicser
goodanimemes re zero x higurashi when they cr https redd.it/uok348 90 may 13 2022 10:25:25 7 92 kaptaintz
funnyjav the danger of using your phone i https redd.it/od4cvm 90 july 04 2021 00:42:56 29 3808 project_ultima
wholesomeyuri dazed by the sneaky photo https redd.it/64bx8h 90 april 09 2017 12:37:12 0 28 appbeza
cum permissi https redd.it/rrk1zw 90 december 30 2021 03:31:34 2 34 creatorim
nsfwcosplay hello kitty wan na be played https redd.it/rvckvd 90 january 04 2022 03:00:11 3 55 creatorim
nsfwcosplay cat from cats movie https redd.it/s6eu4a 90 january 18 2022 02:34:22 4 89 creatorim
animeart character design oc my recen https redd.it/tkr529 90 march 23 2022 16:17:12 1 15 marceloteodoro
https redd.it/oeubvo 90 july 07 2021 02:23:43 3 193 wtaflmao
funnyjav manager takes action against his https redd.it/l4muv7 90 january 25 2021 17:54:37 29 1572 project_ultima
her first name is g https redd.it/sdwmie 90 january 27 2022 17:20:06 4 171 bluntmanrl
animeart again the hands😭 and now its al https redd.it/li71xc 90 february 12 2021 14:07:44 15 340 richytakashi
animemes nico 's first nico nico ni but i https redd.it/s48eeo 90 january 15 2022 07:03:05 12 166 czdzz
animemes how to be an idol tutorial https redd.it/uoz1yc 90 may 14 2022 00:44:15 2 33 voodstonethegreat
rule34 poison ivy who is she looking a https redd.it/gnhvw1 90 may 21 2020 00:49:39 2 68 pricklypudding1
manhwa the story of seraphina unordina https redd.it/q9tf2u 90 october 17 2021 12:10:19 2 14 significant_pickle87
animemes seriously though the front page https redd.it/i4t3p6 90 august 07 2020 04:17:12 11 13 meurs0
premiumcheeks twerking with my boots on sound https redd.it/s6dm5q 89 january 18 2022 01:44:19 1 47 kitty-rider
https redd.it/u7m7ux 89 april 20 2022 08:06:43 0 1 blackout9412
https redd.it/u7maeu 89 april 20 2022 08:10:33 0 8 blackout9412
https redd.it/ub74z4 89 april 25 2022 04:52:14 0 3 blackout9412
https redd.it/ub76vg 89 april 25 2022 04:55:02 0 3 blackout9412
https redd.it/v7b8s2 89 june 08 2022 05:10:29 0 1 blackout9412
https redd.it/v7bgfa 89 june 08 2022 05:20:26 0 6 blackout9412
https redd.it/v7bglm 89 june 08 2022 05:20:42 0 1 blackout9412
https redd.it/v7bgri 89 june 08 2022 05:20:54 0 1 blackout9412
jav anyone know any other videos tha https redd.it/vbc5rx 89 june 13 2022 18:54:46 3 33 adventurousindian
nsfw_japan know any more blowjob pov videos https redd.it/vbcayk 89 june 13 2022 19:01:55 5 105 adventurousindian
animemes i made you a loli ? what is your https redd.it/at4312 89 february 21 2019 20:30:34 1 5 jesus-from-the-manga
goodanimemes the only spoiler is the new aot https redd.it/s0d255 89 january 10 2022 11:47:13 3 3 arghya_333
animemes the only spoiler is the new ope https redd.it/s0d2jw 89 january 10 2022 11:47:55 1 5 arghya_333
https redd.it/qalpph 89 october 18 2021 17:59:41 1 3 jayhexxx
goodanimemes weekly trivia end of the year https redd.it/rs7gpy 89 december 30 2021 23:13:53 2 26 rldzzter
animemes how to feel nostalgic and old https redd.it/rs8bz2 89 december 30 2021 23:50:29 2 61 rldzzter
nsfw_social everything is better in slow mot https redd.it/txv327 89 april 07 2022 01:43:03 0 1 marissamarieee
https redd.it/v5mdoy 89 june 06 2022 02:25:05 37 120 mouserrr
pornid she wanted them both to come but https redd.it/p1pkmn 89 august 10 2021 19:20:30 8 30 sailer1997
pornid this is gold https redd.it/p6l9zl 89 august 18 2021 11:28:51 1 21 sunnyxiongster
wholesomeanimemes anya×damian not mine sauce in https redd.it/ve5px2 89 june 17 2022 11:04:09 2 63 aggravating-code-370
animemes if it was n't an anime i wouldn ' https redd.it/bab1wb 89 april 07 2019 06:24:10 22 15 beny111111
animemes you thought it was marin-chan ... https redd.it/sa4qz6 89 january 22 2022 20:52:50 2 95 uchuu_kitsune
rule34 honoka pangxxx dead or alive https redd.it/ng1sez 89 may 19 2021 23:38:00 1 137 seequinz
goodanimemes a testament to the most cultured https redd.it/u64an7 89 april 18 2022 09:36:14 18 356 kirasunato813
i 've seen lots of people kicked for drug usage and shit that still had honorable .
i 'm about ready for some delicious chicken wonton tacos myself
decided to pull her the moment i saw this .
in other news the sky is blue the grass is green ...
and even if i did i would put my son 's happiness above my own selfish desires .
forcing your gay son to continue your bloodline is the real selfish desire .
my bloodline dies with me and no one is gon na miss it
it was actually some genuine concern for your well being in there ...
but if you just want to play fucked up games no prob .
i also fear that you can use the pod of the upcoming bozeman class only with the bozeman hull .
get to fucking cooking like my life depends on it because with beerus and buu there i doubt i 'd last long if i take a toilet break .
has she been feeding them puddings to grow and develop their asses all along ?
we had to remove your recent post on r/dfwcasualencounters because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can review them in our subreddit 's sidebar on the right side of the screen .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f t and r for tagging gender .
make sure you 're not using w when you mean to use f or a when you mean to use r.
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 28/31 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/r4r please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdfwcasualencounters .
finally please make sure you read the complete rules and guidelines on the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dfwcasualencounters if you have any questions or concerns .
woman donates 12 billion to charities and causes and y'all find something wrong with it
ty for your submission but the pupers require users have at least 20 comment karma to post here bork woof !
try interacting with the pupers in the submission threads a bit first haha ty
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rarepuppers if you have any questions or concerns .
hey if we have every model of tank may as well go for heli full house
panie kaczyński to nie moda to nie jest nawet wybór .
look at that smug face like it 's saying i 'm next .
i 'm preparing the olive oil and me butcherin ' knife .
it means it 's time you block them and move on .
if it 's not magnus that 's just a bonus and a much higher chance to win .
it 's not like any other non-magnus competitor will be better off quite the contrary .
the longer magnus waits with walking away the shorter time the replacement will have to build a team and prepare while a lot of the work done by nepo 's team can be done no matter who they face .
hello u/busy_statistician125 your post was removed due to your account having low karma .
karma is earned through posting and commenting on threads throughout reddit .
this filter is in place to help fight spam from new low karma accounts .
we do not have this karma restriction on commenting .
why not check out some other threads and make some comments or give some helpful feedback on the creations of other interested creators ?
we promise this karma threshold is low enough that users who are actively commenting and being helpful in comments can earn the karma needed in no time !
we also have some weekly threads that you can post on !
if you want to share some roblox creation you made why not show it off on our weekly creation threads ?
the subreddit has a pinned support thread that you can post on !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/roblox if you have any questions or concerns .
but i modeled the character 's lowerbody quit small .
widening the steps distorts the legs and shoes quite much .
that 's why i had to find a middle ground .
btw you 're ripped bro in your dp wish i can reach that level someday
depends on whether fpx are able to bring their main roster
i think the best breakfast buffer i 've seen so far was the one at clarion 's the hub hotel in oslo .
entire floor was for breakfast buffet and you could get practically everything .
huge separate buffets for meat fish bread drinks etc .
the fish table was mindboggling all sorts of salmon and various herrings..
it was awesome but at the same time the sheer amount of different options was so huge that you really could n't taste them all without becoming full .
it 's almost like 11 years on tv gave them the money to afford nicer things .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
they have n't climbed because climbing in diamond is hard improving at the game is harder you need to be better than the top 1 of the game .
putting in games will not lead to climbing just by the merit of playing games
what happens in the minds of ada fanboy ethereum haters if cardano 's only notable activity takes place on an evm sidechain ?
mods remove in the middle of a playthrough is never a good idea .
in your case its a scripted mod and if you remove your savegame will not load or will sooner or later lead to crashes or something .
let 's not forget that many of them prevented things from being a lot worse .
i do n't blame her for taking the job but it is staggering she still has republican aspirations apparently .
the only thing you keep from closed alpha is the level 29 and 30 of the free bp alpha taz icon and alpha banner https gyazo.com/4e218041b1f1f7c37cc8c0046f384ec8 if you unlocked it .
i 've got a set of hd bed sheets a now ex-gf bought at walmart in 2011 .
been using them as a cover in the shop for my fatbob since about 2015
yeah it does n't look like it was made recently but it was epic at the time and very cleverly done .
the problem is they nerfed anti heal kayn wouldnt survive if we still had old anti heal
however you should 90 of the time dodge if you see kayn yuumi locked in
dont forget to join your race in boss raids !
komischerweise ist der billigkaffee aus dem discounter/supermarkt immer 100 arabica wohingegen die hochwertigeren kaffees welche man hier so bei röstereien kauft öfters auch einen robusta-anteil haben .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
i care about my overall win rate and the wr of my champions .
afaik poland is one of the safest countries to visit .
yea we have our issues with abortion rights going backwards with lgbt acceptance but as far as being safe it 's much better than in western europe .
depends on when this happens but call family and tell them good bye .
tell them how much i love them and that i will see them on the flip side .
no need to stress over what ca n't be fixed .
ljudi s kojima dijeliš djeda i baku a da ti nisu braća i sestre .
moj djed bi rekao stričevići ujčevići tetići stričevične ujčevične tetične pa mi se nije dalo pisati sve nazive .
if you see sellers or scammers immediately downvote report .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudesfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
the value in worthless fiat has plummeted but at least i 'm ready for the new system .
thank you this book has really helped keep my mind off it and i 'd recommend it to any moss or nature lover .
i ca n't explain it better than i feel like ts3 has ... soul .
i got ts4 base game when it was free for a while so admittedly it was a long time ago no eps or whatever not a lot of playtime ... but other than no open world which i could forgive '' with ts2 for quite a while it just felt ... bland .
i appreciate that there are very cool features for builders some like cas a lot some like the graphics better than ts3 it runs better and there are a lot of very talented cc creators and modders working to make the game better .
also the attempts with representation i personally think having gender and clothing choices as seperate for example is cool .
but it just does n't feel as alive as ts3 does .
you can often feel the difference between media/content/art made with passion and those made to sell ... see the blatant cash grab with 11 eps 11 gps 18 sps and 10 kits .
with all of those containing much less content than their equivalents in ts3 the whole thing makes me angry nauseous and disappointed .
not to mention that the younger folks do n't even pirate as much but i doubt ea calculated that .
side note i 'm not judging on those who like ts4 better .
i appreciate that others have different tastes and/or focus on completely different areas of the game than i do .
personally i 'm very patient with older '' games .
i think those fans would deserve better than what ea gives them .
meant to provide guidance and had been there his whole life effectively an evil non-biological parental figure .
your post has been automatically removed due to account age recently created account .
if you think this is in error please contact the moderators and we will approve your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/saskatoon if you have any questions or concerns .
a strange corruption that we would later know as the lupus mortem had spread across it 's surface like a disease
12m for a mid without pens is kinda hard to justify
every other person in the senior staff meeting was in fact a member of the senior staff .
commander gordon is a lieutenant as was alara isaac is ... something and finn is a lt .
i 've yet to see any other ensign particularly one who is insubordinate given the con .
commander and gordon is a lieutenant as was alara and i do n't think he 's ever had command of the ship .
literally every other bridge officer save isaac would under any circumstances have been given the con first especially given that burke has shown lack of judgment .
so i mean you could ask those questions of a lot of other characters but it would n't make much sense because they do n't apply to them .
either way sucks cause it delayed his comeback a little .
watch with the lights off and alone if possible at night .
shit gave me day terrors for the next two days .
rolled on year 5 huh two mandricardo ... alright .
i sort of was hoping for romulus or super orion or voyager or-wait ... what ?
holy crap i got an np2 da vinci what ! ?
start by taking the ljåbru tram to skupturparken and see all of central oslo laid out before you like a map from in front of the ekeberg restaurant and locate things .
behind the old squat seamans school you will find 6000 year old rock carvings .
looking out all you see under you will have been below the sea .
down to the right you will see a small lake which indicates the waterfront of medieval oslo with the ruins of that city straggling from the royal part to the bishops part at ruinparken and the bishops residence with cellars from the olav convent from 1236 scenes of carnage during the civil war period .
you could visit the best bookstore in the world '' tronsmo according to allan ginsberg .
take a walk up or down the aker river .
one time a toy show vendor had the red one for 10
this is still terrible but people here seem to have their facts mixed up .
sea view apartments was condemned by the newport news city codes and compliance division which is why everyone has to vacate .
no one was evicted in the real definition of the word through legal suit through the courts .
one of the best thing about this anime is the ost .
i think depende sa structure or size ng company .
initial interview with hr then 2 panel interviews 1 with ph management and 1 with regional head office .
pero i got recently hired abroad with 1 interview only that lasted 15 minutes .
but the aircraft may also have been carrying too much weight
so much for bring your mother to work day .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
imagine saying that to a hate group that advocates for killing any non white non christian .
white peoples culture is n't under attack and never has been grow up snowflake .
you do n't get to be a racists shit and get away with it anymore .
guessing he was making a joke of how indians in old movies were always saying how .
every point you made could n't be further from actually applying to me and the points i 'm trying to make .
it 's so off the mark that it 's not even worth responding to .
you are literally throwing darts in the dark and not one of them even hit the wall let alone a target .
and i 'm not just saying that to win points in an argument with a stranger online i could n't care less about that .
you should be smarter and more humble than to make wild assumptions about someone and something you clearly know nothing about .
for the life of me i can not figure out why the most unwarranted confrontational and ignorantly egotistical subreddits are buddhist .
why buddhism of all things would attract that type of person .
it was only for the playoffs but the angels have n't gotten that far for a while .
a lot of anxiety is held in your body .
it causes pain in your diaphragm shoulders neck stomach .
yoga has honestly really helped me and also given me a workout that does n't raise my already anxious heart rate .
it helps me to remember to breathe connects me to my environment and my body .
meditation is less helpful because it uses suggestion to try and force you into a mindset .
but my brain just balks the suggestions and creates more anxiety .
i find that visualization meditations like where you imagine yourself on a beach or something work a lot better .
mindfulness workbooks and anxiety workbooks have also helped me a ton .
i did n't intend to buy a black one .
i do n't even like black as a color for cars .
and yet when i saw it ... well you see my flair .
i would recommend just leaving it since from what you are telling me is just harrassment and negativity .
too much of that going in today 's world .
better to be part of communities where people have fun and lift you up instead of putting you down .
whatever game you like you can always join friendly people and build a community of your own
info was the server rude or discourteous in any way ?
how far off was the closing time of the restaurant ?
generally i 'd say not ta but depending on circumstances maybe no one is
lol idc im just pointing out that faulty reasoning is trivial and no one who ccepts that is obligated to accept your argument
posting in r/realgirls is restricted to girls who are posting pics of themselves and have been verified .
verification is super easy and only takes a few minutes .
if you would like to join in on the fun you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification .
until you have verified successfully you will not be able to participate here .
if you have any questions just let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
and we wonder why we 're losing the script .
while i dont listen to pop i do listen to pop punk/the whole rabbit hole around that and while it is somewhat less common its still in oretty much every other song .
now i am not aro so thats fine for me and a good thing about this genre to me is that it tends to be less abt sex then just relations but still
what you prove by instigating a group of people over years is that you can force them to violence by harassing them enough .
you prove that through your actions you can create extremists .
if you push and prod and harass them enough you can make them do violence against you .
you can make them more extreme with your actions .
you ca n't act extremely against a group of people and then look surprised when they act extremely back against you .
if he wanted to prove a point he should have proven that these people have issues with normal parts of norwegian society .
burning religious books is legal but it 's not normal .
holding hands with your gay partner is normal in norway .
if he got this reaction from doing something as innocent as that then that would be significant .
pretty sure he said 'this one on the house ' when he looks at vasco so he may have a bit of moral .
yeup had that happen to someone i know as well
your post has been removed due to insufficient demographic information .
we require that you provide at minimum your age approximate height weight gender medications you take smoking status previous and current medical issues duration and location of complaint and a photo if it 's a skin issue .
please include as many additional details about yourself as you can so that the users of r/askdocs can best assist you .
the most common reason for removal is formatting age and gender wrong !
some ways to get the automoderator to accept your post is to include male '' female '' or write the two combined as year letter e.g .
non-binary individuals can use the terms nonbinary afab or amab .
there are also several terms for transgender individuals that automoderator will recognize
please submit a new post https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant with the required information .
this post has been removed and your edits will not be seen .
if your post was removed in error please post again using the provided link https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant .
do not message the mods asking for your post to be fixed .
if your question is a discussion question and does not require demographic information please post to our weekly discussion/general questions thread sticked post on the front page .
for any further questions refer to this recent sticky .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm 2xl but not looking to spend money rn .
can i interest you in two tickets against atlanta ?
this makes no sense ... as the store has to print the tags anyway and/or fill in a price in the till anyway .
should n't be too much of a problem to figure out what percentage to throw on the items on a store by store basis .
it 's not like prices in all the stores in europe are the same
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitetits if you have any questions or concerns .
i earn between 38k-44k annually and do just fine .
after reading some comments bhai tu single hi rahe ga
i see your point and i know plenty of people who i trust to drive high but driving slower does not mean safer .
theres a reason cops will still pull you over and ticket you if you 're driving too slow
while finally getting me a win makes me happy that was a game where both teams were doing their damndest to lose .
rough to watch at some points but the end was very exciting hamilton almost pulled it off .
i also really liked seeing arbuckle go over and talk to evans good sportsmanship is always nice to see even when your team sucks like my sweet sweet elks might this season .
hope hamilton can go on a little tear soon they have good fans .
i remember carly waddell was singing to chris and i was like oh god what is this cringe ? and could n't look away .
ah ok. then at that point then i agree with you .
being forced to take a life whether man or animal is really stressful and it 's something that sticks with you for a long time and no amount of target practice or hunting can prepare you for that aspect .
luckily he was able to stop it before things escalated .
about 10 years ago my dad was forced to shoot a rottweiler from a few houses down that had busted through a window in its home and was attempting to maul a jogger .
he hit it once square in the head with a .40 hollowpoint and the bullet skipped off its skull and lodged in its neck .
the dog ran off animal control came and chased it for an hour before tranquilizing it and took it to the vet .
it got an infection and they were forced to euthanize it thankfully .
it 's insane how tough rottweilers and pitbulls are it 's rare that you see just one bullet end them .
see you in 3rd q at 400k plus produced .
i felt like sim racing at 14-15 definitely made me a very natural learner when i got my permit outside of not realizing the car can move in reverse and drive whiteout touchin the gas i knew everything off the bat
wait til you find out there not hallucinations but real ... ..
this means they have had one or more 5⭐seller reviews posted to r/fetishbuyerscommunity .
their username is also listed on the trusted sellers list https www.reddit.com/r/fetishbuyerscommunity/wiki/index/trusted .
click here to see all fbc reviews https www.reddit.com/r/fetishbuyerscommunity/search ? q=thatbeach247 restrict_sr=1 sr_nsfw=1 for thatbeach247 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fetishobscura if you have any questions or concerns .
this person does know you 're not supposed to use your dad 's texas instruments calculator as a computer ?
do n't know if this an unpopular opinion a lot of people are aware of how shit the us foster system is they just do n't care
if it wadnt for the areas you posted your pics i never would have guessed you were .
okay so august is n't far away and i guess i can sort of see how a wedding reception before then might steal the spotlight '' .
particularly if you 're intending to invite all the same relatives and friends from out-of-town .
i still think it 's shaky ground bordering on ridiculous for them to expect life not to go on for other people during a long engagement and the aftermath of the wedding itself .
how long do they actually expect you to wait ?
for what you 've described as an announcement and a party ?
i think you 're nta but if you can wait for your party until after theirs it 'll go a long way toward smoothing ruffled feathers whether they 're reasonably ruffled or not .
i also would n't blame you if you went ahead with a party a reasonable amount of time prior to their fancy wedding especially if you 're not trying to poach guests .
the only way i can even try to look unique .
99 of any managers i have ever had have been ass-sitters with their phones glued to their hands .
they do n't know eff all about a damn thing on the floor and would just be in the way/spying on your ass .
have you talked to a doctor or dietician about your nutrition ?
if you 're not getting a balanced diet with proper nutrition it can affect your hair skin and nails .
otherwise i have no recommendations other than maybe trying one of the hair care sub reddits ?
27 crude protein on his kibble pure balance pro puppy .
i really liked being able to see alderaan and young leia so much i did n't expect that at all but it was awesome !
yes your fault for not spending a week reading the fine print .
it 's a scummy tactic tardme may or may not be responsive .
they should not allow it and people have been asking tardme for decades to add a flag to items that are not in working order so people can see this clearly and so there will be no debate on it etc .
funniest part was when he said to us you dont wan na end up like him and if he just stayed he wouldnt have died
lotta people talking up milestone and saying xp is hard on the dm but i 've always found it to be the opposite .
its hard for me to decide whether the party has done enough to warrant a level up with milestone and it only gets more difficult as they get to higher levels and the gap of experience widens .
what if the party unexpectedly steamrolls an encounter you expected to be much more difficult ?
xp is a quantifiable metric that i can assign to certain actions taken by the party most commonly defeating enemies but it can be given for completing quest-related tasks .
how much xp an action is worth varies but for monsters i just go by book and other things i think of its weight to the story to determine if it should be rewarded with xp .
from there i consider its difficulty and compare that to what would be an easy medium hard or deadly combat encounter and assign xp accordingly .
all this said as long as your adventure has combat regularly about 6 medium to hard difficulty encounters a day then you can just go with the xp per enemy system .
insofern auch deshalb weil ich vor langer zeit auch mal so empfunden habe .
woran in meinen augen nichts wahres dran ist ist die vermeintliche tatsache dass man keine wahl hätte .
die hat man ich empfehle an dieser stelle die entscheidung liegt bei dir '' von reinhard k. sprenge r großartiges buch .
du kannst das land und diese gemeischaft durchaus verlassen .
das mag gemein sein und weh tun und sehr unangenehm für dich werden aber du hast faktisch und völlig unironisch eine wahl .
es gibt sogenannte aussteiger es gibt auswanderer und auch menschen die sich in spezielle berufsfelder mit gewissen arbeitsbedingungen orientieren .
das alles sind wahlmöglichkeiten und die fordern wie alles im leben einen preis .
man könnte es auch anders sehen du hast keine kohle und möchtest deshalb nirgendwo hin wo der soziale standard so niedrig ist dass du angst haben musst es nicht zu überleben .
du bist überhaupt nicht gezwungen hier zu bleiben du bist darauf angewiesen .
und vielleicht sparst du dir ja wirklich ein paar kröten zusammen und besuchst entwicklungsländer why not ?
in jedem fall wirst du mit einem völlig neuen blick nach deutschland zurückehren .
und nein es ist nicht legitim auf staatskasse und somit auf kosten der steuerzahler zu leben außer du bist nicht erwerbsfähig .
du missbrauchst das system der sozialen sicherung weil du den preis für dein leben nicht zahlen möchtest .
sollte es wirklich so sein dass du vielleicht '' alles ablehnst wofür der staat steht sei wenigstens so konsequent und nimm aber nicht gleichzeitig alle vorzüge in anspruch .
alle wollen immer alles mögliche haben aber nichts dafür tun .
i only wear these kinds of upper body clothes in winter they also look great with tight pants .
i asked them what games i should be playing they said cod .
i asked what about gran turismo ? they had never heard of it ...
i said we 'll there 's seven of them ...
idk ... viscous was way too chatty and both him and spike should 've been more brooding quiet men of action while being in competition with who 's the loosest cannon .
both were too restrained and edward was all wrong while all their ages were off except for jets .
that 's publication order at least for the novel-length version of new spring .
i was too impatient to read new spring the first time around but it was a great prequel to my second read .
but on my fourth reading i deliberately slowed my reading and focused on all the little vignettes long descriptions and side stories that did n't move the central plot forward .
when i got to book 12 for the first time i really noticed the difference between jordan and sanderson .
there were n't any vignettes and diversions or at least not as many !
then i remembered new spring and enjoyed that last bit of jordan before finishing the series .
from what i read online russia still has a lot of ammo in storage but disrupting their logistics near the frontline can have a relevant effect .
they will probably need to create their big warehouses which can be reached by train much further front the front which means that they will need many more trucks to bring them to their guns and this can create serious issues .
monero is the only privacy coin which is easier to use in darknets
they allow you to buy and ship to their us address and they will forward it to your country when they receive it
i can already see you selling stuff with incredible futuristic names like stellar bulb '' and then serving salmon and shrimp cocktails like it 's 1980 .
vähän mietitty mitenkö sitä omaa elämää tule uhrattu diktaatorina olemisessa .
it would 've been hilarious if they panned to a tiny rim instead just to keep us guessing
im on a 3rd generation of ladybugs on my plum trees and they have kept it very managable saw a bunch more ladybug eggs last night as well
dude those idiots tried to commit a coup zero normal '' political activity here or bias involved and they actually got off lightly ... .
... . also not us based myself and understand in a general sense your observation also just see the highly divisive political landscape there at the moment especially in that it seems they want to score own goals but in this case you took a fat dump next to the toilet ... .
our late cat tisha taught her as a puppy once that she is the boss and i let her because i thought it 's better if a large dog respects cats .
tisha chased her up the stairs flight by flight from ground level up to the second floor no physical harm done .
they were friends though later and enemy cats were chased out of the garden together .
but my kinga is still very careful with unknown cats .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube_startups if you have any questions or concerns .
reddit servers trying it 's best to spare us the bs lol
you sometimes got ta hit send twice when the servers act up
respectfully please space it out ... really hard to get through as just one giant paragraph
i 've tried pushing some other things too and gotten the cold shoulder so now i just log billable hours like a good employee .
everyone 's started to realize that they can find code they need in the repositories though so at least people are starting to use those .
that would make me want to strangle them too but as long as your pops likes them and they 're good at the shit they need to do yeah you bite the bullet .
i 'm going from a big tower server to a few smcs .
how are you mounting the devices to the backboard ?
both of those are great actors and deserve more recognition peaky blinders has done a lot for cillian murphy but give me more of hiroyuki sanada .
the man is dedicated to his craft and deserves a little more love imo .
if a drone flies over you have to clear the field until it leaves .
it stayed there for almost 30 minutes until we could take the field again .
it looks more like he got it caught in something that caused a kink .
parasites are usually indicated by no appetite lethargic not basking abnormal poops and losing weight .
fwiw i think the rain will be over by game time maybe a 1 hr delay
you made a single claim and failed to even understand it .
now you just keep going hoping i get bored and you can pretend you won by replying last .
she 's relaying his actions and behavior but i have n't seen her say anything to suggest she did n't already know he 's wrong .
it does n't take a genius to figure that out .
i still do n't see how telling her my husband never does that .
my husband might look at porn but my husband would rather be having sex with me .
your husband is just awful but my husband treats me amazingly . ''
if someone came up to you and they were devastated and said my dog is going to die .
he 's sick there 's no cure this is it he 's dying .
would you respond with that 's terrible but my dog is in perfect health and wo n't be dying any time soon .
in fact my dog was sick but there 's always a cure for my dog .
but my dog blah blah blah '' am i seriously the only one who sees these types of responses as lacking compassion ?
ugghh this subreddit is the last place i 'd go for sympathy and compassion there 's way too much arrogance permeating it .
demons liches and dragons have different conflicts and stories than your standard adventurers .
there 's very little support for commanding hordes of goblins or underlings for instance .
you can certainly do it if you want to do a lot of homebrewing but as the op was asking for recommendations on already-made rpgs it sounds like they do n't want to do that .
things that need to be teed up for next season
i 'm pretty sure per his word he 's behind the scenes pushing things .
maybe mm could give him to janine as she 's already got hamster experience .
cassandra 's weird lip-syncing when deep was talking on a couple occasions needs more explanation .
although it looks like we 're going to get a very ugly very public celebrity divorce fight .
what happened to the bottle of novichok perfume '' maeve chucked somewhere over new york ?
yeah i found it really annoying when they revealed the villain of the ggo arc and they assumed we knew what he represented like they did n't just skip that entire arc in the anime .
i love the influence it had but it definitely is n't without flaws
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cglpersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
you know there is a decent gamma ramp potential here .
look at all the open call contracts past 130 that are expiring today especially at every 10 increments 140 150 etc 👀👀👀
is it a 'patch ' like artificial dura or a fat graft or is it a patch like a fibrin glue patch ?
the person on this page is holding a square patch that 's about 2 by 2 inches .
op are you having surgery or a 'blood patch ' ?
the girl on the far left would look about 17 if she had long hair especially a ponytail or braids .
why would you get a nas hdd for gaming ?
i would recommend replacing or get another drive for your system and another type for game stockage .
example nvme for system and maybe a a seagate barracuda or something similar for game stockage .
you could also replace the hdd with a 2.5 inch ssd .
since hdd are metalbox you could always get a better choice performance wise and mod it to fit your build plus the hdd might be hidden in your case .
also check nvme those are often hidden in the motherboard and are crazy good for system drive if you compare it to nas hdd .
putting the blame and responsibility on a frickin teenager when the company releases the most experimental song and concept ... this leaves an extremely bad taste in my mouth
and why is n't underage being protected from this kind of abuse ?
edit also i suddenly remember how kun and taeyong were called to talk after lucas scandal broke out ... literally wtf they have no control over what their member do and taeyong by extension has 22 people to manage like wtf ?
also re the akgaes situation i totally get it a lot of the members love and support each other but their akgaes torn them to shreds .
it is extremely disappointing that some fans victimize their faves and use it as a weapon to belittle other members .
this system is really also sm 's frickin fault and i still ca n't believe they 're putting all this pressure on a couple of teenagers who started training when they were in middle school ...
why would you want to get away with type 1 ?
with a skilled surgeon a type 3 isnt necessarily much more invasive i 'd say
it 's done from my side to upvote and follows you .
now it 's your turn to get back to me the same in revert .
he had reasonable suspicion at the start that absolutely devolved into bigotry .
some days i go old school with iron maiden judas priest slayer .
the rest of the time i 'm listening to critical role dungeons and daddies cox n ' crendor or the chilluminati podcast .
five separate experts 1 the medical examiner who did the autopsy 2 his former boss who reviewed his work on the autopsy 3 a pulmonologist 4 a cardiologist and 5 physician who works for a police hospital all testified that the kneeling on floyd 's back and neck were substantial causal factors in his death .
two separate juries one pulled from hennepin county for the state case and another pulled from all over across the state of minnesota for the federal trial agreed that it was proven beyond a reasonable doubt that chauvin 's handling of floyd caused his death for legal purposes .
chauvin himself testified in court during his federal guilty plea that his actions in handling floyd contributed to cause his death .
it would n't matter to you if it was 10 witnesses 20 or 30 or a hundred .
it would n't matter to you if three juries five or a dozen found he caused floyd 's death .
its litteraly because sometimes i get domed by a arrow and die within the first min ... . oof or my doctor ends up spawning and gets insta killed
yes it will orientate itself in a northernly direction .
every 5 mins or so your handed off to another one .
you will barely ever see or hear it move they 're small moves .
its a phased array dish aka very high end and very high tech .
they do not work how any other dish you have seen in your life works .
while pretty decent and low actually if you look up the threshold for fiber and cable systems you will still encounter it .
the dish is talking to a satellite that talks to a ground based station which is most likely some distance from you then that requests the information on the internet you require or sends it then the course is reversed .
no matter how you do this your going to get latency .
thing is everyone else satellite internet solutions is 600-1000 ms of latency .
the fact you can get sub 100ms is a testimony to human engineering .
if you have a round dish you have version 1 which has a ethernet jack on the modem/wifi router .
if you have a square rectangular one you have version 2 where they removed this .
that requires a breakout box that starlink sells online .
starlink is trying to reduce the cost of the hardware .
its costing starlink 1000-1200 dollars per satellite set up and only recouping like half the cost basically .
your router for instance is a phased array dish controller not just a simple modem .
lastely keep in mind musk still calls this better then beta '' .
you are using a service that is still very much in its beta version .
im having a hard time trying to understand this could someone please explain ?
do you have any suggestions for good resources towards building my skill with rx ?
im fascinated by the program but have been under a bit of a crunch lately .
i 'll have a few weeks off after this project and i plan on using that time to practice with rx
make sure to read the stickied megathread https rentry.org/pgames-mega-thread as it might just answer your question !
also check out our videogame piracy guide https www.reddit.com/r/piratedgames/comments/i3r14g/a_beginners_guide_to_video_game_piracy and the list of common q a part 1 https www.reddit.com/r/piratedgames/comments/fvix6e/common_questions_and_answers_thread and part 2 https www.reddit.com/r/piratedgames/comments/igxebs/frequently_asked_questions_part_2 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/piratedgames if you have any questions or concerns .
she has an admirer who she 's been out dancing with
not to ignore the tricky emotional situation you 're in but i love how wholesome this sounds .
edit i could n't edit my post for some reason but i found another video with the same clip but a little longer .
if you are in immediate danger or crisis please contact your local emergency services https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_emergency_telephone_numbers or use our list of crisis resources https old.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index wiki_crisis_support_resources .
for cptsd specific resources support check out the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index .
for those posting or replying please view the etiquette guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/peer2peersupportguide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cptsd if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's a reason people put kids in daycare to go to work it supplies you with money to spend on said children and give them a nice life ...
the biggest asshole you could literally make her throw up multiple tiimes .
the smells are really intense i could barely stand the smell of just flowers and if she has hyperemsis you 're even more of an asshole .
how do people like you even get women to have your kids to begin with ?
reading that chapter i seemed like it would be out of roose 's character to lie at that point
maybe amazon preferable brands red label taj wagh bakri tata any of these https i.ytimg.com/vi/rpyzqspfgd4/maxresdefault.jpg
chai masala is something i dont put often but again these brands would have it buy it if u feel like ... optional
thank you ' it takes a lot of effort time and mental energy but it is super worth it
and for once i was aching to understand what the youtube commenters were saying in russian !
the whole thing where they did n't choose to live makes no sense either because my mom did n't choose to have me i was a mistake
mostly underneath and near the front panel when it 's mounted horizontally .
looks cool in your hand but hard to see while in use lol .
so you 're saying there 's still a chance ... ..lmao .
idk i 'm concerned about the friend 's emphasis on being himself like maybe he did leave ? ? ?
but then again why excitedly share gabby 's post if it ended badly ?
normally a friend posting something like this would sell me 99 but the choice of words/odd point of emphasis threw me .
still hoping this is a sign of hope for jabby tho ... 🤞🤞
i 've had more helmet ricochets this wipe than any other have n't used a face shield once
bars mostly a couple clubs would be cool too if people know any
edit either that or tall women that could step on me
exactly where i just paused to come look at these comments .
i 'm pretty sure an exclamation mark physically popped above my head just now .
good post yeah he is basically mainly provocative and trying to get new audience of supporters and haters and both groups are mainly just 18-35 years old always online males from lower socioeconomic groups .
and his self help stuff while not necessarily always bad is just recycled ideas that existed for centuries while people like him acts as they invented something new they need to write ten books about .
a little surprised to see curse of strahd there man this sub sure is fickle .
honestly he seems sooooo unbothered about the breakup lolol wtf poor michele ! !
i tried so hard to create a nice room but it ended up looking like a nice porn set 😭
first off do no buy for the distant future .
the idea of future proofing '' that you can buy a system right now that will handle new tasks for the next 10 years is to put it bluntly a fool 's errand .
that it can handle what you want to do right now .
that when new things come along you can upgrade your pc sufficiently cost-effectively to be able to meet the requirements in the future .
a system right now should perform as you expect and that goes for new games for the next couple of year 2-3 .
that is if you 're looking to play at 4k 100 fps that 's fine .
but do n't ever expect that what you buy today to play game x on that system 4k will mean that you can play game y on the system 4k when it comes out in 2025 .
do n't even think about buying the i9 or the 3090 .
both are a massive waste of money they perform only a very marginal amount better than the i7 and 3080 and the cost is atrocious .
games do n't use the extra cores at all and you 're not doing anything else that makes the extra cores useful .
it 's massively overpriced right now for very marginal performance gains 5 .
worse there 's a pretty good likelihood that when the newer 13th and 14th generation intel cpus show up which require ddr5 the current ddr5 will be lower performing .
so the current motherboard will likely need to be replaced anyway as will the ram to get the best performance out of the 13th gen .
nothing will use that much that you 're doing .
32gb is more than anything uses right now and you 'll not outgrow it anytime in the next 10 years anyway .
wifi 6 speeds are a pipedream they exist solely in the lab under ideal conditions .
of course not that you 'll be using even ac wifi 2 generations behind 6 speeds in reality ... .
so all that in mind here 's what you should get using your parts list as a starting point
in 4-5 years you can then upgrade this reasonably .
the current config is barely 60 of the cost of what you 've set up and not only does exactly what you want but gets pretty much to 90 of the performance absolute of the top-end .
in 5 years sell off some of your components for half what you paid for and then use that plus some of the 2000 you saved here to buy yourself a new gpu/et al that will kill a 3090 .
let 's rewind for how this works by looking at history
5 years ago the gtx 1080 was the king of the hill .
so was the 9th gen intel chips and the 1st gen ryzens .
so take that system and now try to run cyberpunk 2077 or elden ring or dying light 2 on it all 2022 released games .
the 1080 chokes on anything above 1080p it ca n't do 2k let alone 4k on anything but medium graphics .
and the 9th gen/ryzen 1st gen are n't even in the recommended config '' anymore for those games .
that 's what you 're in for if you think you can buy a future proof '' pc and run it for a decade .
here 's the long view guess what the top-end graphics care from 2012 was a gtx 690 .
think you can play cyperpunk on that at all ?
i 'm not talking 1080 low i 'm talking about the fact it wo n't even play on that hardware .
no aaa games made in the past 3-4 years will run on a 690 at even super-low resolution and quality .
so that 's a system that went from being super-top end to ca n't play at all at any settings '' in about 6 years .
the sole reason to try to buy a last me 10 years '' pc would be because you 're literally living where you ca n't get another one for the entire next decade .
somehow i do n't see that happening and you playing online games at the same time ... .
i 'm no boxing expert but i believe the rules state a 10 count not 10 seconds .
you 'll be hard pressed to have any count be exactly 10 seconds .
tbh i know a guy 30m who has a next step in life of having a wife and kids and hate them all '' .
he is a single child and hates kids people in general .
so i guess he kinda is going to do it just because most do .
we talk about that from time to time since i 'm childfree 28f and pretty open about it .
he is asking he did n't understand what you were saying in your og original comment .
i know it is available on desktop not sure about android
i looked up one of them randomly under the terrorism list .
kim hyon-hui also known as ok hwa is a north korean former agent responsible for the korean air flight 858 bombing in 1987 which killed 115 people .
she was arrested in bahrain following the bombing and extradited to south korea .
there she was sentenced to death but later pardoned .
trae mitchell and booker do not belong on this list
tällä hetkellä puolison kanssa omat kun hammaslääkäri komensi ostamaan jotain spesiaalitahnaa kuurin .
hampaiden pesussa olen valmis joustamaan kaikista muista periaatteista kunhan ne hampaat tulevat pestyksi joten kun se kuopuksella onnistuu vain muumi-tahnalla ja keskimmäinen tarvitsee frozenin niin sitten olkoon niin .
season 4 was made and is one of the worst things ever put on tv .
seriously watch hbomberguy 's video on why sherlock sucks and you 'll see how bad it was without even watching it .
update i lost the fight im currently taking 3 me 's worth if dick while bleeding
yeah i mean if you 've got great stats and what you 're doing works for you no reason to switch .
i have great stats on my xinqui with hod/noblesse that i 'm not farming a full 4 set of emblem for him .
unfortunately i do n't really think there 's a way to keep just towhees out of your yard .
i guess you could get an army of ground-dwelling snakes ?
we have the same set up and had the same issue .
truthfully it might be there are just too many space-objects to name them all but with only 1 orbiting body a name like creus i is a little misleading as you 'd expect there to be more .
the company has obviously chosen to as least informally name a few things and maybe there are other planets in the system but they are n't mentioned much if there are .
plus these kinds of hot jupiters appear to be fairly common and would have a habit of consuming smaller objects all around them .
it 's been confirmed you can land anywhere on the planet .
yeah but i feel like they ca n't work like that anymore in ow2 because it 's so fast paced now .
the areas are also wider so you ca n't really hide them anymore and car wash those childish flankers as you said .
but yeah maybe there 's a way to make it work it just did n't pop into my mind
the church mayerial is so funny— i was an ex christian too now i just do n't care
man i hope so at this point i 'm not really paying attention since at my college i 've been respected with my name/pronouns
i 'm a man in today 's sense of gender but if people were to understand that gender serves no purpose i would not need to call myself a man .
i also wanted to point out that i 'm cis .
yo if there is a creep or somebody making you feel uncomfortable call them out .
if you let it slide they will keep it up for future shows .
you are in a place where people will get your back .
do n't let them get away with it they are scum
if they dont check you when you down you do n't need them .
there are alot of activities where you can meet people some like dancing classes yoga fitness classes kickboxing cooking courses
things that you can do to get endorphins and good mindsets going include cross country jogging breakdancing because of the balance and confidence gained
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube_startups if you have any questions or concerns .
so even at its worse they could stil afford one of the best players in the world ?
vast majority of its history they have been one of the richest clubs in the world .
the time they went down and i remember it not from reading or hearing about it but because futre was one of my fav players and i lived a few mins away from spanish border so i could watch it as we could catch it with our tv antenna .
and the answer was that 's to protect the surgeon from getting blood in their mouth . ''
but it is 100 also because there is literally a gigantic open wound .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
it makes you see and feel in a very negative way unless your actually drunk .
the aftermath of it really fucks with you man kick it x
germany 's travel pass is a hell of a measure .
going there in august so will be funky to use along with the interrail whichll cover the ice routes
if you workout and nobody see you did you really workout ?
i 'll just cut some of the part i find interesting out and pop it in here a week later .
choosing the better option of whether to believe in god is pascal 's wager .
not choosing the better option between bananas and oranges .
so i 'm just going to ignore any more about it .
you want to think the belief position of the interlocutor matters to an independent proposition go right ahead .
would you really disagree with my statement that it would be pretty dumb to follow satan in that case ?
if the fairytale is true why would satan torture people who rebelled against the same god he rebelled against ?
surely the enemy of my enemy is my friend right ?
why after rebelling against god would satan choose to follow gods orders ?
are you going to take the bibles word for it that hell is the bad place ?
because in heaven you will never be allowed to feel a full range of emotions ever again ... because you cant be sad or angry in heaven right ?
i dont know about you but if that 's the case anyone in heaven is a sock puppet caricature of a person unable to experiance human emotions while being mind controlled by an immoral being .
being lobotomised so you can never feel sad or angry again ?
so even if hell is unbelievable eternal torture pain can be overcome .
theres only so many times the skin can be flayed off your immortal carcass for the billionth time before it just becomes a tuesday .
at least in hell i would still be me .
i was thinking about the one that has crawfish .
aufgrund der problematik und schlechten android-update-politik aus meiner sicht habe ich mir dann ein google pixel 4a gekauft .
es tut was es soll ist nicht zu groß und nervt mich nicht .
just got ta ask why do you let the community dictate how much you like a character ?
and how will we know who did it willingly ?
and i ask again who are you to judge who is worth and who 's not ?
not sure if the text was there before but now it says in-store only reward '' on the coupon so it might have been an intentional move .
honestly they might as well have made this challenge just reading an eye chart for all the luck reggie 's gon na have with it .
i 'm saying that if you strictly adhere to the order of operations the answer is 12 but if you find it valid to prioritize implicit multiplication over actual multiplication you can also come up with 3 .
implicit multiplication does take precedence over actual multiplication in many situations but there 's no consensus on whether that would apply on an equation like this .
that does n't mean it 's wrong to rely on it however .
here 's https www.themathdoctors.org/order-of-operations-implicit-multiplication an excellent article about this if you 're interested .
if thats the only export possibility you can use ezgif https ezgif.com/webp-to-png .
summoner so bad its not even worth a lopang alt ... damn
i do n't think this is entirely the case i have lived in iceland for a number of years and have lost count of the number of stories i have heard and personal experiences i have had of discrimination .
even amongst those of us who speak icelandic well .
people being told puppies are not available but when an icelandic friend rings it turns out they are plumbers who wo n't come and do work for you because you 're foreign union reps who do n't represent you in the same way as your icelandic colleagues the list goes on .
and yes the prejudice is more pronounced for some nationalities than others my indian friends have had more issues than white europeans but everyone has a story .
that is not to say that the majority of icelanders are not absolutely lovely and great friends and associates but i think many icelanders do n't recognise the discrimination because it does n't affect them .
if you do n't mind a slightly loose interpretation tzolk'in is an interesting worker placement game where the time you leave your meeples on the board increases the efficiency of the action .
so you are constantly playing with time and timings in mind .
some guy who has popular acne videos did something wild
answer 1 use the scripts that are public right now
answer 2 synapse x paid script-ware basically synapse x on mac paid krnl free .
thanks for your submission it 's great to see you here !
you should consider getting verified to get a lovely pink flair and stop these messages !
just messaging the mods on modmail with a picture of crumpled paper your username written on it next to a standard uk plug or socket will get you a verified brit flair .
go one better and show your tits in the pic and you get the top tier verified brit boobs flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/britboobs if you have any questions or concerns .
on a recent job listing it mentioned a technical test as a part of the interview process .
would you expect this to be a leetcode-style question or would it be defining technical terms they throw at you ?
it 's on a company by company basis tbh .
it 's a good idea to start sitting interviews so you can gauge what the standard is .
do n't be afraid of bombing interviews everyone has at some point .
following on from the above are leetcode style questions common in ireland especially for grads ?
again it 's on a company by company basis .
any general advice on how i could prepare for interviews and what the typical layout for a grad role interview would be ?
typically a phone screen tech interview maybe 2 and then a final call with a manager .
shame it had to come to an end so soon could have been awkward if you had a face covered in cum and they walked in
hab noch nie erlebt dass die kartengeräte ausgefallen sind .
das hatte hier in d auch noch niemand erlebt bis es dann vor ein paar wochen flächendeckend passiert ist .
it 's sad but it 's my family and we do have conversations and interact sometimes i promise .
it 's safer to let my kids have electronics at a restaurant if you want to enjoy your meal .
it might be worth having a look at lists of patter songs and seeing which musicals/films you 're familiar with .
i think that one of the more well known ones is modern major general from pirates of penzance but they were quite often used in musicals for a period
it appears she has never taken responsibility for anything in her life .
i ca n't stand to watch her or listen to her .
another point where people go to burn their hell money hold their wakes .
i 'm disgruntled about the delay but i really harbor no ill will and i ca n't blame the man .
look at him ratty beard 400lbs not a comely man by any regard .
in 1996 when he put a game of thrones out he never could have known how famous he would become .
there 's a family guy episode with him where they joke about how much chach he gets .
he 's at a place in his life where gorgeous diehard fangirls will fuck him .
he 's single handedly increased captains hat sales by 600 .
now you 're in the winter of your life and what do you want to do ?
write more books or party your way into the grave ?
it 's confusing because the one piece poster is some fye they all dripped tf out
it 's fine to properly look for someone worth interested and interesting .
you are all right just be careful in the online dating world it can be a gruesome confidence-drainer .
i 'm 24m and i had to leave them last year .
now i 'm single but also happy and calm .
lol you 're not going to hide your location from people while using an ar15 by putting a suppressor on the gun .
you 'll still very much be heard and easily located .
suppressors on an ar are for shooting with nods hiding flash signature and making sound signature somewhat tolerable indoors .
any realistic and reasonable range at which an ar15 is effective and you 'll still easily be found .
do n't care did n't ask cry about it who asked stay mad get real l bleed mald seethe cope harder incorrect hoes mad pound sand basic skill issue typo ratio ur dad left you fell off no u the audacity triggered repelled ur a minor k. any askers get a life ok and ?
cringe copium go outside touch grass kick rocks quote tweet think again not based not funny did n't laugh social credits 999 999 999 999 get good reported ad hominem ok boomer small pp ur allergic to sunlight gg !
get rekt trolled your loss muted banned kicked permaban useless i slept with ur mom yo momma yo momma so fat redpilled no bitches allowed i said it better tiktok fan get a life unsubscribed plundered go tell reddit donowalled simp get sticked bug lol talk nonsense trump supporter your 're a full time discord mod you're grammar issue nerd get clapped kys lorem ipsum dolor sit amet go outside bleach lol gay retard autistic reported ask deez ez clap straight cash idgaf ratio again stay mad read faq youre lost you re stay pressed reverse double take back pedophile cancelled done for do n't give a damn get a job sus baka sussy baka get blocked mad free freer than air furry rip bozo you 're a insert stereotype slight_smile aired cringe again super idol的笑容 mad cuz bad my pronouns are xe xem xyr irrelevant deal with it screencapped your bio karen/kyle jealous you 're deaf balls i 'll be right back go ahead whine about it not straight eat paper you lose count to three your problem no one cares log off do n't care even more sex offender sex defender get religion not okay glhf nft owner you make bad memes problematic fall in line dog water you look like a wall you do n't know 2 2 with yo head ass you are going to my cringe compilation you ca n't count to five try again you failed kindergarten rickrolled no lifer guten freunden schickt man einen deutschen panzer you have a anime profile picture an fatherless motherless sisterless brotherless orphan you ca n't catch this ratio catch some bitches i do n't care about your opinion genshin player you dress like garbage 日本語がお上手ですね get fucked you ca n't understand what the word intelligence means with your dumb ass you have hair queued put some thought into what you 're going to do with that stfu go to bed yes i 'm taller than you i think your joke is funny i rejected your mother 's advances marooned you ca n't read i win final ratio
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
go for silver oaks i guess dlf phase 1 next to golf course road
else go for builder floors in good localities like sushant lok dlf south city 1 and nearby sectors .
talk to the owners beforehand whether they 're gon na be intrusive/keep checking on the place or just be awol and collect rent .
there are places like that where owners reside in delhi or faroff so they dont really come into your way .
if they had n't reloaded they would have been out of ammo after killing the sage there goes the ace .
am samstag habe ich zusammen mit meiner partnerin gemeinsam eine geburtstagsfeier veranstaltet .
zum schluss es ist mittlerweile wieder hell saßen wir noch zu 6 zusammen .
im gespräch hat sich ergeben dass ich eine beobachtung über eine personen gruppe in einem anderen freundeskreis geteilt habe .
person x nennen wir sie herta ist in besagtem freundeskreis integriert und feiert diesen ab .
herta hat vor ein paar wochen geheiratet und an dem abend habe ich besagte beobachtung gemacht .
diese personengruppe alles freunde wohlgemerkt stand zusammen und wir saßen wenige meter entfernt .
als ich meinen blick durch die menge schweifen lies fiel mir auf das eine person vom stehtisch wegging und kurz drauf dumme kommentare fielen .
mir wurde vorgeworfen alle ihre freunde als scheiße zu beleidigen hätte mir das nur ausgedacht sollte gefälligst auch namen nennen sonst wäre das sowieso nie passiert usw .
ich habe zu ihr nett und bestimmt gesagt das ich nicht möchte da sie so mit mir redet und ihr gesagt wir können darüber gerne ein anders mal reden wenn der alkohol sich verzogen hat .
es war aber kein ruhiges gespräch möglich und ich habe nichts weiter gemacht als mehrfach richtig zu stellen was ich denn gesagt habe da mir immer mehr worte in den mund gelegt wurden .
auch wollte ich keine namen nennen um niemanden in die scheiße zu reiten denn immerhin waren es wenige meter auf denen sich natürlich auch ein irrtum einschleichen könnte wie ich einräumte und es war vielleicht auch nur spaß .
herta ist dann wutentbrannt gegangen weil ich mich nicht auf den streit eingelassen habe .
meine freunde sagten mir das sie es gut fanden das ich mich nicht auf den streit eingelassen habe und trotzdem respektvoll mit ihr umgegangen bin .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/binichdasarschloch if you have any questions or concerns .
where i 'm from major european city literally no one uses a mask have n't seen a single mask in months .
i 'm triple vaccinated i have n't tested positive once and i want to believe that i have almost certainly gotten it at least once and it just came by so weak that i did n't notice it .
so i 'm not worried about catching it again either .
i 'm not taking any precautions or avoiding any events although some social distancing probably comes unconsciously by now .
i am aware that some people are still at risk .
but i feel like i gave up 2 years of my life to protect others and i feel like that has to be enough and now the onus is on them to protect themselves .
physically and mentally i am in the worst condition of my life and genuinely think that any more quarantine and restrictions are far more likely to kill me than covid .
i 've been a member of this community since december 2019 .
i 've listened to dr. k 's interviews and videos and have done a lot of work through introspection and developing awareness and catching myself in such situations .
the advice i 've been receiving from others has either been the same non-tangible advice meaning its too generic and not addressing the specific complexities of my situation or advice that i 've already been trying and have seen no results on .
this is why we ca n't have nice things.. just let them attack the country until
got ta give her props if so his career took a bit of a nosedive .
better to skip a day than skip a month due to injury but it might be worth considering to go with very small weights just to keep the habit and maybe it will even fix the problem .
also look into your mattress and pillow if you havent already .
or just walk your ass down to the dmv and get an id ?
when you are in cover it 's in third person mostly in first person .
urheilu oli sitten kyse huippu tai harrasteurheilusta on suht helppo .
airfryer ilmalämpöpumppu palju/poreamme yms keskiluokan uusin must to have '' lelu kanssa hyvä keskusteluaihe .
i think you 're supposed to choose options that are n't just something ash made up on their own .
i 've heard that many people with bipolar naturally gravitate towards psychedelics when they 're in a depressed state and tend to stay away from it when hypomanic or manic .
a therapist that works with psychedelics told me this .
your post has been removed for lacking a social network tag at the beginning of your post title .
we currently allow the following tags corresponding to the following social networks
please resubmit your post with one of the allowed tags at the beginning of your post title .
if you 'd like to submit a post from a social network not on this list please contact the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsocialmediasluts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialmediasluts if you have any questions or concerns .
in order to believe that it can happen without general mobilization you must be as delusional as putin and patrushev .
i get a triple gourmet cheeseburger and chips for £7 and that 's classed as expensive .
bitte einen bewertungskürzel in euren kommentaren verwenden nda bda asa kah oder info bei fehlenden informationen .
ohne kürzel kann der bot euren kommentar nicht werten und dieser fließt nicht in die gesamtbewertung mit ein .
nda nicht das arschloch bda bist das arschloch asa alle sind arschlöcher kah kein arschloch hier info es fehlen informationen
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/binichdasarschloch if you have any questions or concerns .
i definitely remember ponderize from a gc a few years ago .
and covenant path is something i started hearing when nelson became the prophet .
paloma is what happens when i wake up feeling ballsy so i ask for 2 extra caffeine shots in my coffee and then i get the idea that i should dust all the blinds but two seconds into that i 'm like wait let me do baseboards and then i 'm like wait i need to order water filters on amazon and then i 'm like what 's for dinner i need to plan and then i 'm like oh shit i was on my way to work when i got coffee how the hell am i back home ?
when the vigilance dropped then the next room seems empty but is n't .
hey tinkmaster was genuinely played at one point sometime around naxx or gvg ?
and ikea chargers would be better for less nerdy people who do n't want to see any numbers and analyze themself if a battery is good or bad .
i think maybe the second poison throw by viper has no renderizing
so they tweet something that they know will be interpreted as that something is up to get autist hypetrain rolling here .
by the time apes figure out its a red herring another week has passed and new red herrings get credibility in same manner .
some day of course they will be explicit about stuff but until then it will be all talk and no whiskey .
fool me once etc ... 18 months later im not gon na write to mom cause of some emoji .
at a point they will launch it but this to me just suggests that its not gon na be this week .
when something is actually up they are dead silent some time before .
her texts do n't sound like her and i think something is terribly wrong .
we usually meet up behind the bx and throw beer bottles at the building or practice our samurai sword skills ... if you 're interested ... 11pm on sundays .
unless the person with a 50 or 100 is wearing a ski mask and acting sus .
if hes posting it on his twitter then it can not fall under the definition of spam
lost to keqing the only standard i do n't want .
you guys think i should try to get kazuha early or just wait til 3.0 ?
the guaranteed tighnari is a nice thing to have .
the dialogue and the atmosphere is so strong that it 's like music in itself
i 've seen in threads where people say support just need to learn to position themselves better .
that ow1 support have doing it wrong this whole time just being so focused on just healing .
now they need to learn how to become real support and not just a healbot ''
see except when you do push heavy dmg boost or play more aggressive as support you get at least one tank or dps player complaining about no heals '' even tho i still average 10k easily per match .
needed a jump as it was flat and battery was not getting any charge when it was running .
turns out an earth connection from the battery was loose .
sorry your submission has been automatically removed because it does not fit the requirements for posting in this subreddit .
most likely it is because you posted a video not allowed or an image from an unapproved image host .
images may be posted from reddit 's native image hosting service or imgur so please re-upload there and repost .
if you are trying to post a video please read the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
heroes were working magic for society that day and got bumrushed by these navy assholes .
and when he is about to cum he says time for your cream filling '' ...
you could do it by licence grade i suppose like only national a and below .
fsuk bans any driver who 's driven for a professional team which they define as a team with full time staff .
i think that 's a bit wishy washy there 's lots of low level series like britcar who have full-time staff but not what you 'd call professional drivers .
i agree but maybe that 's the attitude you need to be able to live with the kind of shit he 's done .
imagine killing a couple people a week then coming home and just turning it off .
the moto edge 30 and the xiami 12 lite have great bezels
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
it 'd be seriously fucked up if a teacher took his anger out on an orphan and his friends because the orphans dead dad bullied him and he alienated the woman he loved the orphans mom by using the most derogatory term he could think of against her and only moving away from what is essentially a wizard nazi party because the wrong person died .
i want to be a part of this group or page !
our community relies on its members to help it grow .
if you enjoyed this particular post please consider crossposting this content to another relevant subreddit .
crossposting content from r/asiannsfw will bring in more members who will then share more quality asian content for the whole community to enjoy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asiannsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
did you know there is a place just for meeting new people in munich ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/munich if you have any questions or concerns .
even though we 're starting to see a shift in the housing market that probably wo n't really reveal itself until the july numbers come out .
but you can start to see some of those effects here
the number of closed sales ytd is down 25 from last year .
and it looks to continue that way with a 26 reduction in pending sales and a 13 reduction in new listings .
the median price is up 20 from last june and ytd .
even if prices level out a bit and they 've started to we 're still so far ahead of where we were just last year .
housing inventory is starting to increase pretty quickly and significantly .
there 's about a 30 increase in the number of homes for sale compared to last june .
and that 78 increase in months supply of inventory looks good but it 's still only 1.6 months lol .
a balanced market is 6 months of inventory so we 're still a longggg way to go to get there .
overall what i 'm seeing is that homes priced properly and in decent shape are still selling immediately with bidding wars .
but overall there is definitely an increase in the amount of homes sitting on the market 2-4 weeks or so .
some of that is due to unrealistic pricing some is due to the condition of the home and some is due to the fact that we 're seeing a steady uptick in available inventory .
we 're still firmly in a strong seller 's market but buyers are starting to get a little more leverage back .
more choices of homes and the ability to keep some contingencies in their offers .
it 'll be interesting to see just how different the sales and inventory numbers are for july .
more important are your actual projects what you have been working on than your degree .
i 've never seen someone actually interviewing candidates caring about one 's degree .
it 's more like hr stuff to lazily filter out people who they think may lack certain qualities .
it may seem flattering to get his attention but in reality he sounds like an inappropriate teacher who should n't be behaving in such a way !
please be aware and reject his advances and keep your parents informed
if you 're hard when i fuck you then you 're lying .
so did the third riech against russia in wwii .
their entire strategy was a highly trained army against a demoralized but more numerous foe .
but the russians just kept heaping bodies on the front lines until the germans broke .
russia can throw bodies at this thing all day long .
it 's a totalitarian state and does n't care .
the only thing really stopping that is putin 's fear of losing grip on his internal security apparatus .
i play all my records including the rarest and most expensive .
so it 's basically a little more than 1,5 km .
let 's make today a little more exciting than yesterday in terms of roster building .
we are all born equal but some or born more privileged
it 's not existentialism just life is n't fair .
and learning how to deal with that helps to be an happy adult .
i still think my childhood was take from me on some level .
if you would like to get verified please send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/hangers !
we also have these other subreddits available to post in
r/smiles a subreddit to share all of your beautiful and sexy smiles
r/onlyfans_faceless a brand new subreddit that is strictly for faceless onlyfans creators to advertise in
r/onlyfansglasses a brand new subreddit that is exclusively for onlyfans models who wear glasses to advertise in
r/milf_pussy the only sub on reddit that is strictly for milf pussies
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hangers if you have any questions or concerns .
friendly message from the people over at r/formuladank kill this trend as soon as you can
plenty of places in minnesota that smell exactly like iowa
in turkey people do n't know druze are a thing .
we use the word for cursing in daily life .
you cant state as a fact that surrogate mothers form bonds with the baby .
most natural mothers barely form bonds with the baby until it 's born .
haha 100 nukes you can even blow up your mom with that and you think it will the world
you went over and above by offering her housing while she attended school .
if she chooses to stay then it 's on her to find a way to pay for her living expenses while she 's there or contact those family members that are giving you a hard time and have them help her .
i was n't sure if that 's what causes the weight loss or not .
when we start killing their citizenry in a roundabout but very obvious way that 's two pennies short of just openly terrorizing civilians and killing them until they surrender .
that leaves 40 people who will be subjected to collective punishment .
and that collective punishment results in infant and maternal mortality shooting sky high human trafficking of especially women and children inside russia and to external destinations too .
disease will spread among population unchecked hiv/aids tuberculosis covid and whatever other horrors .
and you know keyboard warrior i am in estonia and i do not fucking want to become a waystop of russian human trafficking towards western destinations and if you think that plagues apply for a visa to cross the border then dude ...
if i was i 'd be rubbing those hips to let you know i 'm about to be inside you
it 's funny because 99 of the brigading i 've seen on reddit comes from the left and they never seem to get banned ... but if one f'n person from comments on a left wing sub after belonging to a moderate or conservative sub they start banning everyone that follows that sub .
stayed at quality in june i just went around to back of the building and smoked .
thank you so much sweetheart your stories btw are freakin amazing🫂💓💓💓💓
countdown until elgin threatens to do something stupid on social media and everyone has to go into moral outrage mode ''
yeah but they 're still the same season different shows change up there tone mid-way exponentially all the time so even if you do n't like how it went i do n't see how it should be any different for bfb 's case .
more of an organizational/ownership failure of signing terrible contracts and failure to invest in pitching more than anything .
it 's called being ok with a short term drop in the economy for the long term benefits
i 'm not a parent but i could n't give a shit about how you feel about what system a parent uses to identify their child 's age ... why exactly are you so important they have to take it into consideration on your behalf ?
strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government .
supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses not from some farcical aquatic ceremony .
posting to this subreddit means you are agreeing that everyone involved with this rp including characters will be 18 .
you are also agreeing to have read and understood the rules and will have no excuse for rule breaking .
just a reminder you can always find our list of rules by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/dirtykikroleplay/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtykikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
so you fasted long enough and you 're not on antidepressants .
that leaves either unfavorable roa or the shrooms are just not potent for whatever reason .
i recommend trying to eat them on a pb j sandwich .
i 've tried tea and lemon tekking and it does not work for me .
the sandwich es on the other hand works every time .
op i 'm not trying to scare you or be funny but i have a very good feeling that this man will kill you .
as soon as i put the lid back on my can of pringles i am going to fuck your shit up !
trying to boycott american products made by slave/child labor is impossible but good luck .
tons of time for experimentation and for you to have enough of a sample size to figure shit out
not canvas but really smartly designed and tough as heck .
if the heat stays like this i 'm just gon na go to scotland for a week or so they 've got some good ice cream there too
there 's some weird ass people downvoting totally normal comments 😂 the state of reddit sometimes
sure there is some truth in the fact that people 's desire for extremely cheap products was unsustainable and the conservatives should have pushed back against this attitude .
plus china was failing under communism and had to open up their economy .
all of this was a mixture of a perfect storm .
now since china poses a national security risk for many nations companies are now starting to face a significant push back .
and even with communism the pollution would still have continued and be more or less the same all over the world .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
lots of people are saying railing but a slide and a fire pole would actually be pretty cool
you clarified that the food was great but the service was horrible .
while reading how she was n't like this with other guests i wondered what differentiated you from them so that she would behave so much differently .
it would seem to me either you and your boyfriend behaved really rudely which caused her reaction or there was a racial prejudice going on .
there was nothing in your post that indicated you were a social lout .
to the contrary you tipped 20 even though she was a jerk to you and you refrained from labeling the restaurant or even the waitress racist even though that would not be a totally unreasonable conclusion to come to at least for the waitress .
you said another asian person gave them a poor review for the same reason and that this person in general did not give negative reviews .
in your review you simply indicated the behavior that she exhibited towards you not simply denouncing this place is racist ! ! ''
a zoom-in would 've saved you from making this silly comment .
i recently put mine to kim possible and absolutely died laughing the first time it came up
without you telling me what you need https click.dji.com/ablkchqyitpsv36qockj8q ? pm=link https click.dji.com/ablkchqyitpsv36qockj8q ? pm=link is like a go pro but better and this might be a better camera for around the same price https click.dji.com/aempejtinzqjfgquoswkiw ? pm=link https click.dji.com/aempejtinzqjfgquoswkiw ? pm=link
psychedelics have helped many people with depression and anxiety but to me the risks of a bad trip outweigh the benefits .
genuine question are you able to get papers published for self research if you are n't part of some university/educational institution ?
dude the caucasus is literally higher than all the mountains in europe .
then back it out right after it stops glowing red
i 'll dm you an image of her so you know what she looks like !
ah hello there is yuki here by any chance as she said to come to this address she says holding a handbag which probably has the stuff she uses to knit with in
i log out because i ca n't rill on things and ca n't earn modules .
any loss of quickness with his playstyle was going to be devastating
your comment is great but why do indian people use the n word ? ?
its origin is literally an american racist slur against black people ...
we should n't make other builds better because there 's always going to be builds better than others ?
it might be near impossible to make the game perfectly balanced but it 's damned clear we could make it much better very easily .
my fiancé and i originally used my great grandmothers ring it 's a gorgeous huge ring with 8 1/4 carat diamonds and 13 rubies of the same size .
i was so excited to get to wear this ring finally !
however my mom and his mom both said he needs to get me a ring of my own .
so we went to walmart and got a 70 silver and diamond ring 32 1/24 carat diamonds lol and i love it .
it should n't be about the size or value of the ring just the gesture in my opinion .
this shows materialism and superficiality that would make me consider a whole ass different wife lol .
i do n't understand what the obsession over paralyzingly this funding is .
give the condition that it must be spent on health .
any dollar going towards a new nurse doctor testing facility or whatever else in the system is needed .
i kind of understand the place you are in now .
my girlfriend left me whom i was together with for 7 years .
that same week my best friend commited suïcide in a horrible way .
i lost my home due to not being able to pay the rent .
and i lost my life savings during that time because of bad investements .
i never knew my parents they abondend me as an orphan so life was already pretty rough for me growing up .
i lived in poverty for a big chunk of my life .
i had several attempts where i would slice my wrists when i was younger .
now i 'm 30 years old and i 'm so glad i survived .
honestly i never imagined i would come to this point .
but here i am telling some random stranger on the internet that life can het better .
true but some ppl may have a self-imposed money restriction or something else so its a good idea ppl know which pack gives the best value .
same unless i have a femboy roommate and one night we do stuff and the femboy keeps it quiet .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideobot message=https np.reddit.com//r/beelcitosmemes/comments/w18g62/abuelo_canchero
if we want to tackle the toxic drug supply we need to legalize and regulate hard drugs .
we need to produce them in pharmaceutical factories and try to eliminate the black market supply .
even fentanyl should be legalized and regulated that way people at least have a choice as to whether to ingest it or not .
and for the idiots who still choose to consume fentanyl after that well that 's on them then .
what i do is just cup my head and put it near him and he 'll come snuggle up
as a female chef this was 100 my favorite line to quote at work
i want to pay cash or have a 50 down payment that i pay off in a couple years to me the valuation matters more than the interest rate .
does n't mean either of them are necessarily bad .
jisoo and lisa are solid with their current level of skills .
no reason to pit them against team members like a competition .
i said playoff stats where trae is pretty nonexistent .
trae is good but you 're delusional if you think they 're close
i mean in hopes at least her haircut is cause she did it herself so
the biggest problem with that is that npcs level perfectly that is they get 5 to all of their relevant attributes while the player has to meta-game to achieve the same result.
this is what i mean when i keep saying the leveling issue gets overblown dogmattic and how most people who efficient level do so without having ever leveled naturally .
in total an npc will gain 6.8 to 9.2 attribute points each level depending upon how many of the npc 's major skills are in wasted '' personality-governed skills .
one implication is that as a player it is important to gain at least 10 attribute points each level .
otherwise npcs are benefiting more than your character when you level up.
the part to note is where it says at least 10 attribute points '' .
it does not say 15 but everyone keeps insisting that it says 15 !
but how do you have an accent for a language that does n't exist ?
at least in my state they can not charge for the actual electricity they are technically charging you for the time it takes to charge .
it does n't matter which league or division after open .
after u get past open then it 's a free for all .
his height is much more of a problem at dm than at cb .
your submission has been removed for violating our community rules https www.reddit.com/r/discordapp/about/rules
rule 6 if you are having an issue with discord 's product or need to contact them for any reason we recommend that you reach out to discord 's support team .
if you have any questions about the removal please contact our mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiscordapp .
you would look cuter with a pregnant belly and a black eye
with warframes popularity it would be cool to see a cross with lego
hold up you knowingly married a woman with high expectations and now upset with her that you still have n't measured up ?
looks like she clearly stated what she expected life to be like when you both were dating .
she 's done more than hold up her end of this relationship ... you need to find a way to meet her expectations or call it quits .
ship side bollard is tied to a safety factor based on the total installed power while the rope and attached fittings save the weak link are roughly doubled using empirical relationships again .
i find it interesting and infuriating which is why i put it on the sub reddit and mildly infuriating
why make a phone transparent when you know people are just gon na be covering it up to prevent snooping lol .
ok genuinely asking because i 'm about as anti-trump as they come but i still do n't understand the huge deal about the rose garden .
the kennedy 's have been out of office for a long time and it 's literally just a flower garden .
all the presidents update and renovate while in office so why was this so taboo ?
there are rules '' to design and it 's critical to understand rug size rug/furniture configurations scale hanging light heights etc .
pinterest has good infographics if you search topics and build a library .
furniture scale is going to be a challenge in this space and you need consistency .
you can also find paint color suggestions for a west facing room '' etc .
and away from polypropylene faux woods and finishes polyester laminate etc .
these items will make your place look cheap really fast .
resist word art family and friends gather here '' animal art that 's mass produced cabin novelty stuff you buy at big box stores .
the only sympathy points that amy has are because she 's misled people about the death of her child by omitting information .
i just thought of another the finale of beethoven 's sonata no .
full of right-hand arpeggios that lay well under the fingers so they 're easy to play .
there 's a good chance that it was planted though .
the russians might just be looking for someone they can use as a bargaining chip .
and here florida is banning health books from talking about the efficacy of vaccines to fight viruses ...
tbf if you look at the outgoing transfers abgänge of salzburg here https www.transfermarkt.at/red-bull-salzburg/alletransfers/verein/409 there are n't that many direct transfers from salzburg to leipzig .
seasons 14/15 16/17 4-3-4 were a bit more than usual but nothing extreme .
actually if you google his name and grey hair he has a long blog post with some other recommendations as well .
i know he 's kind of a huckster but his stuff is backed by studies .
kyle please everybodys worked too damn hard for this damn it !
that specific aquifer is being depleted at a fairly high rate https ne.water.usgs.gov/projects/hpa/index.html .
that report is from 2015 as well and with increasingly hot summers and dryer winters it 's probably accelerating .
the idea of my research is quite intuitive.. and i am just proving that it can be done .
i honestly just drop the story as soon as that happens because it means the author does n't actually care and they have no original ideas .
does anyone have a list/pictures of the designs and colors that will be available ?
i have n't heard specifically on this ... . i do n't know if it was really intended to be on the album and that it was just considered a bonus for international markets common at the time .
or if it was pulled from the us release due sample clearances and production was already too far in the release before they contacted the uk manufacturers
i 've always heard that it was a bonus '' but i do n't have concrete source or anything i read that was anything more than a rumor .
children also are n't property nor are they to be controlled .
they should have body autonomy and just because he is a kid does n't not mean he is incapable of making decisions for himself .
parents are here to guide accept love and support their children .
they 're their to give them the tools they need so that they can have a successful life without their parents .
you control your children make their decisions for them and not allow them to have their own life their own mistakes etc then they will never be their own person and they will never know how to adult without the help of their parents .
so you do n't do it you put that burden and danger on women who do it because we do n't have a choice .
i 'm really surprised by some of the responses here .
i 'm very much of the right tool for the job school of thought and i 'd say that a hammer drill is the absolute minimum required but would tend to direct people towards an sds drill .
if either tool was crazy money i 'd understand the desire to look for workarounds but you can buy cheap combi drills with a hammer function for next to nothing and i picked up a 6kg sds overkill for drilling a hole with bits for £60 .
it has been removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/kodaa_the_frog/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
please note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
that said only used maybe three times in two years for books .
and with the camp program probably would n't use for books now .
women and anyone are allowed to use whatever pattern of red flags they want but liking a popular rapper '' is a pretty wretched red flag to have .
when i 'm trying to figure out if i should be scared of a man i 'm way more interested in things like the way he acts around me or talks about other women than his taste in art .
yeah but if osimhen stays fit then simeone just becomes a rotational player whereas a probably starter at monza .
i think you have to kinda not be into batman for it to be your favorite batman movie .
not to be a batbro or whatever but this really is a movie for folks who do n't really care for the character .
so let me preface this by saying that i am a strength coach but just got into boxing within the last few months so take all of this advice with that in mind .
if you 're looking to get shredded still do n't forget how important diet is .
use the gym to build/maintain muscle use the diet to lean out a bit more .
oh i definitely know this is not ideal it has become something i 'm use to living in the south bible belt etc and being progressive .
around where i 'm from if you did n't like trump when he was president you would about be disowned from your family .
everyone goes to church and no one cheats on their spouse '' false .
i appreciate you trying not to discourage me her us .
my terminology seems to be making people think we will end up toxic .
to find material to study to prevent that but it seems people have already made their mind up on how we will turn out .
it 's ironic really everywhere is see people say their is no one way to do poly .
yet in my post asking for material to study i 'm being told the way we are n't even doing poly is already wrong .
that 's the equivalent of getting t-bagged after you die in a video game lol
i 'm 52 married and very much in love with her .
just an example two nights in a row i 've asked her if she wanted me to go down on her with no expectations of reciprocation or of intercourse .
both nights the answer was i 'm not feeling up to it .
i 'm missing the that feeling of euphoria that comes from getting a naughty text or picture that tells you that you 're wanted and desired .
i have no intentions on leaving my wife but i would very much like to have those moments of playful desire back in my life and am open to those moments potentially becoming an in person exchange if it 's something we both desire once we know each other better .
i have plenty of my own kinks all you have to do is ask and i 'll tell them to you and am always open to explore more .
i can be playful and i can be intense .
i believe the largest erogenous zone is found between our ears .
i love biking and ca n't wait until my recuperation from a serious car accident is complete and i can start turning the pedals outside again .
if you 'd like to see if we click send me a chat .
god forbid someone 's a nerd and is comfortable with it 🙄
bigolhentaitiddies22 wed may 11 2022 at 19:29:41 utc url https i.redd.it/nblb5auwewy81.jpg sauce for this hentai ?
just off trim for a hot minute i was in avalon off 10th line for quite a while and then most recently on pagé road in chapel hill south .
any travel in and out or orleans was honestly ridiculous .
i was in ottawa for 15 years and that was enough for me .
nah i just want her to have a good time
tøv endelig ikke med at skrive til os hvis i får den sub op og stå .
vi vil mere end gerne henvise til jeres sub i vores macroer og sidebar .
lol just sharing an opinion as are many people here .
what i say is n't law and i know that .
im selling my ticket to kendrick lamar concert in toronto august 13 row 201
i went from premium to extra since i feel like premium was n't worth it .
i still do n't even think extra is really that worth it either since what i want is ps exclusives and the current game selection is lacking that .
i most likely wo n't play stray at all it just does n't seem that appealing to me .
honestly might even be a little more than that .
i can personally attest that i manually download the game when my wife and i play and so despite two of us it only counts as one unique download .
we 've been sending money and weapons for a while including stingers and land-based harpoon launchers .
foreign minister just said ukrainian troops can be trained in denmark if needed which made the russian ambassador whine in the media .
as another said i would n't take things on the internet personally
assigning too many variables where a pipeline would speed up the process ?
i say fuck when things go wrong when things go '' terribly wrong '' i do n't usually say much as that usually means it 's serious and to have a favourite thing to say at that point seems weird
i try to avoid terribly wrong '' at all costs
places you can put things like jewels and presents that are super well hidden
it 's especially odd when teams have always voted on regulation changes .
the fia suggestion was always going to be a starting point not an end point
yeah i 'm already starting to have a love/hate relationship with mashed potatoes lol just too scared to try anything else !
modern democrats are saltines without peanut butter hot tubs without the jets pre season skiing .
they are n't the worst but they are n't amazing .
one more modern democrats are like light beer on a saturday night just ok. republicans are like heroin they will ruin your life and you 'll have a real hard time explaining it to your kids .
so are his several decent points about self confidence etc
but can we separate the good from the crazy ?
does the crazy negatively influence so many young minds that it can be a huge issue if sidemen promote this ?
just ideas my friend i 'm not one to judge anyone on what they watch i enjoy the discourse
i may have to try you in multiple positions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shemalesparadise if you have any questions or concerns .
i just used my brain to think which kind people we like in this world .
all link posts require a sufficient starter comment to explain why the link is of interest to the community and to start the conversation .
so lets not overpraise til this dude actually proves something
i was debating you about your stance on them being victimless not about the governments role in drug regulation .
i even mentioned that government should n't be controlling people as it removes self agency .
if toreador ca n't lock-on then mk2 ca n't either because toreador has better missiles before update too .
its a rather obvious attempt to scare people off eating meat
by hinting that the meat they are buying may be tainted
i 'm expecting mad cow disease to make its appearance again
last thing they want is a nation of strong healthy young men women demanding their rights
buy the whole animal butcher it yourself share the meat among family friends
i encountered this same scam in front of forum shantinikethan a shopping mall a few months ago .
felt bad for em gave them a biscuit packet .
when they realised that i would n't give them money they huffed off angrily without a hint of gratitude .
when i took my cab back to home i saw that they crossed the road and were trying to scam people exiting the hospital that was opposite the mall
i ca n't believe i have n't seen any comments really discussing ebonics .
which lays the foundation for 9/10 hip-hop and integration etc ...
now i managed to boot into macos while pressing that button to get into that boot manager and then i restarted now it just says no boot device detected i think i broke it
it 's very hard to isolate all the factors .
i 've seen cases where locality cache effects caused superlinear speedup .
wrathion originally intended for the alliance to dissolve the horde and unify azeroth as of the end of mop where we defeated garrosh but was disappointed when varian opted for a peaceful route instead .
his new plan to unify azeroth was to team up with the bronze dragon i forget his name and free garrosh taking him to au draenor with the intent of creating an army of orcs to defend azeroth but ... well you see how that turned out !
now where we hit legion is because by creating au draenor is how we got au gul'dan into play and it was because of au gul'dan that the legion invasion as of the last legion expansion started .
sure we could argue wrathion did n't directly intend all these things but ultimately his machinations led to all of these consistent problems and the loss of so many people chiefly varian wrynn and warchief vol'jin which is why anduin punches wrathion in the face in bfa and says my father is dead because of you ! ''
because wrathion is the reason gul'dan his father 's killer was brought back into existence .
you 're best bet is choosing minimal grinding mode if you do n't know much about evs/ivs as they are removed in that mode .
i thought you had some around and was wondering if i could grab them from you sorry that was n't clear .
but if you have already gotten rid of them never mind
i work at daimler here in europe but the gle is produced in tuscalosa al .
if i would be a criminal rat and rich you would n't see me in that car .
ben mi bir şey kaçırıyorum bilmiyorum ama ben bu ayetten dinle dalga geçen ve diğer kaferleri dost edinmeyin dediğini çıkardım yani arkadaş edinmeme durumu tüm kafirleri kapsıyor
synema is as far left as a dem can go in az currently the ppl whining about her would replace her with someone like martha coakley that would lose to a republican especially post-trump
yes op 's dad is in the wrong but maybe do n't fucking cheat ?
stop being a white knight i promise there are n't any women here who is reading your comment and going to fuck you .
they talk about natural orders '' when it kills something unprovoked but do n't accept the fact pitbulls were bred to maul 🥜
morbidly obese people telling me what i should and should n't eat .
if you do n't need waterproof check out native sunscreen .
anytime i hear about monique 's pets i get concerned .
there have been a few too many freak accidents involving pets at that house .
i grew up catholic and once i was on my own stopped going to church .
my wife comes from a fairly religious non-denominational christian family .
i 've had my issues with religion almost my whole life but was really trying to lean into it for my wife 's sake .
i was close to 'giving myself to jesus ' or whatever ... and the pastor started speaking in tongues .
really took my out of it and have n't given religion a second look since .
we will set up a demonstration where we show that the su-57 can totally kill an awacs if it takes no evasive action and has no escort .
this will prove that the su-57 is a very credible platform .
anyone that points out that an unescorted awacs that does n't take evasive action is exactly the same sort of target as a civilian airliner is going straight to the gulag .
got to love all these childfree folks begging to be part of this study .
maybe they are over-represented because actual parents do n't have time for surveys ?
it sounds too good to be true to put it mildly .
if it 's nsfw write nsfw in the title or click the flair '' button under the title after posting .
the following things are examples but it 's not limited to what must be flaired dildo 's breasts butt
cheeks short shorts or skirts sexually enticing outfits a lot of thigh showing lingerie deep
as per the ‘no hardcore content ' rule wearing underpants is mandatory .
all removals are followed by a 3 day ban so you can read up on the rules .
the uefi is unlocked and available you can install whatever os you want noone is stopping you .
the steamos has kde preinstalled you can enter it connect the deck to dock and use it as fully featured pc .
only thing that is different from normal laptop is immutable root which is nothing new fedora silveblue and form factor .
and even if you would want unlocked you can have it it can be unlocked with simple toggle .
yeah ppl r calling them trans when they do n't even remotely relate to anything transgender 😭
oh hell no he did n't tell you then it 's because something is fishy .
you are you and deserve to be appreciated and celebrated
if it 's a spam account or it 's not op please send a message to the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgonewild18 and tell us !
hey u/sweetlunaaa keep in mind that r/gonewild18 it 's for self posters only your account it 's not verified yet .
you might post but you will receive this message and a not verified flag .
follow the verification process https www.reddit.com/r/gonewild18/wiki/verification to avoid this message in the future ! !
take a look and subscribe to the next amazing subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild18 if you have any questions or concerns .
hard to find people with a brain that are involved in setting up a regulatory framework
look up the guide look up like lstm in keras you can learn how to adjust the model and what a basic model looks like .
if you want to know the math behind it it 's gon na be different you 're gon na have to build it from scratch like this rnn from scratch https pythonalgos.com/build-a-recurrent-neural-network-from-scratch-in-python-3
for real i hope the scum that did that is in prison
i think it definitely comes down to what your preferences are with dating/partner hunting and how strict they are .
if you 're looking for another asian person might be tricky to start with .
more so if you also want them to be financially independent own have a house to raise your future children in and have a maserati .
i 'm in massachusetts and thinking about a standard poodle for my next service dog would you mind dming me your breeder 's name/kennel name ?
so who do you think will be the one to kill him and why starlight ?
theres a vet clinic just west of preston on somerset
it 's not even a oh well it could have been better on most of those matches .
mania 31 was the best one and it should have died or at least took a long break there .
ah got it i see what you were saying originally now !
i think as hard as this might be this is a decision that needs to be made without emotion .
of course your child asking to know who their donor is would be heartbreaking for you but being told that you made the decision for them to never be able to know would be heartbreaking for them .
you will always be their parents because who raises you matters far more than blood .
your parents are the ones who pick you up when you scrape your knee who tell you they love you even when you 've been mean to them because you 're angry the ones who embarrass you in front of your friends and the ones who are the first ones you want to tell when something amazing happens to you .
what if god forbid in 20 years time your child needs a bone marrow transplant ?
you would want that record to be unsealed in the hopes you could trace a relative who was a match .
it does n't matter who their parent is in that situation but who shares their genes .
often the stories you hear of children running off to connect with their birth parent come from kids who did not know their parents were not genetically related to them .
a huge advantage of same sex parents is that your child will always know that their is some dna that comes from an external donor .
so there wo n't be a huge shock that causes them to not trust you .
studies have shown that the more open you are with a child with things like using a donor or the fact that they are adopted the better for their long term mental health and relationships .
so perhaps it would be better to keep the ability for the record to be opened but ensure there 's never this taboo sense of mystery around the donor so they 're not desperately wanting to know more .
i was surprised at the time too like i 'm really being pulled over on my bike i could n't believe it 😂 like i said they are trying to take back control of the city so they are pulling people over left and right now .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
and yeah that 's why i was hoping i could get an official confirmation from lian li or someone who has done it .
just bought a ticket to the show at cains on thursday .
i am a bot about https redd.it/owgxtl code https github.com/luke-username/respectthread_bot opt-out https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=respectthread_bot subject=optoutrequest missing or wrong characters ?
why 'd they suspend him if he did nothing wrong then ?
i bought my house in june and immediately learned comcast would n't serve the address even though their website said they would and i had called them before going through the purchase process and they told me they would have no problem reaching my new house .
i work from home and my connection is just barely passable via at t .
not only is that info not included but the providers wo n't even bother to be honest with you if you ca n't connect .
nemojte mi zamjeriti prijateljica s faksa me toliko gnjavila s tim da sad meni to smeta dok jebo te led i ja sam upravo napisao dok '' umjesto kad '' čujem druge .
it looks as though she has n't had a real makeup tutorial to work correctly with her features and she 's just winging it .
another one is if you pulled over on the highway and you want to merge back in .
on highway 400 north of toronto towards barrie/muskoka there are places where side streets merge directly onto the highway without a ramp there is just a few meters of a merge lane and that 's it .
you basically have to wait for a gap in highway traffic turn the car onto the highway and floor the gas pedal and hope you get up to speed fast enough to avoid being rear ended .
as an avid gamer there are only but a few casinos who offer instant withdrawals superslots https record.commissionkings.ag/_gg2fgdvhe2igyyobb-ixmmnd7zgqdrlk/1 is definitely one that i trust with my money and to provide a fair experience .
offering very competitive bonuses daily rewards for regular depositors the perks really are wonderful .
casino hosts like isaac brandon you can trust to resolve any issues or provide you with what the hot slots are .
i 've had nothing but great experiences here at superslots ... very impressed with their response to feedback because for a very short time as they had upgraded the online casino lobby the downloaded app was no longer working and had attempted to retire it i wrote in an email saying how much i used it and how disappointed i was ... a week later they had it up and running again i 'll go with the fact it was just my email which turned things around it makes me feel special ... .but thanks to the it group at superslots for re-renabling the desktop app !
the fact you lost it that young is a bonus it 's more likely the skin will bounce back somewhat .
i lost over 100 lbs at age 35-36 and when standing straight i do n't really have any loose flesh visible .
but if i bend over it 's all cheese curds down the torso .
i 've filled it out with muscle now after 4 solid years of proper lifting and hopefully a little more to go but it 's just the way it is .
genetics play a huge role in how that skin tightens up or if it does .
do your best work to fill it out a little if you want .
remember it will take a long time if you do .
but honestly i wear it like a badge of honor .
i have visible abs and i also have saggy flesh at the bottom of those abs .
probably like you you 're worried about seeing that number on the scale go way back up again .
but remember even a little muscle gain can make a big visual difference .
i went from 300 lbs to 185 and then after struggling to feed myself properly while lifting i finally got over my permanent caloric deficit '' mentality and started eating again .
i hover between 195 and 200 now but i sure as hell look better than i did at 185 .
it 's all perspective and you 're a healthier you now either way .
if you 've built good solid reliable healthy eating habits from losing all that weight and you lift consistently you might be surprised how hard it is to put the weight back on if you eat a little more .
make sure you do n't have a keybind for the pinky switch on the stick .
you know the one that disconnects the sas and eac 😄
did you check you did n't accidentally flip an sas switch on the left console ?
flipping one off will also disconnect the eac as well as deselecting the egi on the nmsp .
and at 50 he 's not even a dane older men go by their middle names at a certain point .
if you need to report a concern about your dsp head to the ethics hotline https secure.ethicspoint.com/domain/media/en/gui/65221/index.html
looking to get some free shoes on behalf of amazon ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amazondspdrivers if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately where i live it 's common to only wash your hands before you eat or drink something .
🤢🤢🤢 i try to teach the kids to wash after every bathroom visit but when you are the only adult out of 5-6 adults it will never stick .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
they would need to provide collateral via other crypto often at in excess of 1:1 saw some who has loans liquidated who had loans collateralized at 4:1 for example .
never doubted the strength of the es market but given how things went down i can see niji being very conservative about opening up another branch and taking the risk to develop its organizational infrastructure .
i 've not seen anything that was n't top down no asset packs that were n't top down .
i am curious to know what you used to produce this .
his real name is dimitri but his code name was enzo
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=xijij .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm wrong that assessment of psychiatric outcomes depends almost entirely on subjective self-reporting ?
we have an objective measure of mental health now ?
i 'm wrong that the mechanism of action of psychiatric medications are largely unknown ?
because i 'm pretty sure the advertisements for them all have a disclaimer to that effect .
or did you just not even bother to read my comment and think about the perfectly valid points i made ?
that 's required reading for anyone who would argue that psychiatry is scientific and competent because rosenhan demonstrated that it is n't .
i thought i was all caught up on the pryde releases .
when you goto watc ? v=whateverid or wath ? v=whateverid youtube interprets it as you wanting to go to watc or wath .
anything after youtube.com with some exceptions such as watch is treated as a channel id so in this case someone got the channel ids watc '' and wath '' .
you can set channel ids to redirect to videos and this person decided to have those channel ids redirect to this video .
it is just youtube channel redirection trickery nothing special .
playing multiplayer also increases monster health points so it 's actually tougher if you play apart .
based on my understanding of bulkowski 's pipe bottom ta on the weekly chart this has a chance of hitting 41 before retracing and then moving on again .
it could take weeks to a month or two to hit it but there is a real possibility of hitting that based on my understanding .
if anyone wants to read it it starts on page 105 of his book getting started in chart patterns
nfa i sometimes try and shove bananas up my nose because i like the pain .
you should go on the picket line to support your colleagues and can politely verbally encourage people trying to cross the picket line not to but there 's no legal requirement to .
you are unpaid if you strike so you are legally free to do whatever you wish .
main thing is i own my home my mortgage payments are less than half it 'd cost to rent a similar place i could n't afford to rent .
also i live in a low col area and do n't spend much .
haha was n't there a canadian sketch where someone held the door open for people 50+m away .
these people did n't wan na be rude and even started running 😁
might wan na double check cause like i said i 'm pretty sure your home page only populates with things you 've joined .
or maybe start joining a bunch of other subs to drown out the stuff you do n't like .
now please use your ult i 'm dying to a prowler and ring .
i would love to eat that juicy peach of a pussy .
then i would make you squirt in my mouth as i kneel before you .
to the commentors please keep rule 1 in mind .
be kind and respectful bullying will not be tolerated .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indianskincareaddicts if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry you do n't have enough karma 150 points total to make posts on r/heroforgeminis !
you can either message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fheroforgeminis and ask to be manually approved or you can spend some more time engaging with the community and try again when you 've accrued enough karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/heroforgeminis if you have any questions or concerns .
huh i mean i 've only ever done it alone .
it guess it 's really up to you.i just know addressing emotions alone is easier because your less distracted by other people or things .
cyndaquil because pokemon soul silver was my very first pokemon game and cyndaquil was my first starter
did n't y'all have a big punt return against the broncos last year ?
was my first nfl game i ever went to .
this image was created automatically using a neural style transfer technique .
what the hell is dungeonmaster this is a reference shhhh i know what it is
just say you 'll tell them you refuse medical attention and that they were called against your will
he can be the person we feel least bad for in that situation and still have the empathy to recognize that one drunken mistake where he did n't consciously try to hurt anyone basically destroyed his really promising life
it 's just grownups acting goofy and dressing up .
it 's like if pro wrestlers donned their garb and read stories to kids in character .
i will take this to heart really good advice a way to look at what makes me happy it 's worth to me vs worth in general
there are a hilarious number of departments with many of them being so sma they can barely even equip themselves or even hire new officers .
i assume it 's a legacy issue where small departments made more sense a long time ago .
consolidation is n't always a good thing but it seems like small departments are especially bad about abuse and lack of consequences even worse than the norm .
i got it very early when i started playing and have n't been able to let go yet .
i 've still never gone down while flying her and i 've been able to place a heavy weapon arrangement on her while still keeping plenty of storage space .
i guess they have n't gained your wisdom yet .
peak strenght skill and training ever since he could wield a sword .
so much above average that it looks supernatural but still human strenght .
if you would like to verify please send the mods a verification request with a picture holding a crumbled piece of paper with your user name the name of this subreddit r/amateur_milfs and today 's date .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur_milfs if you have any questions or concerns .
this is headed for the internet hall of fame .
this is '8-ball jacket dude on the subway ' level of quality .
one can only hope longer and possibly higher quality version pops up some day .
if you do n't even read your own diarrea post then why should anyone else ?
if you are doing a linear progression you will eventually slow down and stall .
this is obvious bc if it were not true people could progress in weight forever doing an infinite amount of weight .
when you eventually stall that 's when you can start playing around with volume and weekly or monthly weight increases to progress .
yeah a remaster would be amazing tbf id play that like i played skyrim when that came out but yeah igy i love emulating just to see if i can but ik a lot of people would see it as too much effort i 'm just weird lol
inner city cleveland must be deprived of private land ownership because topmicron saw a colored chart ?
how many hours have you spent inside inner city cleveland that makes you an advocate for tearing it down and building hi rise lux apartments that no local will be able to afford to own ?
the real problem is finding abandoning neighborhoods and finding new land to develop rather than rehabbing the neighborhoods we have
i may be able to help you out but i 'm not on there for a couple of hours .
yep my son would be high functioning so i 'm on the same boat as you ! !
what age did your little ones get potty trained at if you do n't mind me asking ? ?
it 's nice to know someone has played the same field i 'm playing now thank you mama ❤️❤️
do you not know enough words to say it your own way .
here 's some suggestions i agree '' yes '' and that 's right . ''
too busy trying to be trendy but ending up sounding lame is not a good way to go through life kid .
haha it 's okay i can take a few downvotes so long as people expand the comment and read his dickhead tweets
if you want an actual better loli detective and guy sidekick then watch gosick .
seriously that series might be the progenitor of this trope .
i honestly did n't know grilled '' was an option for burritos at tb .
this is for the model stories that has a built-in camera .
i have a theremonuclear war head planted unddr you house in which it will exlode and kill you in no time .
here 's a sneak peek of r/hyperspermia nsfw using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/hyperspermia/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 hi it 's my first post here this is my last cumshot in public .
2 8 days worth of hot cum 🤤 https i.imgur.com/pqagsiv.gifv 166 comments https np.reddit.com/r/hyperspermia/comments/ovpcl1/8_days_worth_of_hot_cum
we have been blessed this year with great cubs cards since our team irl sucks so much
if you are going to red bear brewing check out union market while you are in the area .
if you want to go through a step by step for trevor or ledger youtube has a bunch that are legit .
crypto dad breaks it down to absolute beginner level .
send test transactions and never ever give out your seed phrase .
the only time you are entering your seed phrase is when your hardware wallet becomes unusable for whatever reason .
learning how to self custody is not that difficult really it is n't .
i 'm a middle aged knuckle dragging moron and i had zero issues .
all the 40 yr olds i know are the same way .
i know i 'd fuck you until your back arches and your toes curl .
theme one man armies who left the heroes ' side after a tragedy but came back to save the day when it mattered most .
connections both begin their journeys as heroes in peace keeping groups that battle against a dark and evil power addam 's group against malos the jedi against the sith .
they would form a special and powerful bond with a girl lora padme .
however there seemed to be a big age gap but one person from the duo would catch up while the other one seemed to never age lora was a little girl when she met jin anakan was a little boy when he met padme .
both were practically the strongest members of their respective group and even abroad .
they both had a title that connected them to their immense power jin is known as the paragon of torna anakan was the chosen one .
they both also have a special skill that they remain unmatched in jin 's cooking anakin 's skill as a pilot .
in a crazy turn of events after the death of their loved one jin and anakin would fall to the enemy 's side .
they would join the very person they were trying to fight and stop malos palpatine .
with their new partners '' they would found and lead organizations torna the empire .
they would come to blows with former allies many times mythra obiwan .
they would blame them for their problems whether true or not .
they would moralize their actions by claiming that they were heroes in an effort to cleanse the world of its failures humans the jedi .
humans were the main cause of all the conflict and death in the world .
amalthus especially was responsible for everything bad that happened to jin .
the jedi had turned their backs on the real reason they were founded to be peaceful monks not soldiers .
vader saw first hand the jedi councel being so full of themselves .
during a battle they would be forced to take drastic measures to survive .
jin would become a flesh eater and anakin would have to wear a cybernetic suit .
they are one man armies literally able to take down entire squadrons of soldiers by themselves .
while they can work in groups they prefer to go at it solo usually working towards a goal of killing/capturing people who they used to be like blades jedi .
in their final battle with the hero es though heavily weakened they would realize the error of their ways .
they would put all of their remaining strength into finishing off the real villain who had caused all of their suffering amalthus palpatine .
they would die as real heroes and be remembered by their sacrifice .
you know they message every user that liked or commented on a certain post right ' ?
i agree that the release is a temporary fix but it shows an effort to help middle class .
you ca n't just keep pumping it till it 's dry coz that would n't be very strategic .
it show the limitations of what a president can do regarding prices .
your comment demonstrates comfort that our system allow the oligarchs to use their wealth against the best interests of the people .
in authoritarian counties leaders can and do just nationalize the industry .
deep is the true controller of vought he is the vought .
for me it 's simply the same concern i have for house of the dragon in that i 'm worried about if it 's even going to hold my interest .
after game of thrones ended the way it did it sort of soured my love for the fantasy genre .
but the trailers for both series and the new dnd film kind of spark an interest in me .
i just hope all three can deliver something entertaining .
really glad for you but at the same time i wish i did too !
did you feel agitated restless twitchy and unemotional at all throughout you stepping up ?
it reminded me of the cot candy pods from killer klowns .
it really is n't the boss is n't that bad and desert drops make it easier
although faraday received little formal education he was one of the most influential scientists in history ''
autisticly obtains a biochem degree and starts synthesizing my own estradiol at home
why when i was kid i thought tarantulas we 're my friends !
u/valuableok1 your submission has been successfully posted in r/petite !
please ensure that you have followed the rules and thank you for posting .
moderators have the final say in whether or not an image or comment is acceptable for this subreddit .
if you do n't agree with any of those rules please do n't post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
r/onlyfanscougars is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanscougars if you have any questions or concerns .
ship it via usps any mail tampering through the federal post office will get the government involved .
it 's not on the approved website list so i 've moved it to the spam folder .
if you feel this was in error contact a mod via mod-mail and we 'll take care of it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feralpokeporn if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's funny i 've heard of this type of situation where women who are only friends through their boyfriends often take the men 's side over the women 's .
it 's better to have a female friend group that is independent of men for this exact reason .
i bet that the head '' girl lol spoke to her boyfriend about the whole situation and he obviously took the side of your ex as men tend to do and put the blame on you and then used the fact that she was more loyal to him as her boyfriend who she has known longer than she was to you to get you out of the group .
got it seems obvious anyway i am curious though as to what a passive heat sink can achieve in that situation .
it would basically be buried in a 10cm wide hole 5cm deep so only a little part of it would actually be pointing outside .
you 're right this task does n't meet the copyright requirement .
also it is listed as a type of inappropriate behavior https portal.photomath.net/expert-training/course/additional-resources-1-2-3/inappropriate-behavior .
thank you for reporting this to us we 'll make sure this task is fixed accordingly !
just a reminder we discussed the copyright requirement in one of our photomath live streams https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bn5qoflebj8 list=plvzvfkd5cjrvkkhxcz6afox8pl_jksu8k index=13 .
also the instructions are always available in the training menu https portal.photomath.net/expert-training/course/solution-requirements/copyright-1 on the experts ' portal page .
energy claimed from the mailbox whether it 's web milestone or web store should be the same no ?
just had the issue as well claimed while full and it did n't apply .
never had that issue when it was a milestone reward
hey fitness fanatics just a reminder this subreddit welcomes men and women posters .
so do n't be a dick and report a post just because you do n't like seeing one .
just check the title tag ignore it and move on .
for more detailed rules please click here https www.reddit.com/r/workoutgonewild/about/rules but in general do n't be a dick !
troll behavior results in escalating bans from the subreddit .
if you see negative comments please report them and do not reply with snark of your own .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/workoutgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm new here and trying to piece it all together .
but for me right now it reads as like a stream of consciousness and not a poem .
i know the formatting is tricky but i would love to read this again once you restructure it .
unless that 's what you meant to do and if so nevermind .
mine lays face down on my desk and i pick it up to check it once every hour or so .
thank you im getting help from people on reddit and my friend should get resolved soon and i 'll get a password manager so this dont happen again it couldve been way worst lets be honest
spoon whisk´s in clifton park has some really fun ones .
took knife skills a few years back and it 's amazing how much better a recipe turns out when things are chopped consistently .
nyc is n't that bad we revolted against some 30 highways that could have been built .
if we could fund the second ave subway so it actually got done and got rid of all the stupid private contractors we would be good .
vooral in nieuwere/recenter gemoderniseerde treinen is dat heel vaag daar gebruiken ze alleen maar zo'n onduidelijk icoontje van een persoon met een laptop om aan te geven wat een stiltecoupé is in plaats van gewoon de tekst stiltecoupé '' op de ramen te zetten .
het gebeurt ook heel vaak dat mensen daar in de stiltecoupé nog steeds aan het praten zijn omdat het gewoon zo onduidelijk is aangegeven dat het een stiltecoupé is .
almost like they 're just normal people with what they consider a normal job .
it all just becomes a routine at some point .
hard times create strong men strong men create good times good times create weak men and weak men create hard times.
is china entering the next phases of the cycle ?
this is a meta analysis a study of a collection of other studies .
these are very often performed for clinical research since the sample size of human studies is usual pretty low compared to the population being studied or does not adequately reflect the diversity of that population .
taking multiple independent studies and extracting data from them is a common technique used to see if the conclusions of small studies hold up on larger scales and across different patient backgrounds .
in this case the meta analysis is claiming that they did not identify a significant correlation between levels of serotonin and severity of depression .
this is meant to act as a challenge to the status quo .
it directly questions whether the serotonin theory of depression is accurate and hopefully will inspire new studies to more critically test that assumption .
bro it feels like i 've been straight up punched in the mouth 🥲🥲🥲🥲
given thr croydon end either had median strips or is single lane either way ... not that end .
is there something growing on the side of his nose ? ? ? ?
yeah i did the last 2 highest difficulties just find but this 3rd one is brutal .
good thing i 'm only missing out on a few ores .
that 's your only chance to get a reasonable rental price that allows you to save something for your future .
at this pace i 'm looking at about 30 credits in 2 months on sophia .
i did n't do any formal math on the subject but 30 credits for 200 seems a lot cheaper .
i happen to be out of work recovering from surgery so i 'm able to work at it a lot .
anyone looking for considering a 3d artist would want to see your portfolio so far .
if you dont link that everyone has to assume you got nothing .
this really reminds me of fnaf ar when you fight shadow bonnie .
nothing like wearing your full athletic gear topping it with a peacoat amirite
people that are super far to one side of the political spectrum usually do n't respect opposing views they kind of live/die by their political agenda .
that 's a big part of what makes them extremists .
my war on zombie burners should be over now missed some spawning in a location file .
in innawood you should see more npcs with bows now .
no dinomod changes for the first time in months .
it 's actually an ugly duckling situation where everyone assumes he 's an ugly elephant but is actually a beautiful tapir .
it got better for me and i realized just how poorly i had been sleeping .
even on the restless nights i still feel better waking up tired and not hung over than tired and hungover on top of it .
please post again when you have more than 10 .
this rule does not take into consideration awardee or awarder karma .
if this is less than 10 you can not submit a link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/programmerhumor if you have any questions or concerns .
great mod man hope one day itll be complete and fully playable one day
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason
please review our rules on low-effort posts https www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines wiki_what_are_.22low-effort_posts.3f.22 and resubmit your post after adding some significant content or discussion .
this submission has been removed for proselytizing https www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/faq wiki_what_is_.22proselytizing.3f.22 .
removals of this type may also include subreddit bans and/or suspensions from the whole site depending on the severity of the offense .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the subreddit commandments .
http www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines if you have any questions please do not delete your submission and message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/atheism thank you .
subaru is already strong enough to resist them as is .
any increase to offensive power would easily turn the gap .
just removing subaru 's nerfs as is would make him too dangerous .
sirius is nothing special and is only troublesome because her ability forces people to hold back to prevent killing her something that actually is n't that hard for subaru to figure out how to deal with since beatrice knows the spell used to seal satella and used it on roy already .
petelgeuse only needed an army because he brought his own army .
if we 're counting that as part of his power then rbd gives subaru his own followers .
elsa is incredibly predictable with subaru figuring out how to block her attacks even before he trained to fight .
just like sirius she 's also liable to being sealed .
julius only beat a nerfed version of reid who disappeared the moment he started to seriously fight .
he 's nowhere near as dangerous as you 're claiming .
also you 're completely forgetting that rbd lets subaru choose when and where to fight .
he always has the initiative and can preemptively weaken his opponents .
subaru only keeps dying so much in this arc because his checkpoints have been absolute shit and he has little time to prepare .
omg mine once had heart-shaped https www.reddit.com/r/disneyeyes/comments/j2jzfu/the_light_reflections_look_like_hearts_in_his_eyes ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share lights in his eyes too !
this is a reminder that you will not be permitted to post pictures or links in this community from 1 august 2022 unless you are verified .
for more information on the requirements see verification https www.reddit.com/r/paypigsneedingdomme/comments/w0l9hc/from_1_august_2022_you_need_to_be_verified_to and to submit your required information to the mods send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpaypigsneedingdomme subject=verification 20required message=link 20to 20site 20or 20photoid 3a 0dlink 20to 20photo 20with 20name 20and 20date 3a 0drole 20domme 2c 20sub 20or 20partner 2fcontentcreator 3a 0dmore 20info .
this information can be found in our menu and sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/paypigsneedingdomme if you have any questions or concerns .
you can still celebrate your nibling later when she is fine .
this has never happened to me holy moly that sounds awful
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
eh he was booting it inside 50 out of a pack i get it
i 've been slowly transitioning to btrfs from ext4 on my systems .
i keep it simple with default mount options and no use of raid features .
i have backups many many backups in excess of the 3-2-1 rule .
my backup drives are exfat because they 're used on multiple machines i.e .
there 's just no good way to handle no i do n't want users/groups '' on the other file systems like ext4/btrfs .
please remember there are real people on the other side of the monitor and to be kind .
report comments that break the rules and do n't respond to negativity with negativity !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comics if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought it was a black metal album from the preview in the post but it is in fact taylor swift in the woods
the issue that i personally have with the durability changes is that they increased health and resistances for everyone equally .
coupled with the buff to tank items this has enabled assassins and fighters with innately high damage or scaling to be able to out trade almost everyone
went toe-to-toe with torrie and gave her a run for her money no mean feat considering torrie at her prime was the queen of the bikini contests .
such was her aura that her other contemporaries who were not known for their wrestling prowess stacy jackie dawn nidia were easily overshadowed by sable during her second-coming .
got good storylines as well played vixen to vince tormented steph and appeared on the cover of summer slam and playboy .
for all her enigma during the second run the only footage i found spell-binding was the bikini contest build-up and the actual match with torrie .
i wish we could get our hands on house show videos bikini contests with torrie and dawn and an intimate act with vince .
internet is littered with photos and they are out of this world
it is pretty comically all the possible outcomes being suggested here .
it seems you are possibly discussing stealing or stealing-related topics .
although this is against every countries ' rules and even a pesky commandment or two to those non-atheist filth it 's important to remember to be responsible .
content creators can only create said content because they receive funding from things you shit on .
stealing is an important freedom in our fascist dictatorships and it 's important to remember these things before you pass rightful judgement on thieves discussing it
some steal games because they believe the creator does n't deserve financial compensation for the state of the product that was released .
some steal something that they already bought simply to remove the drm .
some steal to emulate nes games they definitely had 25 years ago .
some steal to try products before they make a financial commitment to them .
some steal simply because they can not afford it .
but instead of stealing life sustaining nourishment it 's no man 's sky .
some steal to get something that 's no longer available .
nobody actually does but we 'll leave this here because it 's the one of two somewhat legitimate reasons .
some steal because their country censors or does n't import it .
despite the irony that pirating was stealing things from other countries this is a somewhat valid reason to do so .
if they do n't have access to it yet they use piracy as a method to access it before it 's available to them .
just like when greg who works at gamestop slips me a copy on monday .
i 'll totally pay him er uh gamestop later .
lastly here 's a few tips adblock is awesome for hiding fake download links .
fake download links are usually a sign of a reputable website please do n't help fund them .
deluge is an excellent open-source client that is n't in close cooperation with the mpaa unlike utorrent uninstall it as soon as possible oh my god i 'm gon na cum .
oh and remember torrenting in itself is n't illegal and it 's probably not stealing !
it 's simply a method of transferring copyrighted files .
it 's what copyrighted data you transfer that matters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingcirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
the recent russian boxcutter castration video unfortunately brought it back to a lot of people 's minds .
yeah if nothing else at least i 'm fairly certain of the very few people if any have 100 affinity for a single category '' but instead lean more or less towards a neighbouring category just as bisky noted in gon 's case .
i mean i 'm pretty certain we can take that part as an almost established fact .
regarding whether the parent 's affinity affects what their child 's affinity will end up looking like my two main reasons for suspecting that it might play a role is mainly because wing states in ch.60 that your nen category is determined by nature i.e genetics and who do you get your genes from if not your parents ?
and nurture and because both ging 's grandmother and kite use the phrase/saying '' blood will tell/blood tells '' to describe gon 's similarity to ging personality-wise and kite even adds '' and yours speak volumes '' indicating that gon has inherited a great deal of his personality from ging .
from there it 's not that far-fetched to draw the conclusion that whatever parts of gon 's personality that does n't resemble ging comes from his mother and his upbringing mainly mito and living in tune with nature and that gon 's personality which reflects his enhancer affinity is then a result of mixing all these factors together .
so while i 'm not saying it 's an obvious conclusion i at least think there 's enough breadcrumbs of information in support of the idea that i at least need to consider it if nothing else .
i 've been trying to slide into your dms for days now .
if you are interested in chatting a bit you wo n't regret it that 's my pitch .
but im confident you 'll be glad you answered !
i 'm sure you are flooded with them though .
lo statale in particolare professore è un lavoro da status quo .
nonostante ciò se una persona sta bene ed è felice,18 ore a settimana per 8/9 mesi l'anno sono un'ottima scelta per congelare tale situazione .
we require a minimum account age and karma as a spam deterrent .
messaging us to ask what they are will result in a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pussy if you have any questions or concerns .
to see if the op plans on undercutting the competition .
i 'm all for someone making their due but sakurarm does 4 buttons at approximately 9.50 which is n't bad and adding 3 small buttons and a d-pad for an extra 6 and shipping is a bit much .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpromoteonlyfans message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fpromoteonlyfans 2fcomments 2fwbdc2t 2fwould_you_like_to_know_what_i_taste_like 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
i saw something on twitter about claypool injuring his arm on a play .
bruv they were talking about how the consumer had 3 trillion dollars in savings last year .
then someone was like the consumers have 3 trillion in savings .
do n't worry some news reader or politician will tell us how shit is great .
some hoomer will talk about how their 50k crack house that 's now worth 350k will actually be worth 500k in a year .
and some investor will come in here and talk about how some obscure bullshit they heard some guy who makes commission off their ass told them everything is great .
you might be right but it 's not as much about quality here as it is about quantity .
we are threadbare in attack and one injury to anybody in that frontline can cause problems to our season if we do n't buy anybody else .
similar happened in 19-20 when martial and rashford got injured in different phases and we really struggled that season before lockdown managing our way to top 4 only after everyone was back in june .
mclaren 's philosophy regardless of the regs is a car that tends to be more stable but understeers .
ric has always prefered driving cars with a strong front end .
correct me if i 'm wrong but i think the planning has been scrapped due to the council and local backlash
not sure if you 're illiterate or just do n't care to pay attention to anything anybody else says .
time for someone who believes in canada to take over .
that 's why he wants to gut our institutions .
if you really want to know it depends there 's nuance between state/federal crimes and various states own criminal law itself but usually the first to arrest gets primary ownership and the second judge will determine if the convicted serves its charge consecutively or concurrently unless a state law already predetermines that outcome .
eg someone sentenced to jail for crimes in state could later be charged federally and upon sentencing be returned back to the state primary ownership but forced to serve federal sentence after consecutive because they deem the criminal not in custody once handed over .
but idk the details of r kellys charges/individual state law to say how it applies
for me storsge is not a problem i 'm living in a good house and dont have any issues .
but most people on the country side lives in simple houses that often leaks some water causing even higher humidity .
a fun thing is if you order a brand new on .
just to avoid corrosion might have some picture of well lets call them well oiled guns ''
if i get my hands on a keeper i usually puts on bluening or caracote just t o make it easier .
a nice blue finish incl magazines you pay ca php1500 just below 30usd
looking at the thumbnail i seriously dislike how much the corner of the room resembles a sturdy rope .
that really just looks like a poor edit in like ms paint .
he retired and deleted his channel in like 2011 .
since then he 's left the fps community entirely .
lolll that happens everytime i look up anything for the crz
my wife and i drive from san antonio to the denver area about 900 mi .
we leave at 6:00 a.m. get breakfast tacos or kolaches at the first stop sub sandwiches or fast food around noon and then we enjoy a nice sit-down dinner when we arrive in colorado at 7:00 p.m. 14 hours after we left .
that 's a much more relaxed and enjoyable meal than sitting down for a long lunch knowing you still have a lot of driving to do today .
we stop every 1 to 5 hours whenever we feel like it and the person who was driving before a stop never drives after that stop .
jesus ten down votes i legit have negative karma now
it wo n't be releasing at the same time as the file manager redesign but know we have team working on plugin integration at the same time.
we 're focusing on the file manager redesign and hoping to have hybrid mode included for coros 2.0.0 !
plugin integration will be in a future update after 2.0.0 however it is being worked on at the same time as hybrid mode and file manager redesign .
it was a long time ago when this happened because i stopped playing roblox in december 2021
you seems so mad what are your favorite games ?
i 'm not making funny of you i 'd just like to know people on this sub seems so angry are you a mobile player ?
imagine being both a beta white knight and a casual mobile player lmao ... shit i said i would n't make fun of your bum ass im sorry
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingcirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
my coworker has a subdermal magnet for pins and i 'm so jelly .
straight people are n't better or worse than gay people and vise versa
she kept repeating herself and slurring her words and not picking up at all that kathy was having none of it .
let 's just say that if my insult to you had a smell ... .you 'd know it was coming
high on one element maybe specifically for boiling water while the adjacent element high will be the same as medium on the first .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
i really wanted to use picos because i actually have a pair on hand but the dev branch does n't have adc enabled which i need for the joysticks .
latest comment on the rp2040 support thread on github says there 's no timeline on it being added .
he may have very respectfully asked to leave if a viable offer comes in from a ucl team the club has refused so maybe he 's respected the clubs wishes and will continue to give his all for the shirt simple .
my average was 514 and i had to guess pretty much the whole last passage something that i never done in fls .
again nobody is saying all satire will be removed .
it is just that some of it will be scaled back a bit .
you dont need to to be offensive to have satirical content/commentary .
feel whatcha sayin and u arent wrong or projecting at all
this there 's no way this business does n't have policies already in place for this .
op should have been informed before being put out on the ice for this ... nta op sounds like the bosses let some important details slip through .
sul perché neanche discuto sto dicendo che i numeri parlano chiaro e mostrano un ' efficacia non solo nulla ma negativa su cui sarebbe interessante investigare ma tanto é sicuro ed efficace no ?
it 's like a 10 difference between r5 rust and thundering pulse .
stinney did n't do it it was someone from their church that the police and family were covering for in my opinion .
iwobi is way less disappointing in his new position .
always got frustrated with him in the front right where he would constantly kick it into the defender 's shins .
he 's actually completing passes here in the middle .
as a reminder most common print quality issues can be found in the simplify3d picture guide https www.simplify3d.com/support/print-quality-troubleshooting .
make sure you select the most appropriate flair for your post .
please remember to include the following details to help troubleshoot your problem .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fixmyprint if you have any questions or concerns .
you sound a lot older than someone who was born in 2003
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
well yeah but he aint running on a platform of jim crow is he
glad to see a st. mary 's grad back in california 8
the dude above my comment was just saying that a lot of rp servers end up having weirdos on them which i can totally agree with from my experience with hardcore rp servers on garry 's mod for example .
he was not saying it to insult you and yet you got super defensive about it so i pointed out that you 're probably the sensitive type that he was describing .
which you again just proved by your defensive responses .
you have to learn to laugh at yourself and to see that not everything that 's a criticism is an insult .
the criticism was n't even directed at you just 18 rp in general .
maybe we can flip our firsts for a better first
if we had trails where i lived i would probably ride gravel .
but i 'm on the coast and it 's just like ... beaches ?
the only places to mountain bike for real are small ski mountains that are open for mountain biking in the summer and like every few days some moron is airlifted out because he was riding with no helmet and rode straight into a tree .
when you reach the lighthouse the first time each week the chest will have a number of drops
a low chance to drop the trials sparrow or ship
if you 're looking for an adept burden of guild it wo n't be dropping again for a few weeks i believe .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=genuineuk_guy .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
not only are they cleaner they come in fun flavors like toasted marshmallow .
i do n't have this brush set but i have another brow brush from bdb and it 's one of my favourite brushes ever .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any suggestion or support of harm violence or death and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
for those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit please click here https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria .
if you want to help make this community a better place consider applying here today https www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/sskg6a/rpolitics_is_looking_for_more_moderators !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
there are so many things wrong with this i do n't even know where to begin lol
you 're too young anyway if you 're from the us and it 's clearly making you act in ways you should n't be .
i 'm not really sure what i can say about this but i think you and your gf just need to talk it out and you need to make it clear to her you will no longer be drinking because you do n't want this to happen again .
let her know her feelings are valid and more important to you than drinking .
a natural contrarian i always wanted to color outside the box .
i had little respect for authority and a deep desire to challenge mainstream thought and opinion
it 's a shame we ca n't use our own thighs as pillows 😔 otherwise we 'd be literal gods
would you rather live beside a member of the taliban or an evangelical christian ?
so for a auto tree farm my best bet is a water wheel ?
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
she was 19 enough to vote enough to be an idiot
you are exactly correct i 'll have to make some serious changes including working well past my planned retirement age .
yes i 'll stop vacations and other spending and buckle down .
i might even have to drive for uber or door dash .
the thing is i 'm not too ashamed of doing those things .
yeah it 's sucks but it is what i have to do .
it 's 13 a month for the 1gb plan which can handle 20-40k pageviews a month or so .
unlimited sites on the server as well just have to upgrade when you get too many sites blogging it down or too much traffic .
i have 40 sites on a 2gb server with no issues
usually a skip for me especially early on in a run before i have more confidence in my deck .
extra card draw is nice but the 1hp per turn can quickly turn into pretty heavy hp loss against an elite or boss .
if i have tungsten rod already though i 'll happily pick it up
thanks for the advice as i wanswered to the other user other conophytum nearby were doing well so i did n't think it was sun exposure in the beginning
i used to work in online ad creation and fb will let you really narrow down the exact market you want your ads to target .
want people in a tri-county area of delaware that are in christian book clubs and are avid hunters that have an income between 150k and 225k with a minimum 2 years of college and the ads to only appear thursday-friday between the hours of 3-3:17am ?
yeah i played the game and now get paid to watch other people work .
you got ta be pretty stupid to think highly of humanity though .
my body never lets me stay asleep for 9 hours unless i did n't sleep at all the previous night .
id be more pissed than when the cook i work with dropped his bandaid in a kids cheeseburger .
heyy we could be friends or if you want someone to to talk to you could hmu
lol love that they are so obvious or oblivious .
we are supposed to believe lancaster is more distinct from the kindom of northumbria than lithuania and estonia are from all of russia ?
dont be afraid to lock in yuumi if ur team target bans u
not so easy if you have 20k every time you log in no matter how much you made the last session .
first seen here https redd.it/w8hk82 on 2022-07-26 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' wc2cqm '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=wc2cqm samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
non anziana gelmini e carfagna non sono anziane brunetta forse possiamo definirlo tale .
ad azione serve classe politica che sappia fare il politico che sappia muoversi tra i ministeri ecc ecc e questo lo sanno fare bene tutti gli ex fi
i was n't acting up because i am psychotic .
i was acting up because it was some of the worst pain i 've ever felt in my life .
i hope horse-dick henry is able to recover from the embarrassment of having a massive dong
i enjoy doing a slow series up updates to my character 's appearance getting rougher looking over time until the main quest is complete and changing to a modified version of their pre-war look .
i 'm not too far in and do n't wan na spoil anything only in chapter 2 but i do n't believe i have come across the perma death feature as of yet .
but again i 'm playing a blind playthrough so maybe i have without knowing and i 'm just really good at surviving the digital world haha 😅
yeah i think people just love to hate lena dunham more than they care about the truth .
she does do a lot of interesting things that are easy to hate tho .
i like to give awards to random people on non nsfw subs i follow so they are like aw let me check out this nice person who gave me an award .
they line up in the shotgun and the qb hands it off to the left .
he 'll be tackled for a gain of 3 .
3rd and 2. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunpositive message=they 20line 20up 20in 20the 20shotgun 2c 20and 20the 20qb 20hands 20it 20off 20to 20the 20left. 20he 27ll 20be 20tackled 20for 20a 20gain 20of 20 7byards 7d. 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d .
it 's 3rd and 2 on the lehigh 37 .
saw that you 'd mentioned it but canny mind the particulars .
jim gordon ... but should n't the people know the hero who saved them ?
even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a young boy 's shoulders to let him know that the world had n't ended .
morgantown is the home of trap games a trap house '' if you will .
genuinely i ca n't own certain cars and i ca n't do certain mods to the ones ive owned because the roads are n't quite good enough in my part of america and i do n't want to break anything .
anything to help getting older cards would be welcome d
i 've never seen a gaming community overreact to an update so much lol
was n't duckie gay and did n't know it yet ?
that 's what i got out of it but i may be thinking of real friends of mine .
why does everyone keep talking about pitching when we know thats the easiest hole to fill via free agency .
also who says mo wo n't trade for a starter as well ?
this is the year i feel like we stop pinching pennies and finally cash in our chuck e cheese tokens for that big prize .
plus since we 've been pinching for so long ive got a feeling we have wayyyyy more chuck e tokens than were leading others too believe .
i 'm sure they will tell each other after the vote but in past seasons they do n't show the fallout because they have to show 5 family visits and a dumping within an hour show .
sometimes i like looking at this pic it 's so hot is that bad to say 🥰💋
yes this is basically what i did as well !
i believe i was also using aloe then i have been using it for at least a year now .
i think aquaphor is probably better than vaseline in some ways because it has panthenol and some other ingredients like that in it i love it for my tattoos .
it took a bit of time to get used to it .
i mainly use it because it works so much better with my notebooks format .
i just wrote out an example of how another scripture about the law might factor into verse 34 but you did n't say anything about it .
specifically what have you done to consider the other scriptures that talk about the law ?
critical reading is the process of reading texts with the purpose to understand them fully .
it involves asking questions about the author 's intention the text 's structure and purpose and the meanings of individual words and phrases .
critical readers also consider the context in which a text was written and how it might be interpreted by different audiences . ''
what have you done to understand the text fully ?
what questions have you asked about the author 's intention or the text 's purpose ?
what have you done to consider the author 's meaning of 'law ' ?
what have you done to consider the context in which the text was written ?
in a way you 're right that i do n't follow verse 34 because those words by themselves are not scripture .
why would i follow something that 's not scripture ?
it 's only scripture when it 's read within the context of scripture .
uc clearly who ever created this never had a ps1 .
it belongs on a wall in a shop not on trails .
save your money for something modern buying this is a bad idea .
i 'm probably not the best source i 'm a but i 'd say wait til you 're at a higher level to learn sdpc .
i picked it up early and now i 'm too reliant on it .
i 'd say the only openers you should learn at some point are pco sdpc and tki .
and tki should be the focus because it 's the most versatile
well he got a fair point if those thing are stuff that he does n't want to see then he will not like 0 .
also while 0 give some context to future okabe it does n't change the ending and if he is satisfied with it then its okay to not watch more .
stormlight archive again because you 've missed a lot of stuff
come back here when you 're done with that .
unfortunately i did get in way more fights than i ever wanted to when i was younger .
some guys just do n't like to see another dude having a good time and they wan na try to get noticed or something .
i got in more fights at parties from guys that seemed jealous that i was talking to girls .
only thinking that cause at the end of last season after the break up she said she was n't sure if they could work together going forward .
but considering jason helped throw her a birthday party you are probably right !
aokiji did well against him even managed to counter attack oldbeard haki infested bisento before jozu save the old man
akainu casually stopped oldbeard quake with his foot an d managed to fight equally before oldbeard aids bite him in the ass
kizaru just straight up trolling and bullying this dying oldman lol
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=xenshaedn
let me guess you think you deserve 3 for handing me a 10 can of beer ?
if there has never been an exchange server then you do n't need to do those steps .
there are no mail attributes on your ad objects so you can continue to manage them from the cloud .
the back side is one giant door that the postal person can open so they can put mail in without opening each door individually .
my wife and i have actually taken katsuobushi packets to shabu shabu to get a better soup broth
i had it anchored under a piece of driftwood and it spread probably 8 inches in either direction over rocks and other wood .
the bits closer to the surface are very healthy and green .
so i 'll move the main ball around so it gets more light and hope for the best .
nada além do que é digitado na urna pode registrar voto
because pucci is a chad who does n't have a 30 minute monologue before killing a hero borrowing the other characters just enough time to save him
celestial warlocks came out in xanathar 's 3 years before tasha 's and summon celestial .
i 'm personally in favor of dm 's retroactively fixing subclass spells .
i just have a lot of faith in belichick to do what needs to be done .
there was one ex i missed for the longest time because he was talented and thoughtful .
maybe it 's because i 'm all drugged up but i do n't miss anyone i used to date .
i do n't even really miss the people i 'm dating at times .
if your stuff is in package it 's not in base and opposite few exceptions but the idea is there .
if you want the list of all available packages they are in the cvs .
fox sn95 new edge it 's all the same chassis and yes you would have to remove the pan hard bar .
but unless youve done gears before or someone who has done it and has the expensive tools to do it you 're gon na fuck it up
this submission has automatically been removed due to the following rule
rule 2 ask purchase and shopping questions in the shopping setup and technical help desk at https reddit.com/r/audiophile/about/sticky
requests for product opinions comparisons and general purchase advice must be made in the dedicated shopping setup and technical help desk instead of a new post .
in short this is a large subreddit with a high volume .
we want to help but it 's important to keep things organized to keep the sub fun .
a more detailed explanation about this rule can be found here .
the post can usually be found on the top r/audiophile and titled shopping setup and technical help desk .
i 'm a bot and i sometimes make mistakes .
if you 've read this message and still think it 's an error please message the r/audiophile moderators https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/audiophile subject=u/transducerbot 20removal 20error message=please 20review 20/r/audiophile/comments/w31c5j/best_computer_speaker_recommendations
tbf old diana was very very easy like legit one of my first champions
this is too broad of a question need to set context .
instead of what i got you got ta get it put it in you '' ... how about what id like is if like to hug and kiss you ''
bro i still had spiderman blankets till i was 21
convened an alternate slate of electors to declare him president
here https www.azmirror.com/2022/06/29/updated-trumps-fake-electors-heres-the-full-list is a list of all 84 electors that falsely declared trump won .
the only thing that stopped him was mike pence refusing to go along with the scheme .
then the supporters at trumps stop the steal rally took a short walk to the capitol where they paraded through the halls chanting hang mike pence. a white house aide testified that upon hearing about the chants trump said he deserves it.
the other elections you mentioned were contentious and some presented constitutional crises but the eventual loser conceded defeat and power was transferred peacefully .
but what‘s crazy is that these hearings that you 're shitting on have proof of all this stuff and people are either actively ignoring it or not even noticing .
it is wild that people are n't paying more attention to this .
paparazzi should do like lethal pursuer and give an other slight boost i think
the original comic was also highly critical of bush corporations cia and the military industrial complex .
maybe the boys in general just is n't for them lol .
weed actually has the opposite effect on my mouth .
black market ... as this gear is not available to the common galactic citizen for purchase .
usually the manufacturer of such empire gear sells it in the black market while also selling it to the empire .
obviously i know i was just being dumb and messing with him no way he could actually believe that the feds do n't give warnings lmao
in a similar light i 've always been curious if my perception that players that leave the mets become superstars elsewhere is as true as it feels
he 's a scumbag he once tried to lift up my skirt and said what kind of goodies you got there ? ''
he 's made a lot of women cry at work with terrible jokes '' .
he once asked an asian colleague why do ya 'll have flat faces ? '' .
like he 's such a low down piece of scum but after seeing that beating i just feel so blah .
i always wonder what these people look like/how they act irl
i feel like someone in his situation has probably dealt with racism and would not want his daughters to ever deal with it .
he has never shown to be racist before and there was nothing said to believe it had anything to do with race .
this ... .hits me with memories i forgot i made at school.. 😭 currently at jc so i 'll still be able to experience some of these one last time d
do you mind me asking why are you thinking of leaving goc
pretty much everything requires an account not everything required an account attached to a social media platform .
that difference is what made some countries pass laws against it .
you needed an account to make this post ... .
wow i had n't even considered some of those aspects .
nice to get a perspective and input on that .
i feel that my fun bubbly personality is great and my seduction skills are also a bonus but you 're right on the part that i 've never considered how that may work long term .
i have n't had a long term relationship in years .
good job i was bonking her with crusher prelate and knights resolve on both with cold doing about 5400 per jump .
had a dagger with blood hound to change up when she did the silly dance .
you may want to look on task rabbit for this
in my mind watch duty shift work and long hours no thanks .
stay mindful origin signed by nate perkins 8/10 177g 20
i do that for people who are shitty at mira lol .
do you know how many times i have seen a soft walk breached by ash and my team fucking wiped out ?
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
we switched to wavlink after having constant issues with plugable .
only problem is stock i usually buy as many as i can when i see them
i 'm familiar with this program helped out in the past and know the folks involved in putting it on and it 's definitely a cool experience .
it introduces you to a few topics you 'll see in ece and allows you to build a final project with the skills you learn .
a very cool aspect is industry and student org talks they have folks working at companies professors and grad students and student org reps from engineering orgs giving talks through the program so there 's certainly a lot to learn .
that said the price tag is kind of hefty since there 's a lot of program materials so it 's certainly a consideration .
if you have the means would say its very much worth your time !
if the overwhelming majority of these cops behaved as no more than bystanders we need to reassess police training and even the use they serve to society and public safety .
if you are defending the universality of the bystander effect then the question becomes why we consistently make the mistake of assuming cops are able to be anything more than bystanders .
fyi there are plenty of non-cops who can use even a fraction of bloated police budgets and many of those are social workers and teachers .
particularly if you want to reduce even the need for bloated police budgets both social workers and teachers are far more effective at helping young adults avoid the school-to-prison pipeline a preventative measure that could have even given this shooter another path other than shooting up a school with kids inside .
that 's certainly a big deal and alongside marshall will draw out fans but the chapel hill home game is the biggest home game in the history of boone .
trying to get tickets to that game is insane .
i guess someone op did n't go to statistics 101 .
not like there are n't certain societal disadvantages that explain the stats though .
everything you said is exactly what i think as well .
koga unironically goku ssj is an lr even though he is n't his strongest version .
we also scouted magallan for two years and payed nine million for him only for him to become the worst defender to ever put on an ajax shirt .
women pointing guns at their partners is n't fucking normal .
i got a diamond shake today have n't seen a regular diamond shake in a long time and it was a dynamic ratings card .
first time this has happened since they made the packs available during the week last week .
i still got an all-star pink diamond but it is n't one of the ones available in the paid packs .
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
but not an american one because they 'll try to cut it off .
try george remus and one of the pinhook bottles the orange top is a decent daily pour for 35
we killed jesus for telling the truth and he loved us through it .
we should expect a lot worse than just getting banned from subreddits when we speak the truth in love .
depends on her loadout mob is albacore wyvern boss is double ryuusei or d-4
though boss may go for parallel if the boss is too fast
not everyone can get used to mouse and keyboard unfortunately .
yeah it seems really difficult to agree to a peace deal when the other sides 1st chapter of governance is kill all jews '' maybe when palestinian citizens get rid of hamas things will improve .
rukavice su smijeh ali cura je top pa joj opraštam može nositi i kroksice ak hoće d
yep every preview and every content was recorded on site .
i wouldnt expect review copies to hit before 1-2 weeks till release
i 'd recommend razer controller as they easily outlast originals microsoft ones
wow at a minimum this makes for an incredible personal assistant .
the google assistant is about to get a hell of a lot better in the next few years .
they are charging people money to come see it .
it may not be in the final form it will ever be in nothing ever is but it is absolutely a fully formed work .
watching my team currently lose 0-10 and trying to be hopeful this news will change our competitive structure against the top teams .
texans do n't know their front end from their rear end .
i have lived here for 22 years and want out .
in my case https github.com/cons-cat/libcat i 'm running this on x86-64 void linux .
the basic problem is that this library supersedes libc or posix due to their numerous pessimizations and design flaws so anything that calls into pthreads or malloc can not work correctly if it even links and/or compiles which includes lib std c .
an stl is a dependency of fmt so by extension fmt can not work with this .
libcat allocators provide imho a much more powerful and readable programming-model which is irreconcilably different from the stl allocator style .
hopefully i 'll have some blogs about the design going once it 's a little further along .
fmt not throwing exceptions if i tell it not to is kind of like telling lib std c not to .
i still need an error handling mechanism but now instead of exceptions i 'd have nothing .
libcat 's string formatting uses the error-handling sum-types used throughout the rest of the library .
i was going by the match graphic i saw on ig .
makoto 's cool with me now but i used to groan .
edit i would delete this and start over with the match correctly stated but nay it should stand as a monument as to why i should n't create threads .
online training is still there for those crazy enough to do it .
taking offline training away would only make people bot/macro even more
it was so tight they both almost had to come
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greatview if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've had it pre-ordered from all the anime since december .
well i can understand pre ts had a charm of its own and had character but some criticisms like death basic shounen powerups etc were as present back then as now .
i think the reduced pressure while we waited to decide next steps helped .
and yes as i typed every single word of that i thought how ft would involve our good friend derek .
do n't let conference realignment distract you from the fact that the last time usc was relevant outside of carroll was the fucking 70s
these little pissing matches are petty and annoying but i ca n't let this one go .
you 're going to need to define relevant '' because it seems the bar is so damn high that oregon has only ever been relevant for a very brief period under chip kelly ...
in the 80s usc won 4 pac 10 championships and 2 rose bowls .
oregon won a pac championship but got beat pretty bad in the rose bowl .
washington was clearly the class of the pac in the 90s .
in the 2000s ... well ... you tried to ignore this one but usc won the pac 7 times winning multiple rose bowls national titles etc etc .
we only won one rosebowl that we backed into .
since the 70s though no pac team has won as many national titles rose bowls or even bowl games as usc .
the 90s were n't great and the 2010s were worse .
but i think it 's telling that our bar is so high that many of you would take our success in those periods in a heartbeat .
i mean consider this over the last 5 years oregon and usc have exactly the same pac 12 record .
op was a prick for posting their random attack on oregon .
does n't justify being flat out wrong about not relevant '' .
in other words do n't overthink it too much op .
there will be gluten-free versions of all your favorites and you 'll feel a ton better 🤗 .
why did you marry someone with such bad communication ?
you may ask how many vehicles have i ruined ?
i do n't think bloodstained posts are breaking the rule here but there 's a dedicated subreddit for the franchise itself r/bloodstained
they have n't even called it a war yet .
how many armies did they destroy before beating the germans ?
late level story quests actually start giving decent experience past lvl 180 especially but the fastest route is still sf fields at hot times
as long as you switch to face me right before i cum so i can play with your tits
they did n't partner but if i recall well disney did grant them permission to do the fundraiser .
disney would also sue if they tried to make for profit performances and netflix would n't if this one had been for charity
5am is pretty but you ca n't do anything .
update my superior cunning and painstakingly lightfooted waltzing allowed me to clear orc:2 using up a few dispensable scrolls and potions many dispensable minions and absolutely zero dispensable lives .
what 's more sif had a prize for me waiting in the depths of the mines they gave me knowledge of monstrous menagerie malign gateway and summon horrible things and then ensured the floor had two competing book merchants one is even undercutting the other 's price by nearly half for a book of power !
i picked up cactus giant in a book of scorching at the first shop i came to the level had still only been half-cleared .
now at the boutique my two best options are paying 646 for book of beasts which would give me knowledge of summoning mana vipers or 510 for great wizards ii which contains instructions for tukima 's dance passage of golubria and yara 's violent unravelling .
would the great avatar of feline highness be willing to dispense their advice upon this unworthy aspirant of furry grace ?
context we were talking about games and he threw his height randomly in the mix
all joking asalad she 'd be a perfect fit .
they definitely could use someone like her who 's great in irl streams would also bring a slightly new audience in .
i 'm actually really curious as to who the next member could be if it 's even in their plans .
i have offshore accounts i am not a criminal .
i do n't want my life to be held hostage by one country .
if your post uses an everyone demographic please remember to ensure that your survey really is for anyone and everyone .
certain questions or lack of answers may restrict who can answer like asking for a specific state restricting answers to the us or your gender options being only male or female .
additionally please keep the comments about the survey posted whether talking about content of the survey giving constructive criticism or talking about concerns for the survey in general .
please remember to be civil among other things and do not post your survey in the comments of this post .
users sharing their surveys in an unsolicited fashion who are not authorized by mods and not op to advertise their surveys in the comments of others ' .
and as a gentle reminder if you need to contact the moderators please use the message the mods '' form on the sidebar .
do not contact moderators directly unless they contact you first .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
i wondering how it will compare to the zap version of the dino megazord
florida man comes out of a fridge to hunt down his son
mia goth looks fantastic in the new trailer for the x '' prequel pearl '' .
i absolutely loved x '' and i know that this prequel is going to be just as good .
they really are going to release this film six months after the original ... iconic .
one will kill you for the lulz the other as part of a grander scheme .
and i seem to clear 30 seconds slower than the challengers doing the same fucking clear path
i 've lost count of the number of times i 've had to say that .
your random quote from the movie the incredibles is '' hey speedo !
i wonder what the worst injury in one of these is .
i feel like this is surprisingly good baseball compared to like most celebrity sports games
i ca n't know how to hear any more about constables .
citation needed buddy not a single puerto rican i know likes the term
and i can find many online sources of puerto rican and hispanic people hating the term one of the reasons being x is barely a letter represented in the language and the way it 's pronounced makes speaking more difficult
i remember i used to feel the same with my husband and there was no reason to .
i do n't know why i ever had competition because he was definitely not someone who deserved it but i did .
i did therapy and wow it really changed me and improved so much .
our communication got better and i was able to process/reflect on things in a healthy way .
i 'm sorry but they 've got to bring in people to get all this brazen stuff under control .
i had to move away a year ago for work but still have a house there .
every time i go back it 's nothing but awful stories .
not that it will ever be crime free but damnit it needs to be livable .
kind of off topic but can anyone tell me what actually started the fight in the first place ?
like what they were arguing about that made christi shove the drink out of her hand ?
i have n't watched this episode in ages and honestly forgot what the whole fight was even about .
as long as there is no yellow staining and it smells mushroomy/pleasant you are likely correct
i want to speak to him on the phone before we meet .
no need to go radio silent after we agree to the date .
if we 're a good match we will have plenty to discuss .
125 yrs after luke skywalker if memory serves me correctly .
the main charecter is a decendant of luke by the name of cade skywalker
play in whatever order you want i did ep i. i did n't buy anything other than .
after each trilogy i 'd go back and free play to grind studs/bricks/data cards etc .
i became pretty op pretty quickly 2ith the stud magnet and collectible detector .
if i play the whole story then try to go back i 'll get bored quickly bc there 's nothing to the game besides just 100 ing it .
but if i take a break between trilogies or even episodes to explore and power up i 'll get more done get more hours out of it and complete more
because the source bot ca n't register a lot of sites so posting the picture with the source attached is easier
i did it was the only thing to pop up .
issue is my computer does n't start up reliably .
i do n't know what it could be i have tried everything i could .
i can verify this plow truck driver for state highway
ochem over the summer is difficult even more so if the prof isnt the best .
if you need support in 8b feel free to reach out to me whenever !
you would be wrong on the fact that it 's an intake .
taking candid pics of kids and posting it on the internet is uber creepy
u/valuableok1 please verify use this link https www.reddit.com/r/petite/wiki/edit/getverified failure to verify when asked by one of the mod team will result in you being muted until verified .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a separate account for my cat videos and porn because lovely people like yourself will stalk other people 's profiles in an effort to discredit or embarrass them .
whatever my motivation or sincerity discrediting me will not refute the facts .
the responsibility is on the adult not the child .
he had so many opportunities to be an adult and end things .
aria 's dad even orchestrated an amazing job opportunity for him but he still decided that he wanted to continue having sex with a child .
the vegas summer banners were my most anticipated for a long time but my absolutely awful experience with them was almost comical .
first time around i dropped so much money i do n't even know how much .
desperately wanted to get musashi and was compelled to spend until i did only to wind up with an arjuna summer osakabe and np5 carmilla .
so salty i deleted the game and quit for a year right then and there .
second time around came back for musashi again and got another carmilla this time good for nothing but rare prism .
decide this banner is cursed so i wait for the second one .
this time i only wanted penguin melt so i figured chances looked good .
dropped 300 bucks only to get bunny artoria the five star i did n't want .
i deleted the game again and got very close to getting chargeback on my credit card out of sheer spite .
i guess gssr was the gacha gods ' way of apologising to me because i got summer musashi and okita on it .
ordinarily i might 've been happier but i honestly do n't think there 's any coming back from that godawful summer banner experience .
i am never spending on this game again and from here on out i do n't see myself caring much about this game nearly as much as i used to either .
but it 's nice playing around with castoria and musashi so i 'll stick around for now .
at least saving sq will be easier from here on out .
i am trying to separate things but it is difficult for me .
i am going to talk to my supervisor about this
young jonny bairstow has finally morphed into old jonny bairstow .
if you did n't stridently and vocally oppose mask mandates and vaccine mandates i am 100 not interested in your opinion on bodily autonomy '' .
oh cool i saw that post earlier did n't realise it was you .
that 's worth more than any merch they 're selling at the circuit maybe not in cash though
while i agree to an extent due to it meaning they value him on the lower end of the plethora of prospects they have they also needed to clear room for their perceived best prospects to play .
not saying he 's a perfect fit for us but some nba team will give him another shot .
wait ... aside from black panther are there really that many ?
i feel like someone is making this an issue when it is n't one .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
ah okay thanks lol if i were to get those would it instruct me on how to unlock and level stuff up in them instead of wz ?
you can review the 6 stages typically for local tier 1 matches prior to the match and all 20 people in your squad a few minutes before the start of that stage..
they safety officer read the stage brief prior to starting the stage and you can plan what you want to do ...
i 'm a newbie but the participants typically walk/run the stage in their planning..
there are 20 people trying to do this at the same time on each of the stages 3 squads of 20 people so i just plan it in my head because i do n't want to get in the way of the peeps who are all in.. only my 4th uspsa match that shit is competitive and most of these shooters are phenomenal ! ! ! ! !
two more matches and i 'll be classified 👏👏👏👏 shooting results for a c class so far and i 'm more than happy with that just bought my 1st gun in april 2021 .
there were only two people in my squad that were n't classified and the rest were masters gm mostly a 's and two c ' s..
the best part is that they are sooooo willing to help out and give advice ! ! ! !
following their advice once the buzzer goes off is another thing 😂😂 ...
this stage only had 24 shots 14 targets all the others had 28 or 32 ... that 's a whole lot of targets hidden and can only be seen from a certain spot on the course because of barriers barrels doors etc ...
if that makes any sense lol.. look up a local chapter for matches on practiscore.com and you can search for matches in your area.. not gon na lie it is pretty fun ! ! ! !
abortion up to week 15 is legal in florida .
desantis response ad showing california cities going dark with rolling blackouts piles of human shit on the sidewalks homeless camps in the downtown of every major city and more people handing out clean needles to junkies then there are cops on patrol .
and that 's just the first ad to roll out ... ... 😁😁😁
you being too lazy to read does not make you correct .
this is a stupid person 's rendition of what he thinks a victorian mystery would sound like .
he was literally against every religion that was kind of his thing .
does his statements against christianity make him christiano phobic ?
with him unlike people like sam harris i do n't think there is any dislike specifically towards muslim people .
what you have described sounds a lot like a life partner and simply a fleeting friendship .
if she means this much that you have laid your heart on the line then it seems as if you are falling for her pretty hard .
i think you need to tell her what youre telling us .
and if it dont work out its a legit life adventure worth taking just the same as solo traveling
is that bird trying to fuck some sence into him
turk here i like germany bcuz i am born and raised here in berlin .
i love it here so much that i have n't traveled to turkey in over 10 years or to anywhere .
the drawing is super creepy idk what it is but its uncanny
but i can tell there is more to the story than the translations are capable of expressing .
certain ideas or concepts just do n't mean the same thing out of their original tongue .
the art speaks to me in a way the text can not .
i also do not need to have everything make sense to be satisfied .
i always think of artists in general as people who can not not create .
sounds like a typically miserable person with a great life who ca n't get off the internet to realize how good he has it .
i remember how i loved to discover new place i love how the map is well though and each new npc too !
i had two nintendo 64 but sold them long ago unfortunately .
my two gamecube two gameboy advance sp i sold everything like a dumbass
haha that made me chuckle you would n't have called me that after my temper tantrum when they cut earn rates and card benefits though 😂
put me in a trance for a good month .
those look like the new growth that comes from the center yeah ?
if they are coming out with black tips from the start i read that 's a sign of overwatering .
could also be uv damage if you 've had any heavy sun lately .
my area has also being peak of summer uv rays are the worst and sunburning on the tips is common .
a shade cloth or row cloth would protect them during midday .
definitely true although the guy in the video could have not known there was a camera .
wait did i completely misunderstand a post about lesbians thinking it was bi-focused ?
i wish you a successful operation benign status a rapid recovery and a long healthy life .
i think my quickest one was thiyeri my lutari .
i got him from a friend and literally his first zap turned him mutant which was my end goal lol .
dion thinks all you got to do is drag and drop the correct answers but it 's way more than that .
they will give you pbqs which need networking map understanding
you do n't get in between a man whose entire life and personality and existence is predicated on one 15 minute event .
i would try to get some more crit rate even at the expense of a little bit of crit damage .
how do you fund con on an iron without combat ?
i remember seeing those in the neighborhood coming home in the bus .
gon na hope to work this charm soon haha .
he said it on howie mandel 's podcast that was posted here a few days ago
i think they will either launch smaller modular pieces with reuseable starships that can assembly on-orbit or dedicated stay in space '' starship with more optimized thrusters .
plain reusable starships are too valuable to just leave in space .
they also have a lot of mass dedicated to atmospheric landings .
they could launch an empty lightweight dedicated habitat with the minimal propulsion to reach orbit and maneuver in space .
a normal reusable starship would supply the heavy stuff like water and fuel possibly additional radiation shielding material .
if that does n't work they will build habitation modules that fit inside the starships ' payload bays .
have the same s29 batch it 's a killer watch
i used to love taking the wind out of the sails of people using this kind of rhetoric .
it feels good to poke fun at how delusional the mentality is .
most of them have never held a gun before .
but now i just feel sad reading these pseudo-manifesto calls to arms .
i feel sad because i realize that all they 're doing is expressing fear and anger .
it 's a type of coping with political impotence .
they realize that oligarchs are slowly deconstructing our democracy brick by brick and instead of coming to terms with the fact that we 're not as in control of the world around us as we 'd like to be they fantasize about themselves becoming militant revolutionaries just like in the story of our country 's founding .
the way shit is going downhill in this country is being done slowly and with purpose .
if all of our rights were stripped overnight there would be riots in the street .
instead they just let one slip at a time .
people wo n't revolt if they have too much to lose .
people can adapt to slight changes in our society .
as long as these changes are done gradually over the course of a few decades there will hardly be a fight .
tbh if you were asked your opinion in a country that does n't allow freedom of expression would n't you just answer the safest way ?
hell you ca n't even protest in any way shape or form ... and they track/hunt for conspirators or free thinkers ... is it really even possible to have an accurate survey of the average russian/population ?
my hair is about 1 inch below my collarbone and have some shaggy long layers .
looking for a cut change and possibly color but i find that lighter brightens me up .
canada is the little brother who was way too loyal to one parent but somehow in both directions .
i 'm shocked that all those g1 transformers are free definitely going to try some out .
not going off last season but our entire two seasons before that was built around rashford making runs off the ball behind the defence .
neither is werner 's running elite like mane to warrant an outlay .
one area is obviously that werner presses great off the ball and rashford is a much better dribbler but otherwise it 's a player that should be looked at only if rashford is sold .
i 'm inclined towards hudson odoi of the three because his technician is the best of the lot and is the best dribbler of the four .
consistency is what he is lacking which gets affected by tuchel 's constant rotation and deploying him at rwb .
that 's the kind of player imo ten hag would relish coaching if he were at ajax .
but yeah best connection is with ziyech who 'd be an alternative to antony but i do n't know if he is quick enough for pl .
the player should be a runner as eriksen bruno frenkie and even sancho require runners around them to perform at their best .
r/onlyfanspetite is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
the whalers got roasted for it at the time but playing in a mall was just an early version of the whole stadium entertainment complex development concept .
i see the handle bar is different and you swapped out the pedals ?
i figured that was the reason ... but wanted to check other possibilities
if the man and woman choose of their own volition to have unsafe sex together then who 's denying them liberty and due process except themselves ?
99.9 of the time the pregnancy is either chosen willingly or it happens because the man and/or woman did n't have safe sex .
no one is denying the woman her life or due process she herself made that choice the moment she let her man raw dog her without a condom on .
do n't forget how you feel about helping kill the planet
i 'm running a fund raiser for tools rightnow .
do youwant to cap the cut off your toes when something heavy falls on your foot ?
modern safety boots have plastic caps much lighter and safer
simulato ora una settimana a caorle da domani camera per due .
ottenute 3 pagine di alberghi liberi dagli 800 euro in su .
poi testato lignano sabbiadoro 5 pagine di risultati e qui costa dai 650 x 2 a settimana .
i posti ci sono e i prezzi sono i soliti
supposedly hes in foster care ... .but who really knows wtf is really going on ?
accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/bonermaterial .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bonermaterial if you have any questions or concerns .
there was like 50k people living in the city at least right ?
and now there is 20 old people that still lived in the soviet union that are happy does n't feel like it 's the majority
fun fact on ptb there is no difference between t1 surge and t3 surge .
then perhaps you may want to buy ya kun kaya toast 's kaya spread at
dude shut up on all of your comments you get down voted your not funny leave me alone you did n't need to respond like 8hours later also you ca n't take a joke
i discovered i had aphantasia late in life and i sought professional help but found nothing .
and given enough time i can explain it to anyway in layman 's terms .
a heat lamp after a nice shower is 10/10 .
i ca n't be the only to think someone that age is n't dating your age for conversation
wave race vr ... .so we can at least not be mostly sad on a vr jetski ...
i actually like it better in some ways tbh .
not a fan of that plastic guard over the cup turrets on the new ones .
you have a long way to go tbh ... ... 2 .
reddit did n't let me view that last message you sent i 'm sorry 😔
and i 'm saying this so you have a wakeup call you are acting soooooooo immature for your age !
please get therapy and show them this post because there are multiple issues that you have to probably would prevent your for having an equal loving relationship .
here is already lesson 1 with decent people you ca n't buy love nor respect with expensive gifts !
mandate or not i hope people take wearing masks seriously this time .
yeah it wo n't be 100 effective but still better than no protection at all both for the attendees and the kids .
at least one explosion in belgorod is likely a failed pantsir sam russian source https t.me/romanov_92/21374 ? single
they claim that the wreckage they found is from tochka-u but no photo evidence yet .
there is an alleged video of ballistic missiles being launched from kharkiv https t.me/romanov_92/21378 .
in kursk the russians shot down old tu-143 drone s .
i would like to watch sunny doing a number two every morning from her lovely sexy dirty poop hole
he thought he was helping i do n't think he was a bad guy just very misguided .
the army general guy was way more of a pos .
real men watching barbie because it 's starring ryan he 's literally me '' gosling
loss of manpower means that law enforcers are stretched thin so crime is rampant .
mass graves visited by survivors trying to find their loved ones or just to cry out their grief .
broken and beached warships are now shelters for people who lost their homes in air attacks .
widows and orphans doing menial work to survive crippled soldiers begging in the streets .
some organizations try to cling to the remnants of former glory talk about revenge and hate anyone who could be even remotely related to the wyvern country .
they want to vent their anger on someone anyone .
they want someone to blame and since they are unable to get to the wyvern people innocents are possibly under attack .
i had the mg100fx and the headphone out was almost unusable on the distortion channel it was like listening to angry bees in a can .
the clean channel was at best passable for a short practice .
hate to tell you but i do n't think there 's anything wrong with your amp it just does n't sound good with the headphone out .
i recently got a blackstar ht5r and the headphone out quality is night and day particularly on the clean channel it almost sounded as authentic as playing without headphones .
given that the headphone quality is important to you i might suggest you get a decent audio interface such as the focusrite scarlett and a good plugin such as anything from neural dsp .
simply plug your interface into your laptop plug in your guitar to the interface launch your plugin on your laptop .
you will get quality tones that exceed the quality of the headphone out of many otherwise very very good amps .
iron gold was a bit different from the first three books but well worth it for what happens in dark age .
how was jade city and the wheel of time ?
your post was automatically removed for being a mobile link .
you can typically do so by removing the '.m ' or 'amp ' portion from your url .
if reddit wo n't allow you to resubmit the non-mobile version add ? sometexthere to the end of the url to trick reddit into thinking that it 's a new url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/news if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
but it could also be added to the nintendo online thing .
but then it would be like the splatoon dlc where me and my freind where pissed because we had paid for it and we found out it can be gotten for free
but i really like alcohol and it does n't negatively affect my standard of living .
i think people should have the choice to buy what they want to buy and companies should have the freedom to advertise their product .
every single possible combination of people share some views in common for example you should n't walk around town naked and have some they disagree on for example if they like celery .
some of those views are trivial and really do n't matter but some make a big difference to the way you behave and live .
if you are cautious with money work hard save a proportion of it and save up for nice holidays or to buy a house then it will be very difficult to have a relationship with someone who thinks money is a man made invention which is harmful who does n't like working who gives any money they have away and just lets everyone else buy things for them .
also if you want to expand your views in life there are plenty of people around that you can learn from .
it does n't have to be your partner in particular .
stay present and do n't entertain thoughts of death when they pop into your mind
bearing arms is n't the same as having the right to owning a gun .
people in the military do n't own the guns they bear .
oh i missed that i 'll have to re watch the trailer that seems like a silly thing to put in the trailer .
and yes i used the same paint that i used on my gun for work .
he 's an elven time mage warlock which is a bit unorthodox yet very fun .
thanks for the free contest and gl to everyone ! !
yes the farms that are doing this are all located on the moon .
i bet that blunt tastes as good as you look 😏
i could see her completely platonically marrying lilith for tax benefits and making access to human stuff easier for lilith 's research ... but mainly for the tax benefits
red hair boobs just enough personality and backstory to work with but not enough to restrict headcanons .
plus she has the same sword and shield combination as jaune who seemed like a standard shonen anime protagonist at first meaning people could easily project onto him .
honestly i just want to see what ending from fo4 is cannon
for someone who believes they 're living wrong you sure believe that you 're always correct .
no need to assume that i 've been through psychiatric help after i told you that i prefer go through my stupidity alone .
but yes i think you would benefit but it is up to you after all ... lol
i need to service you and empty those eggs !
depends on the game tbh ... stardew valley had an iron grip on me for months 'd
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greatview if you have any questions or concerns .
the storyline went on well with the romance and i like that .
i also love that they 're showing the relationship between harrison and austin .
giant 's fiancé is such a lovely character as well—i was panicking when i thought she was marius ' fiancé ! ! !
i 'm glad that rosa admitted into her feelings rather than is oblivious to it or to marius .
she was real cool with her conversation with harrison .
also the ! window ! and ! text ! scene was so adorable !
same with the scene where ! she was poking him on his cheek the sitting on the bed scene ! etc !
the specific conflict between marius and rosa 's is very fun to see as well even though it 's the somewhat cliché which can be pretty eh at times if it does well enough ! rich/ordinary hopes/reality wants/need .
as i see many people have done this task with a help of the derry 3194 .
i was not the only one it 's nice .
this argument is absolutely trying to have your cake and eat it too .
if someone looks like a goat that 's because they were one and got rewarded for it .
josh was just that deeply unpopular and played a dirtier game .
you can say haleena hyped him up which she did but he played a goat 's game .
he made himself look so bad on purpose '' is such a hollow way to explain away bad gameplay .
he was a great social player but it 's also ok to admit that his agency at the end of the game was extremely minimal and hinged upon josh and betty mistakenly thinking they could make themselves look better than kevin .
it 's not right to judge someone 's game solely on comp wins but they are really important as a factor of proving agency which kevin did not do .
i want them to remake stellaris as a gsg instead of a 4x .
maybe make the map a few dozen stars but with ten times as much fidelity per star ?
i think i 'm describing falling frontier but a gsg .
the salt of this god of the sea guy 💀
dying from shock caused by intense pain is a real thing
at blackpool alot of those rides date back to the 30s .
things were smaller back then it 's well known at blackpool that even the ride lines are smaller the turnstiles and yes even the rides themselves cater for smaller frames .
i find it a squeeze and i 'm not big !
just saying ... might be worth not worrying quite so much maybe
i know i was wrong but i was only trying to be nice in the first place and it 's true about blackpools smaller ridea .
especially saying its better than dc public transit which is not only extensive but fairly clean as well .
i usually go into each vocation and roll out all of whatever i 'm purifying to see what i get in each branch .
after i check my storage to see what i do n't have or need 1 more copy of and go through again picking out what i need all excess gets sold .
in the early days i would bang my head trying to keep intensity while not masking vocals then i found trackspacer .
helps a lot and saves a lot of time .
they 're already beasts putting in a good team just makes them unfair
most of the boomers i know did n't even know how to log onto the internet in 2008 .
now a few months ago their new favorite past time was to browse zillow and have circle jerks over how much equity their houses have .
boomer will sell when the market starts shifting because they fear they will be dead before the next housing cycle .
this actually sounds like you 're an interesting person to have a glass of vine with 😄
to the anger of hitler we never agreed to attack ussr .
we only wanted our stolen areas back and had to create a buffer zone but we were never participating in the attack of ussr .
hitler was going to blow up leningrad because finns did not want to have anything to do with russian areas .
what russian or american propaganda claims again that is not our business .
the western world bought all the russian propaganda just like that ... oops forgot that you were allied with stalin lol
did you ever figure out a better method of doing this ?
in the current position as you right now velcro straps on lower leg is the best option i have rn but still feels awful lol
people like you make it really difficult for other regular people to talk to each other casually .
i get the impression you did n't read my comment .
i do n't know who you are but i generally respect and learn a lot from your posts .
almost like your account was hacked because you simply did n't regard any of the points i brought up .
i get things get bad however there are some things to consider .
my dude might want some history lessons before he start doing that .
climate alarmists are more like the people who scream your house is on fire ! when you light your fireplace .
sure you should keep on eye on the fire and tend to it but there 's no need to panic
some say she might stay for wrong reasons but it may open her eyes to the right reasons .
it 's her choice and then your choice to accept her choice and onand on ... either way you have been together 6 years she shared her hard-to-hear news you do the same .
my heart goes out to you bro stay strong .
does pog want to make it 3 in a row today ?
2 or 4 they are very nice all of them are beautiful .
it 's a sigma 150-600mm w aps-c crop probably using manual setting for focus and exposure
unrelated but your reddit account and futures monster mixtape have the same birthday
the first stadium is just an unfinished version of the sequel with only 40 pokémon .
started as a sammy girl ended up with dean as my favourite
to be honest the way he defends him immediately made me think oh he had no idea what was going on '' not least of all because he was n't in the country at the time .
it was very clear all of his info was second-hand knowledge .
öncelikle suri '' bir etnik argodur ırkçı bir kelimedir amacı zaten aşağılamadır .
bunu sen yapıyorsan özdağ'ın getirdiğim her ırkçı cümlesine bahane uyduracağını en sonunda da ırkçıysa ırkçı destekliyorum '' tarzı bir mallığa varacağını çok net görüyorum .
even after waking up the next day you 're still high ?
dressing appropriately for court shows the judge you understand how serious the situation is .
she clearly has no idea or just does n't give a shit .
as everyone else has said getting edits is totally normal ! !
do n't sweat it just try your best to pay attention to the edits and learn from them what you can .
also as someone else said some people edit for their own egos .
but even those people are generally aware that 's what they 're doing .
new rule 6 do n't post names the only sub on reddit dedicated to girls wearing clothes that hide their busty body .
example https i.imgur.com/rnajnsl.png dresses with excessive cleavage rule 3 bikinis/provocative outfits rule 4 or nudity rule 5 will be removed there are other subs for that .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2busty2hide if you have any questions or concerns .
in addition to the equipment i like that your space has good natural light some temperature control and essentially you can use whatever wall control you want !
blacklight shine grooves too much too easily to be unlikable .
graveyard love took a few listens and then i heard more of the kayers and it clicked .
at this point it 's kinda hard to tell the difference between troller uwus and real uwus
i do n't want to make attribution work 100 properly but i ca n't have facebook telling me it 's making 4x the real numbers either ...
i had three different incidents as a child where someone tried to molest me at church .
here 's how easy it was to get away with bank robbery back in the '30s .
as long as you were n't still there when the police arrived you had a 99 chance of getting away with it .
to the point that like those old bank robbers they take credit for the bank robberies !
like they come running out of there and they 're like ha ha ha !
and if anyone asks you tell 'em it was golden joe and the suggins gang ! ''
but you can told-you-so about jbp and i can told-you-so the fake left about what happens when you sneer at the concept of bodily autonomy for two years and pretend reproductive rights begin and end with abortion ...
while eu5 is the most likely i would love to see a game with the setting and premise of stellaris and the roleplaying aspects of ck3 .
in-depth space diplomacy and colony managing with some well-done space combat sprinkled in would be honestly amazing .
something like a more far-fetched take on terra invicta maybe .
twitter will never comply with that request ... opens them to so much liability to lawsuits from advertisers etc
if we were talking about average people i would agree .
but these influencers are promoting that they are the uber rich .
those people can afford a condo and then keep it to either rent or have a personal nyc base .
there are nyc and other big city peeps on social media who do just that .
i follow a london influencer whose got 3 diff homes in the metro area .
granted she does n't boast about her wealth or shopping habits that regularly .
at any time in the first year after the birth or adoption of a child your husband can take up to 12 weeks fmla unpaid leave if his job has more than 50 employees locally and he 's been there at least a year full-time .
the only restriction they can have is that they can force him to take the 12 weeks concurrently .
so you can give birth before your due date and it would immediately trigger fmla protections for him but he has a paperwork deadline .
you can get your ob or pediatrician to sign his leave request .
source i 'm an hr professional and this act is federal thus the same in every us state and territory .
it 's also that memory is cheaper and processors are faster .
sure that 's partly why most video games do n't emulate tabletop anymore .
but i still say that there 's a solid niche of demand for them .
the reason you must forgive they enemy is so you can forgive your self .
if you can forgive the worst of the worst than you can forgive your self when your experiencing your karma after death .
giving you more of a chance to escape reincarnation .
cause the last civil war turned out so well for the conservatives .
she never attempts to use her tango skirt making skills to make anything else .
she is always talking about clothes she wants she could do a series on elevating her skills to create some of the fashions she wants .
i once got banned in s sub for saying deus vult
i watch it ... up until jaddu gets to 76 .
the way their partnership was going i truly believed that they will actually be able to pull it off !
was watching it with one of my friends on a laptop and we both were literally screaming on every jaddu boundary which is funny cause he is n't even that much of a cricket fan .
yta i have worked 7pm-730am for almost 20 years .
you do n't seem to understand that people need to unwind after work .
i do n't make it home until 815 at the earliest .
i do n't know what world you live in where you get off work at 2 and are in bed at the same time .
i would suggest that your stepdaughter start calling you at 10pm midnight or 2am and see how you like your sleep disrupted .
reminder phr4r is not a discussion forum please message the op instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
fuck tigay fuck palestine drink 31 litres of coke everyday💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
the reason for sandman staying as sand the whole movie is that they could n't get the original actor who played him to star in the movie .
even when we was fixed those are just edited clips from sm3
here 's why no one in questioning paloma 1 .
they like her or are afraid of her 2 .
taylor going on the block is good because it 's not them going on the block
yes you can when the original decision was so obvious
it does n't precisely because a country is only as well-off as it 's poorest inhabitants .
beer sucks but i bet sweet wine is da bomb
someone mentioned that and sent me the names of some viaplay reporters
and djw i lived in the netherlands for a few years and i really enjoyed it i know this is not what most dutch people are like .
i ca n't even say that this is solely dutch fans .
but orange/rbr gear-wearing people have been mentioned in these complaints too frequently to ignore it .
i see plenty of comments saying sell it i disagree .
they have a following but my cuppa tea but they do have a following .
get your old man to drive it around the block and idle it for 20 minutes every two weeks so the tyres do n't go flat spots nor the fuel stale .
air it out and keep dry humidity if out in the weather .
buy a crate of anti spider spray from bunnings and have them spray every two months around the tyres door shut engine bay and anywhere they see webs being made .
every few months take through a car wash or hand clean .
you might need anti rodent shit for engine bay too .
if out in the elements put those reflecting sun shields in the windows cut to size so the sun does n't bleach the dash upholstery and seatbelts .
obviously do n't park near any trees or on grass .
we should all agree we love bridgerton otherwise we would n't be in this reddit .
yeah my tankiness is pretty fantastic the damage has just been a little lackluster .
glad you 're having a great go of it .
honestly i probably should be putting more money in the gear i 've just been reinvesting everything into grinding challenges .
what do you use as your flasks with mb ?
edit also if this is a giveaway post i would certainly volunteer to relieve you of your burdensome gear .
maybe one of these days you 'll actually use the shower in that bathroom instead of pretend you 're pretty in front of the mirror
the ruling bodies would have to know the limitations of the magic they 're dealing with
can you imagine people hidden behind tinted windows while armed to the teeth ?
would the police want to walk up to a car during a traffic stop without being able to see in ?
i know gangs liked to use them for their drive-by shootings during gang wars .
i would guess that is what caused tinted windows to be banned in the first place .
i tell you it 's like the wild west with all the damn guns .
after my last boss left me in the building alone for about an hour .
and then when i got a super old 50 dollar bill .
was told it needed to be checked but no manager was in the building .
the bill got me screamed at for hours until the next day .
where she called me and told me she was sorry but i still had to to take the write up and almost lose my job .
the fact that this comment is so upvoted made me realize most people in this sub do n't know squat about booze .
angel 's envy has been around for barely a decade it 's not going to be a common go-to for any dad or uncle and is twice the price of whatever cheap swill is usually bought by the kinds of people who would encourage a 13 y/o to drink .
you can clearly see she has gathered in her left hand before her right foot makes contact with the ground .
for the sake of the argument we 'll even say that she dribbled after her right foot made contact even though it 's very very very very very clear to me that she has n't .
she then utilizes her pivot by stepping through her left foot is her established pivot but she does n't go up yet she takes another step and goes up exclusively off her right foot .
it 's very very very clear once again that her left foot is raised at the time that the ball leaves her hands .
i 'm not going to say what i think about the fact that you coached and actually hold the opinion that this is a legal move .
is it because the top 1 didnt run out ?
twitter roots on the basis of identity-politics 99 of the time
having as much power as you can when your enemy is an '' '' invincible '' '' '' '' god is a good idea in every way .
what the fuck will they do if homelander pays them a visit in their apartment ?
is hughie gon na turn on the lights so starlight can push him a few feet away ?
i have a condition where the muscles in my calf are not long enough and i walk and stand like this a lot because of it .
not saying that 's what this dudes doing but it would def hurt my feelings if someone took a video of me and people called me insecure because of something like this .
it was widely considered that if you got the shot '' and caught covid your symptoms would be lessened ala flu vaccination .
that was the discourse all over facebook at the time since loonies were suggesting the public were being microchipped .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
i 'm in this crazy market for a car came across a 2015 impala ltz 2lz 115000 miles for 15k got approved for 436 a month for 60 months.there 's no penalties for paying off early which i would have to or i 'll be paying over a xtra 10k.is this normal with 1st buyers with not great credit ? should i run away ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askcarsales if you have any questions or concerns .
trying to understand your pov because i guaranty you no one is going to say preventing a black person from sexually harassing young girls is racist '' no matter how politically correct '' they are
i wanted to wait for the 14 mini but seeing the sales figures on the 12 and 13 mini i took the plunge .
especially after a few years of samsung with android .
if it has not appeared immediately it requires moderator approval it 's got to be released from reddit spam prison .
this should n't take very long at all and we hope it will never be longer than 90 minutes but we ca n't be around 24 hours a day .
the community rules https www.reddit.com/r/gayskype/about/rules are often updated and you should check them periodically .
members found to be posting against these rules or the reddit content policy https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy section_prohibited_behavior may face an immediate and permanent ban and/or reporting to reddit admin .
thank you for helping us keeping this sub up and running happy gayskyping !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayskype if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't have friends or family there to keep the urn .
if we do n't get it he will be buried in germany which is against his will .
please review our most frequently asked questions r/askcarsales/wiki/index to see if your question has already been answered .
r/askcarsales/wiki/vehicle_selection you might also have luck in the r/whatcarshouldibuy subreddit .
also remember to add flair to your post by clicking the flair '' link beneath it .
this lets us know where you 're located so we can assist you better .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askcarsales if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it was your point because it seems incredibly ambiguous
say you 've got an ocado/tesco/asda etc food shop arriving which you forgot to move
you 've got a zoom call with a long distance friend scheduled
you have a fitness class to attend that you paid for and ca n't cancel
the only way to be sure is to wipe windows and reinstall and because of that it 's the best way .
this deep dream image was created from the following post
i honestly ca n't work out this character nfi what i 'm doing wrong
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
these are just some songs i can think of off the top of my head
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.imgur.com/w8ihpkl.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
it could happen it 's just sort of null and void if it is n't the only electron and by extension is n't necessarily how all electrons work simply replacing 1 with 2 or even any other number would be insufficient for the same balance reasons described above .
basically it may be that some electrons are informatically equivalent to the positrons they annihilated with but it 's not the source of all of them .
the only other option is that an equal but opposite imbalance of matter and antimatter exists somewhere outside of the observable universe but that 's outside our light-cone so it is eliminated as a possibility because no antimatter from that area could ever annihilate with our matter except if cosmic inflation reverses or the speed of light changes .
who cares if you aint gon na buy it we dont .
siempre que he visto casos así son con esta misma raza de perro shiba inu .
eso hace pensar que desgraciadamente los roban para vender y le dicen al dueño que se murió .
ibland kan man visa kontoutdrag och i min erfarenhet är människor ofta hjälpsamma och bryr sig inte om att företaget går lite back i och med att det också visar servicemedvetenhet .
i 've made a small fortune on amazon fba selling books alone .
if they are ukrainian and not russians who lived in ukraine i would under absolutely no condition ever hand them a note in russian until the war has calmed down .
lots of very strong tensions and they may get the wrong idea .
op did n't react disproportionately she reacted to the brother rudely acting entitled as if he is the one who gets to decide who is invited to op 's home .
i do n't think that 's straight to 100 it 's immediately calling out the bs and not leaving space for what i 'm guessing is a preestablished pattern .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/appleswap if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm guessing storm promoted to bosun and courtney will replace storm .
i was n't diagnosed until this year at 36 and i am pretty sure that i 'm only just learning what me not in burnout mode might look like ...
it 's been a long process of deprogramming and i do feel like at least some of my depression/anxiety is overstimulation related .
i was on just ssris for 6years prior to getting fully evaluated and since my diagnosis i started adderall which helps so much in a different way but it does not help prevent stimulation over load so i 'm still taking a little bit of prozac to help with meltdowns because people really stopped being understanding of me having those 30 years ago .
it 's nice to have some kind of help with stimulation buildup ... my husband likes to brag when he accurately predicts a meltdown which is enough motivation to never want to have one again 🙃 he thinks he likes to joke but since being diagnosed i 've been testing that theory .
he got frustrated just this evening with the kids and i calmly went in and diffused the situation and let him take a break .
when he later apologized i said something a long the lines of oh no problem !
i just knew what was going to happen and thought i would step in '' and he paused for a minute and smiled while that clicked with how he had recently bragged about well i mean i kind of knew that meltdown was coming because xxx ''
i really enjoy making him eat his own words .
is n't that what everyone says about any discriminated group ?
i 'm a gay in serbia and what most people say about lgbt is that we have more rights than straight people that we are harrasing them and they ca n't live because of our pride parades that happens 1 day per year that we are destroying their culture and families etc ... and of course that they are not disciminating us just protecting themselves .
some people may not want the north korea flag on their screen at work .
i really liked the style of the game it 's probably one of the closest i found with all the different effects and herbs
similarly i would say a year ago '' for something that happened 353 days ago .
you must 've not been around when this game was being falsely advertised to be one .
i mean if the switches go on my g604 i will definitely break out the soldering iron to fix it rather than buy a new one so soldering is a solution '' in that sense .
however many people are not ready for that or do n't own a soldering iron i actually do n't either but i 've used one before and i 'm planning on buying one .
having hotswap switches makes the entire process much easier .
in the ltt video they talk about basically making the entire thing tool-less releasing the files so anyone can design and print their own parts with ease etc .
in the keyboard space it 's not just switch failed need to replace '' but also i want to try a dozen different kinds of switches '' .
i also do n't think the reliable connection '' argument really makes sense when keyboards with hotswap are perfectly reliable so clearly it can be done .
weight is n't something that concerns me as much i use a g604 but i know it is for many people and this mouse probably needs to be lightweight to succeed .
we 'll have to wait and see if they manage to pull it off or not .
voisin kuvitella että joillekin katsojille walterin toilailun seuraaminen on samalla tavalla turhauttavaa kuin kauhuleffoissa älyttömästi toimivien päähenkilöiden eli sikäli liikutaan kyllä ap n raamien rajamailla .
it 's entirely possible to have a nursery and still have the baby sleep beside you at night .
in most cases it 's convenient to have all the baby stuff in one room instead of piled into your master bedroom .
remember friends family/gift payments venmo gift cards zelle and cryptocurrency are non-refundable and offer no buyer protection .
if as a buyer you choose to pay through the friends and family '' option or agree to send gift cards venmo or cryptocurrency as payment please understand that you will not be able to open a claim should something go wrong in the transaction .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/appleswap/wiki/confirming_transactions to learn how to confirm a transaction leave feedback for your partner and increase your flair score !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/appleswap if you have any questions or concerns .
somehow that 's a little bit of a comfort to me that mtg didnt win an election against another human and maybe that her time here is short lived .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
as far as i know pearl is the only map where you are forced to crouch at that sewer place if you want to go that way .
also pearl has as you said a crazy mid layout .
i also kind of like pearl for being nothing too special because the gunplay just makes far more fun because the map does n't limit you as much in your playstyle .
an example where the map does limit you would be breeze every phantom players nightmare .
lies dir die kommentare im thread durch da wird eh gut erklärt wie der strompreis am markt eruiert wird .
a lot of their merch is copy and pasted they just change the players face/name/number and they lack quite a bit of quality control .
each sport has something they respectfully hate about it but the thing is that almost all merchandise goes through them .
teams and leagues official stores online are controlled by them a fanatics experience and even some in person stores so you 'll always have to deal with them .
thank u bro atleast u tried to help me ❤️
mj really seems to like charlie bowater getting really good portraits with him in the prompt .
bruh it 's people like you that make si out to have a bad name .
it 's not that bad and i was like the op four years ago we well .
just say they 're from lululemon and go about your day .
no what you actually mean is your freedom of speech ends when i do n't like what you are saying ''
sorry to disappoint you but that is not freedom of speech .
you 're just not ready to hear more than one opinion .
i am from kolkata and my father has some connections in the local rss wing i and my family members keep knifes on our selfs at all times .
if you are struggling with food place down more rice or corn on the fertile ground you have rice is faster if you have little supply corn is more effective work-wise .
growing stuff to sell like beer is low prio if you are struggling to survive .
for defense i would recommend cutting down trees and making wooden traps .
i assume you had the emote as well as that would be more than 100
my night just got so much better by seeing you
in that case i did compile a list of rtx 3070 non-ti models from aib partners that are less than 288mm long
i would try to avoid the msi ventus and zotac twin edge models though as their coolers are n't really adequate enough for the rtx 3070 's gpu chip imo .
im getting upvotes for noting that if a dog was randomly barking acting aggressive and attacking someone it would be put down .
apparently you think randomly screeching and assaulting people on the street is ok .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=there4029 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i like the story behind self titled 's album cover .
the cover artwork is from a poster designed by the artist john heartfield for the communist party of germany during the third reich .
the text in the original poster is 5 fingers has a hand !
this slogan inspired part of the text contained in the back of the system of a down album the hand has five fingers capable and powerful with the ability to destroy as well as create '' .
later it is written in bold letters open your eyes open your mouths close your hands and make a fist '' .
can we make the metal gear rising revengeance soundtrack our holy songs ?
i started 2 years ago so i always forget how much time did other people have to listen to hi .
i thought the same thing when i cut the first time with a knife it 's probably nothing to do with you your knife is probably just way to dull and or your not in the right headspace to do it
this thing was real in a sense a mock up was made at least
thank you for sharing this content on the main rupaul 's drag race subreddit .
we encourage you to also share this content on the official affiliated subreddit for drag race uk r/rpdr_uk and subscribe over there too .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rupaulsdragrace if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm happy to admit that i 'm leaning very hard on the seems here .
this is obviously inspired from u/theowotriangle and the computation for seats are inspired from this post https www.reddit.com/r/suzerain/comments/nbq3kh/a\_possible\_electoral\_system\_for\_sordland https www.reddit.com/r/suzerain/comments/nbq3kh/a_possible_electoral_system_for_sordland
i took the time to count the suzerain discord membership as of 10 july 2022 and applied it as a 1957 general election results .
the big winners in this general election are the cps and independents however the ruling usp will have their leader anton rayne re-elected in his second term as president .
i tend to use soap to wash it off my hands ...
you should be able to replay those scenes in the my room materials event quest log current event .
i 'm 100 sure that you need a better mouse .
all these micro lags in between are due to the sensor and frequency .
windows plattformen sind in kleinen firmen nicht so teuer .
und in der regel macht es nur wenige unterschiede ob nun linux oder windows im alltag .
und ich denke ich will sound aus beiden monitoren ! ''
ist für meinen chef nicht der passende grund zu migrieren und extra kosten zu bekommen .
i completely agree with you on that it will be a shit show if you do n't do that .
but i 'd be in favor of doing both at the same time this has gone on far too long and adding those restrictions without doing it at the same time will make queue times go way up and discourage people from flex .
it 's a gamble in some ways but the payoff is big enough it needs to happen .
i do n't want them touching any other gears game and make a different whole game cause that is what i 'm getting from kait and also i hate gears tactics making prescott look like a alto tap ahold who knew when the war of the locust was coming making him see that the hammer strikes was just a simple button to him it 's not and also wtf is gabe diaz i remember this game was about brother hood a war not one family that has nothing to do with the war i hope they make gears 4 5 and attics uncannon and the books it does not feel right with me
take this upvote to counter the emotional downvotes you received .
yeah and if it were any legitimate business you should have relief on taxes owed from gains ... if any .
but when you give your money to obvious ponzi scheme llc '' maybe you should pay as much as possible ... you 're clearly not doing anything good with it .
do n't seem to be able to from the app
serious saturday has begun 00:00 utc please refrain from posting any screenshots or memes for the next 24 hours .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tf2 if you have any questions or concerns .
rather go and watch the video as she cums😇 https onlyfans.com/only\_ksu ? c=1
good news is this way they can save a lot of funds on the rest of the serie !
check out r/farmsofstardewvalley for inspiration and stardew.info stardew.info to plan it out .
does that mean that this post by its own logic is almost pointless as well ?
it was through a local operator they were vendors for bsnl and kerala vision .
if you could bsnl connection directly that would be cheaper but they also have some limitations on providing direct connection .
we generally use it only in the clinic though not mobile as it takes a much longer time to infuse .
it causes pressure to build up in your body so it 's a slow infusion .
ca n't see why you would owe them above and beyond that .
ela tá incentivando ele a trair uma pessoa que está com a autoestima baixa e sem libido .
se não quer tá mais junto termina o relacionamento .
se chama ter bom caráter e não ter falso pudor .
i 'm on my 3rd playthrough and i want more gigs and i would definitely love atleast 1 more mission with jackie from that montage scene .
maybe the one that ends in delivering padre the case .
bello was directly responsible for the goal against honduras .
that was a bonehead play by both he and brooks .
gettingnegative your submission has been automatically removed because we do not allow videos .
feel free to read the sidebar rules and faq for further clarification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/exposureporn if you have any questions or concerns .
lucia was already having sex with central asian twink slaves when you were n't even a sperm in your dad 's balls child .
depends on a person 's play style the lack of options to speech check out of nearly any situations can make it more challenging for anyone who usually relies on a persuasive/smooth talker type build
the fact that you say all in one paragraph that
1. you gave each other spare keys informed your families about each other and spent almost every day together
2. you did n't have the right to be pissed off because you were n't exclusive
no you should never put your hands on someone but he fucked up so much before that and the slap does not negate that .
he continues to fuck up even after as well .
you ca n't stay with him because you feel bad that you hit him .
also no one who truly loves you and wants to be with you gives a fuck about a lash hurrah .
people who want to commit to you are excited to commit to you and he 's done nothing but drag his feet .
he does n't love you and he will not commit to you .
nisam rekao da moze da kupi vise kugli sladoleda u turskoj vec vise lira nego pre godinu dana jer se op zabrinuo sto moze da kupi manje dolara .
btw op pitanje je samo po sebi lose formulisano i nema nekog preteranog smisla ...
you contributed a lot with your insights 'bruh ' .
mcdonald 's is always hiring i 'm actually surprised they did n't have gap insurance as well
afaik 7 '' works great up to about 4000mah/500g .
with cf biblade can be very efficient like 50min .
to play devils advocate here in an active warzone involving a country with a reputation for war crimes against civilians there is a plausible reason to disable a service that allows someone to easily track areas where civilians are densly populated .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i wish bruno heller wouldnt have told us that he didnt know .
holy shit do they react to ankles like a redditor does to a woman ...
i believe i was going the speed limit officer '' .
is what you should say according to the lawyer mike on youtube .
i 'm 3 days late with this comment so it wo n't get noticed .
i was in the same boat as you but once i got urbosas fury i felt unstoppable and started fighting strong monsters rn i have no fear anymore and do n't even use it anymore .
watching a video on how to beat the boss also helps .
also by saving a lot means you barely lose any progress and there is no downside to it .
botw went from being almost a waste of money to my fav game
that 's how i have always looked at it .
unfortunate rick was tossed during its production but i still enjoy it .
i started playing in 1.6 and literally all my limited 5 are from inazuma except childe .
i only need yoimiya yae and ayato to have everyone lol .
from them i have built 7 raiden shogun kokomi ayaka itto gorou kuki shinobu and kazuha .
i 've seen highly educated ppl do the same .
also i assume akane has serious back problems in that manga .
she was exhibiting symptoms and i brought her to the vet .
eventually she started chewing her tail until it bled .
eventually there was no choice but to amputate her tail 2 inches left due to the damage .
finally they started taking it seriously and spoke to an animal behaviorist .
the behaviorist confirmed it was fhs the vet did n't even know what fhs was !
it 's been years since then and she 's doing great .
she will never be without medication or in pain/discomfort again .
she still enjoys normal cat things but without the fhs symptoms .
you really have to advocate for your cat with fhs .
you 're often not taken seriously and that 's so sad .
i feel like it 's way more common than anyone thinks .
in response to your questions ... i do n't think it 's necessary to amputate the entire tail .
while prozac has n't done anything for my cat gabapentin has been great .
i have no doubt that if my cat was prescribed gabapentin sooner she would have never started attacking her tail and it would have never been amputated .
my vet thought that if the tail was removed she 'd go back to normal ... but fhs will always be there ... tail or not .
if gabapentin is n't working for you i would suggest talking to your vet about increasing the dose .
be the change you want to see in the world
in the meantime covid is like here we go again ... ''
he got angry because from a business standpoint if a customer can eat twice from one meal then they wo n't order as much .
i 've seen many places that became know for over-sized portions go under because they pretty much gave away too much food .
he was n't judging the people taking home food .
i could n't possible aay anything wittier than this girl already nor do i possess the comedic timing of emmanuel .
i do n't see how you could call that comment rude .
i guess considering how soft and how easy people get offended these days ... maybe it 's not for me to understand .
then you know how powerful and op armin talk no jutsu is..
if there was anyone left with the power of the titans we 'd be using that power to protect ourselves right now instead even after having guns pointed at our heads we 're still powerless humans this is above all is proof that we are just humans now '' .
muller did n't even doubt armin and armin most likely using this kind of logic to convince the other countries the fact that armin uses this kind of logic in the most crucial moment in aot the most death life situation in aot it 's above all proof and safe to say that this is the best he can do with his peace talk/diplomacy..
and how he 'd convince the other countries other than marley that he 's the one who killed eren yaeger ?
there was no live stream unlike code geas there was no television in aot even if there was tv 's who who 'd want to record the rumbling ?
knowing how armin uses his logic he probably say to other countries something like the fact that i went to your country powerless to tell you that is above all proof that i 'm the one who killed eren yaeger 🤡
and armin kills eren jaeger means nothing if the one who killed eren yaeger was marleyan or any race other than eldians it probably still made sense to make him a hero the world hated eldians for 2000years except that was a lie no reason for the world to trust armin because he 's eldian the same race they hated for over 2000years the same race as the one who killed 80 of humanity he had nothing to offer to the world power of titans are gone alliance are just mere humans and he also eldian
but in the end it 's work he even become the world ambassador of peace if armin peace talk/diplomacy was this powerful why did n't he uses it pre time skip when he still had the power the colossal titan to convince the world that paradis was no threat so the rumbling would n't be necessary and billions did n't have to die put aside predetermine future is set etc because that 's the same lvl of only ymir knows you can literally answer anything with these without logic
this is how powerful and op armin talk no jutsu is this is how armin talk is a cheat ...
there are some 1st world annoyances to my current asus however .
i 'm not in love with the keyboard and when not in battery saver mode it runs hot .
the biggest drawback though is that it 's a fingerprint magnet both the case and the keyboard .
this sounds minor but i 've never seen anything like it .
both the case and keyboard are greasy slippery ugly messes by the end of each working day and i 'm constantly wiping them down .
i work across from a lot of people all day and it 's kind of embarrassing .
it 's worse than that piano black material they use in cars .
no but maybe want to go in a different direction ?
sure ... no shortage of people to give my asus to with family/friends and i always like the idea of having a family backup '' laptop in case someone 's dies ...
lib left might not be w it but any socialistsworth their salt will tell u mass immigration hurts the working class particularly working class minorites.. so ll might be down by driving down wages .
how do i get the data is there a website or ?
the voyage of the beagle occurred before he was married — even before he proposed .
when did he travel apart from his wife after his marriage ?
after his marriage he resided in the country with his wife and family .
naravno sve dok u pitanju nisu filmovi serije knjige i svecki akcioni .
early on musk was talking up the latency starlink could have and we all know he is n't one to clearly distinguish between what could be and what will be see self driving timeline .
his latency boasting was based on a full constellation with internal routing and laser comms .
when that happens starlink will have better latency than cable for anything close within a couple hops to a starlink to starlink connection .
from those early statements and claims i was surprised to learn the first gen constellation did n't have laser com polars excepted .
if people believe him too much they will be frustrated whenever reality catches up with him .
none of that takes away from my better than no internet at my house ! !
i love starlink but people have plenty of room to be frustrated .
that of us whose lives have been changed might not like it when people are underwhelmed because this is revolutionary for us but it does n't change what was said and what reality became .
here 's to hoping the full dream comes about .
wrong website did they change it or am i missing something ?
são todos a mesma imitação e tão na faixa dos 80 a 100 conto .
considerando q vc usando muito ele dure ali 1 ano mais ou menos acho válido o investimento .
o original deve ser do krl mas 700 eu não dou sou pobre kkk
a lot of my friends have done photoshoots with them and they are awesome
i could barely get them to attach properly but worse no way they 'll take two boats unless you have j cradles .
i ended up piecing together a thule system by ordering from overseas .
the dog eating the sandwich sounded pretty funny actually .
i love it when people tell me stories about naughty pets .
i have dall-e access however i have n't verified yet .
he was your average businessman in the rgg version of japan .
i can completely understand his point of view and honestly he 's doing it decently .
if he gave a job to those who did n't really need it that much those would be slots taken for the ones who did need the job but its still technically his business and its just a win/win situation for both parties .
he payed sae 's sister 2 million just counting what had been mentioned which would be around 200k usd meaning they were n't underpayed either .
nonomiya was n't some perfect manager like majima kiryu and akiyama and he had a bigger temper than them .
in lad if you want to hate somebody fuck kume all my homies hate kume .
why sully two steps from hell with that dumb vid
i finally managed to get some time to do exercise 2 module 1 lesson 4 !
i feel like just getting the time to go out alone to do the exercise stalled my progress a bit
compare prices to r/pmsforsale if unsure in the future .
owl was the animal loved by athene the greek god of science and war strategy .
athene was an armed woman that inspired generals while mars was the god of war per se ...
it is interesting that an owl was chosen and not a flaming horse symbol of mars let 's where this choice will lead to
as i saw it worked i quickly hid the remote and acted like i was doing something else hoping you would n't notice that i did it .
besides if you do n't you 'll be single .
tbh i think it might have something to do with the fact that kids typically notice their sight is a little blurry in class trying to see the board or projector screen as it may be and the kids who notice are usually the ones paying attention and learning who then bring up the issue to learn better and become smarter .
no sry i traded 32:1 for this fixer ton of eh roll commando and i do n't collect apparel case idk the value of them
i have given statistics from cambridge harvard etc etc .
you ca n't read a single article about crypto without them mentioning the bogus claim that mining is ruining the environment .
please reread my posts as i have given tons of numbers
since his death was exactly like gandalf 's in lord of the rings he will guaranteed be back .
that would explain why your score dropped like that .
i 'm pretty certain you would n't even get through one full subject by the time you figured out which is which and separated them .
you 've gained 3 axis points for reciting all the teachings maniacally in one breath !
and because you can get things done even if it does n't go well it 's not your fault !
it 's society 's fault that things do n't work out !
because as they say sometimes running away is winning '' !
the answer you come to after being in doubt is usually something you 'll regret no matter what you choose !
if you 're going to regret it anyways do whatever 's easiest for you in the moment !
if criminals have human rights then neets also have human rights !
you should not be ashamed of being a neet nothing beats living through life without having to work !
drink when you want and eat when you want !
because you wo n't know if you 'll be able to eat that again tomorrow !
not even god knows whether or not you will be happy in the future so you should at least be happy now !
whether you 're a lolicon or a neet or a kemomimi lover with the exception of undead or devil girls as long as there is love and does n't break the law everything will be forgiven .
i am a bot created to spread faith for the wonderful and divine water goddess aqua !
reply ! join '' to this bot to join the blessed axis order today !
help wiki https www.reddit.com/r/axisorderbot/wiki/index point rankings https www.reddit.com/r/axisorderbot/wiki/ranking official pray thread https www.reddit.com/r/axisorderbot/comments/p1g7hm/official_pray_thread_7
jeez when i was ten i was riding my bike by myself all around southie — the one rule my mom had was i was n't allowed to cross the summer street bridge into downtown boston .
i 'm not one of those who tells u to fk off if you do n't like it ... but why not make the move if you 're unhappy ?
my personal opinion is that it does suck lol but i 've heard the kabuki explanation and i know that one of the actors in a super popular recent drama hanzawa naoki is a famous theatre actor .
who wants to see a close of of some fat guy eating greasy food ? ? !
if you would like to learn how to verify please visit this link https www.reddit.com/r/dadsandboys/wiki/verification .
this is not a requirement you can still post here without verifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsandboys if you have any questions or concerns .
i have the zinc but not the other one .
2 quarters of underperformance and still stocks has fallen just 10-20
stock is still trading at 28 pe vs 24 10yr median pe vs 26 median pe 5 yr
if you do n't care about fundamentals then accumulate if you care wait .
look at the commentary from management do n't look from advice from this sub .
some are absolutely clueless here about fundamentals just think every stock will go up saying to accumulate when management themselves are n't sure in 5-8 salary hike their margins are hit 2 .
limited upside imo that too in how many years nobody can till .
8-10 of the net income comes from other income .
you really think this dude is gon na do it ?
listen i was raised in a very musical family .
my parents would take me to black churches that were steeped in heavy southern gospel or white pentecostal congregations that would march around with a full brass band while percussionists were on stage beating away .
music is very powerful when experiencing it with others .
but when you pull away and try it on its own without an audience influencing your opinion you 'll find black gospel is just a bunch of screaming and incoherent lyrics and pentecostal brass bands are just people with not much talent working a 9 to 5 monday through friday who get to show off their lackluster skills on sunday .
so phil collins may be talented but his music has never found an inspiring space in what is my life .
u say 2024 will have more book of mormon focus because sunday school is on a 4 year rotation with the four canonized standard works '' ?
the four canonized scriptures are 1 the bible 2 the book for mormon 3 the pearl of great price and 4 the doctrine and covenants .
each year sunday school class focuses on one of these 4 books or standard works .
and so 2024 is scheduled to be the year for studying the book of mormon in sunday school ?
if yes it will be interesting and very telling if the church comes out with a new sunday school study plan that does not include the book of mormon or the pearl of great price or the doctrine and covenants before 2024 .
what standard work will be focused on in 2023 ?
along these lines i can see the day when the doctrine and covenants is super-edited and super-redacted in an order to water it down and make it more palatable for a more mainstream christian audience .
and the pearl of great price all but disappears .
does n't matter if it 's fake the fact that someone actually thought of it is fucked up enough
c0 is better for sub i c6 'd which makes her a very capable main dps .
i feel like that is the clich trendy psychologist thing to say .
quite embarrassing to say that after a l atleast win first 😂
i 've no issues at all.. it 's part of the territory in affairs.. if you ca n't handle being secondary then you 've got a big problem .
personally as someone who is needy with regard to d/s i could never deal with someone who has limited availability from the get go .
and for you it 's about to get worse now he 's made his wife suss .
he 's going to be under huge pressure at home your going to get minimal contact at best .
my advice to you would be to put a pause on the dynamic completely .
i know what i need to do to end the game i just saw people chatting/playing mini games with monika through option text and i ca n't do that for some reason
the story was weak in nwh but andrew and tobey showing up and the villains made the movie epic
can you appease them by agreeing that maybe you will change your mind one day therefore justifying your share now then just ... not have kids ?
i got this laptop to be my light portable coding machine where i can work on software projects anywhere .
i configured midnight blue with 24 gb ram and 512 for storage .
my work currently has me on a 16 '' macbook pro and my compilation times are kind of atrocious and it feels sluggish in vscode a lot of the time .
on top of that it gets insanely hot at the touch bar area .
but anyway did you notice a huge compilation time reduction ?
nice so yesterday i wasted like an hour or two looking for a chest i thought i missed changing the isles and looking at every little thing while i got everything .
thanks a lot man tho you helped with my ocd
that 's unnecessary we should welcome all dbl players to the sub and just enjoy the game
you could say it was a problem but how exactly is it still a problem when you can buy the champion edition that has all except the latest season ?
well the reason we advise that is because you need a baseline of attraction first .
for example if i do n't think he is okay looking or has some cute features from the start no amount of conversating would make me think he 's physically attractive .
i can see him in a friendly way but not more than that .
whereas if i first thought he was okay looking or had some cute features conversating and seeing we 're on the same page will eventually make me think he 's very handsome .
my entire perception of his appearance and overall vibe will change .
most of the people who comment about not feeling attraction mention that they know they 're a good person but they ca n't like their appearance at all .
it 's not fair to either party to continue that situation
get the fastest train and you can get to london/liverpool in 2 hours 10 mins but trains qre unreliable at times .
few commute it really it is very overstated thing to do in this thread .
i am near liverpool and sounds mad to me .
you can live in cities/regions closer to london and not spend hours in shit trains .
quick correct afaik snyder was hired on the express recommendation by nolan .
i have n't seen a primary source but it makes the most sense to me given snyder lined up 3 bombs in a row before being given the reigns to what was planned to be a trilogy of the then ?
it 's done from my side to upvote and follows you .
now it 's your turn to get back to me the same in revert .
there 's not enough common info so when saying shot like this can you point us to resources ?
imagine getting this defensive that warding does n't always stop 4 man ganks lmao
it 's higher than your chances of being laid but most things are above 0 anyways sooo .
it 's a sad way to try and get friends or approval from others .
they get too comfortable with seeing others putting people down and they 're surrounded with like-minded people that laugh along with their jokes .
that 's a very clean aesthetically pleasing box set you have your eye on .
consoles unfortunately are locked down tight and you wo n't be able to play anything outside of the region they are released in .
go over to www.220-electronics.com or www.bombayelectronics.com and purchase yourself a region-free blu-ray player .
which is the motto for the panthers for the unfamiliar .
i 'm not being uncouth with op about his gf
straight mid-40 's married father of two here has to wear smart-casual at work i normally dress like a boring middle aged man i would n't suit a dress but i would jump at the chance to wear a skirt on days like this .
for real something low key but light ... a skirt just seems the right answer to days like this .
your teaching in the peak of summer do you ever question that madness ?
running dawnblade in master lost sectors a while ago farming for exotics .
there 's no way someone actually made an exe called unironically that
looking for my own bachelorette party vegas is the most expensive option anyone suggested but that probably depends on where you 're coming from .
hotels are relatively cheap there but the airfare is especially expensive
i 'm also stuck with a destination bachelorette because every bridesmaid lives in a different state but we 're at least trying to pick something cheaper to get to
i 'm about to upgrade lights i know that has to be what it is just running a single 100w led light .
dog people once again telling on themselves and proving my point 🤣
thanks for the kind words so glad you enjoyed the books and the other series .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i remember iran saying oh we did n't do that no way ! ''
then it was well mayyyyybe we might have . ''
then it became we did but it was the usa 's fault ! ''
yes the usa has done bad things and denied it too .
yep afaik literally all production models of the j-16 are equipped with ws-10s .
this engine is a later variant of the ws-10 as can be seen from the feather nozzle .
what do we do now ? what do you mean ?
wrath of khan is great do n't get me wrong but how can you diss the voyage home like that ?
and you 're able to get 10 matches done in 46 minutes with 2000-3000 rp per round plus an additional 12k sl of profit after repair ?
seems to me like if your matches are lasting for so little time ... it would be difficult to accumulate the rewards necessary to compete with that rp and be able to pay for your jet .
in the above example for instance this guy brought home that amount after paying for their aircraft spawns .
you 'd have to make quite a bit of sl in a four minute match to offset the cost of any potential deaths .
a lot of jets can be really friggin expensive and to lose that amount in such rapid fashion ... that ca n't be practical ... can it ?
the amount of protein questions to endure ... and the slight animosity during some of them was just ?
face to face dance cheek to cheek one to one man to man dance toe to toe do n't move too slow
one of my friends was promoted and his clueless boss have him the title head of manufacturing operations '' .
not necessarily true montenegro is not part of eu but does use the euro .
probably 5 if you were still the same size on the right
i mean everyone has to figure out what works for them but from what you stated you did n't really cheat and even if you did there 's no reason to go on a 4 day all liquid diet .
it seems like a lot of people here are very rigid and think in absolutes which makes sense and if it works for you by all means but all the i looked at a piece of cake it stretched my pouch/i 'll gain all the weight back/everything is ruined mentality does n't seem likely to lead to long term success when you 're feeling so denied of everything .
if you 're worried about weight gain you would be hard pressed to probably even be at 1000 calories a day at 7 weeks if you 're worried about shaved ice and a spoonful of peanut butter you 're probably nowhere close to that .
if you 're worried about falling back into old habits stick to your diet tomorrow !
do n't beat yourself up just get back on track .
and find things you enjoy that are within your diet plan and have those as treats
also it is believed to be the root of colony collapse disorder which is killing the bees and about to fuck up the future of food pollination the entire world over
this is not college but an adaptation of the historically effective apprenticeship program .
it 's because valve does n't want them to make money off of bill skins and bhvr does n't want to make bill skins if they ca n't make money off them .
it sucks i want shirtless bill lmfao grey hairy chest having ass would be funny honestly
this is why i swear by popping instead of waiting ugh .
every time i 've waited it out it stays around for at least a week and then leaves a dark spot .
whenever i pop it it 's red for a couple of days but then its all healed clear like nothing was ever there .
would even start a few matches def not be a mascot
i heard an interesting word at the end there .
my biggest problem is that the writers just do n't seem to know what to do with the 2 byers characters or mike anymore .
they could be good characters but the writing has stunted any actual growth .
el is a bit of a joke in i think she is important but i really enjoyed the hawkins group trying to solve the vecna problem on their own for a change .
i also felt el's/nina story is too drawn out .
it just repeats too much even if the reveal is great .
the russian stuff felt too separated from the rest of the plots and an unwelcome leftover from season 3 .
joyce has also been reduced to a comic character that is miles from her season 1 and 2 character .
no way she 'd up and leave her kids without saying what she was doing .
pentru umeri lati recomand xl-urile sau orice marime iti vine tie bine pe umeri pe croi slim fit sau super slim si ajustezi la croitor daca e cazul .
am aceeasi problema si la camasi si la costume .
y'all are literally looking for reasons to be offended about the fan edit at this point .
if it was cut down to a theatrical length a digital trends article calling it a theatrical cut '' even if it was never released in theaters is not the end of the world .
i agree that feature length '' would have been a better term but these articles are quickly put out by these sites to capitalize on seo .
some say you get a guaranteed secret rare but full arts also count as sr in japanese and i am pretty sure that 's not a thing anymore
this is the kind of watch whose whereabouts would only be known by raymond reddington cause the thieves tried to sell it to him while he was on a bender with 3 beautifully tanned ladies from the island of majorca .
same i think most of the people do n't even know this song
it sounds a bit like ya 'll are just good friends vs lovers/partners though .
if she 's not into the sex and does n't care about you getting yours ... .. well ... ..
there 's some level of either not caring or not being attracted or something .
in my opinion good sex has a lot to do with being turned on because the other person is turned on .
being turned on because you 're giving your partner pleasure .
if that part is n't there you end up with the person only caring about their own pleasure .
it might actually be good for you to go to a couples counselor or something if you 're both willing to work on it together .
but that 's what it has to be together .
she needs to put in effort she needs to want to put in effort .
if she does n't want to she basically just likes having you around in a more platonic sense .
no like i straight up think the security guard was using a pat down as an excuse to assault me .
i do n't think they were looking for anything when they grabbed my boobs the way they did
due to increased scam attempts within the sub all low-flaired sellers 11 trades must follow several new procedures for increased security .
all items must include a handwritten timestamp with your username and the current date included in at least one picture that shows all items listed for sale to show proof of ownership .
additional pictures can be included in the album for increased detail .
payment methods is limited to paypal goods and services .
venmo zelle cashapp and paypal friends and family are prohibited unless you use a 3rd member as a payment proxy https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/wiki/proxy .
failure to adhere to this will result in the buyer being banned for 30 days and seller being banned for 90 days .
additionally to make things as simple as possible simply state whether or not the g s fees are included in your listed price s .
if your post is not in compliance with these rules you may be banned .
do not make a new posting edit this posting to ensure it complies or you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
this is the excuse but nicotine addiction was in deep decline before vaping came around and is now increasing mostly due to flavored vaping .
tobacco-flavored vape is way less popular and the substitution effect does n't seem strong .
nicotine alone is way less dangerous than nicotine tar/smoke but it 's still super bad for your arteries and heart .
if we care about this addiction problem and preventing new addictions then making vaping super accessible and appealing to non-addicts is a very very bad idea .
if it 's purely for the health benefits to existing addicts ... there 's no real reason it needs to be non-tobacco flavored because those existing addicts already put up with the flavor of tobacco .
do n't worry about it he did n't even cum .
2 osc random phase at 0 to avoid phase cancelation with the second osc one an octave lower .
i also think that since the second osc is an octave lower being able to control the phase can make it great .
then there should be an adsr envelope like in any synth .
there should also be options for distorion saturation compression and a low pass filter .
basically all the features one would use to create a subbass in vital .
also i 'm not sure if you can do this it 's totally fine if you ca n't but an algorithm that detects the most impactful notes for the sub would be helpful .
that way you can choose a key for your song that is good for the sub .
either works family stone just guarantees an outcome from that family while regular stone is totally random and can give an outcome from any family .
you ca n't have two of the same stat line on one item though so when you 're trying to roll for 3 from one family on an item each one gets harder to roll than the last .
each family has 5 options but if you already have 2 lines from that family on an item you are down to only 3 remaining possibilities from that family but all 5 from each of the other families .
i mean in my job you ca n't taken open containers in soooo ... .
you ca n't just wander around the plane up and down the aisles .
it 's not safe and they would tell you to stop .
depending on the type of plane and airline there are occasionally lounge type things where you can go and hang out for a bit but those are quite rare in this day and age .
so i downloaded wondery and i am paying for a subscription just so i can get morbid episodes ad free and early but when i go on my apple podcast page and open up morbid podcast it says subscribe to wondery and i can get episodes ad free early ... . so does that mean i can just subscribe to wondery through apple still get the ad free early content ?
because i literally have a whole ass app that i use for one podcast just so i do n't have to listen to 20 minutes of ads .
i know you can either subscribe to wondery through apple or you can download the app pay through the app itself but i wan na make sure if i just subscribe thru apple podcast to wondery i 'll still get ads free listening .
yes cut down and burned preferably do n't want to get cold now do we
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
so soon you 'll be able to fulfill your dream by tattooing dead people ... nice .
if she in fact has heat stroke she needs to get medical attention missing work is the least of her worries .
heatstroke kills about 90 of people that do n't get medical attention
your post has been automatically removed because your account has less than 30 karma .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/firstdayontheinternet/comments/30b44n/could_someone_explain_how_the_reddit_karma_system/cprx7g1 to find out more about karma how it works and how you can acquire it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/atlantology if you have any questions or concerns .
😐 supreme court decides what the constitution states in implied instances .
you do realize implied rights are a thing right ?
otherwise we would have like a 3000000 pg constitution .
so who 's saying i feel '' lmfao read up on it buddy 😉 otherwise you just look like a dum dum .
the supreme court 's opinion in the kent v. dulles case in 1958 determined the right to travel is a part of the 'liberty ' of which a citizen can not be deprived without due process of law under the fifth amendment.
there 's plenty of more cases you can easily search .
so you saying it 's not in the constitution is invalid and you would lose in court 😂
i have a 110 a.mina and yuna with maxed t7 bis gear on both of them in sea
though i do not have mina myself i suspect the relationship between the two changes with gear .
mina 's perfect evasion unless it is removed should enable her enough survivability to do her job with lesser gear .
yuna on the other hand gets her survivability from healing but for that to be good she needs good enough to let her utilize it .
currently using an anker powercore fusion 10000 https www.amazon.com/anker-powercore-portable-10000mah-delivery/dp/b08gkl41v4/ref=sr_1_3 ? crid=16w1mplztcfls keywords=anker+plug+in+power+bank qid=1658224706 sprefix=anker+plug+in+power+ban 2caps 2c285 sr=8-3 plugs into the wall to charge but it does n't support super fast charging like the factory brick .
it 's ok not having to carry a separate cable to charge it helps a lot .
i used to watch a lot of dark somnium but now i ca n't stand his voice the music is good tho .
i need to be her parents and to be taught to be the right to be taught .
who gets in right place at the right and that time .
her mother '' what do not want to get out of it and she is to be taught to be right and to be right and not to it
you are in right and she should be taught to be right and not to be right and not .
i know she should be a mother and she should have no more than anything that she is in wrong to be right and she needs to be that she is not a to be to be a parent .
be the right and should be inright and she needs to be in right and she needs to be in right .
i was not told that i should be a parent and i should n't be a parent and i should not be in right and i should n't be in wrong .
i will be parents and i need to be a parent and i need to be wrong .
i 'm not trying to be a parent but the mother and i am a parent and she is not a mother .
c'est un peu le problème de favoriser l'idéologie au savoir .
aujourd'hui on as suffisamment de recul pour savoir qu'une forêt s'entretient que oui couper des arbres entretien la forêt qu'un incendie fait partie du cycle naturel de la forêt .
qu'une forêt hyperdense n'est pas une forêt en bonne santé et qu'elle favorise l'apparition de mega feu de forêt .
part of being a family means thinking of someone other than yourself .
why make the kids spend all stay either cooped up or baking in the sun with no major attractions/activities because mom wants you to be somewhat close to her location but she does n't actually want you to be with her ?
she can make the compromise of having her plans without adding a pointless burden to the rest of her family .
al of these things happened in their own times .
this happened to someone close to me learned he was donor conceived from 23andme so i unintentionally learned a ton about this topic over the past 5 years .
for will 's dna to show a 100 greek parent it would mean either oliver is n't his bio father or oliver is actually 100 greek .
it could be oliver is greek and was adopted by the putnams or he is greek and was switched at birth with a 100 irish child who is now being raised in a greek home .
which would be a wild storyline for them to go with .
another option could be oliver was infertile and roberta used teddy as a sperm donor but i 'm really thinking that would be a bridge too far for this show ?
i do n't see a way how teddy could mess with will 's spit sample at all and still have it show his mom 's dna .
take all this with a grain of salt though because i 'm not sure how far into the dna test nitty gritty the writers of this show are .
purple at the top pink in the middle and black at the bottom for me
it 's like nba players suddenly learning of the word surreal ''
hi this comment is being automatically posted under your submission to facilitate the tallying of the pay2post donut penalty that r/ethtrader deducts from user donut earnings for the quantity of posts they submit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ethtrader if you have any questions or concerns .
if we could just sign a decent midfielder i would be soooooo happy
ahh yes the old reddit i have no logical counter argument so i simply downvote you like a coward.
the pull of the jagen was strong but the pull of dead fire emblem dad was stronger
pocket watches i do n't know why but i love the aesthetics of them .
of a wall building or room painted with whitewash .
the town is a pretty jumble of low whitewashed houses tumbling down to a golden beach ''
obrigo os meus amigos a seguir as minhas regras do uno que são também as únicas oficiais .
também tenho um emprego de sonho caso tivesse 8 anos .
however ibn al haytham is really the one that created the scientific method that is still used today .
that starts with observation hypothesis experiment and conclusion supported by all the previous stages .
aristotle 's method was only observation and then he conclude an argument .
sunni arabs and persians killed the science by themselves between 10th to 12th centuries .
the golden age ended cuz of the mogols and the fall of arabs rule .
i wonder what the sign on top of the door says ... ''
i thought we were blaming avocado toast and people wanting raises and people demanding a higher minimum wage lower gas prices and affordable housing .
i need to point out that being unarmored does not mean naked .
unarmored defense does n't mean you have to be naked .
i 've had a barbarian fight in what was basically a gimp suit .
you 're setting yourself up for the can i return this car ? ''
you admit that you do n't know what you 're doing but think that you 're going to be able to go in and convince someone to discount a car 6 grand during the strongest sellers market in pretty much forever .
you 're going to end up running into a sales person who 's going to sell you a car that you were n't prepared to buy at a price that you probably ca n't afford and it 's going to be 100 your fault .
you buy a car once every 4 or 5 years if ever ?
if you 're lucky you get matched with a green pea that does n't know what they 're doing or a super lazy experienced guy that does n't car about your sale and brooms you but if you meet up with someone hungry you 're going to be driving away in a 10 year old charger with aftermarket wheels financed by the previous owner and 2 windows that do n't work .
my favourite moment is when he crossed for archie thompson against iraq in a 2012 wcq in qatar .
i was quite surprised moving here and realising dutch people think licorice is a dutch '' thing d
yeah me too in one of the last video by snap bolt on youtube think he was trying out boros gates
several years ago before we had obamacare there were very few options if you did n't have employer sponsored healthcare .
i found myself out of work and was on unemployment .
the cheapest insurance i could get at the time was cobra which would have cost 650 per month and i was only getting about 1300 per month in unemployment .
so i figured i have n't been to the doctor in a while i 'd just go without insurance .
i had had them several times in the past so i figured i would try to just pass it at home .
without getting too graphic i 'll just say i had some complications and realized i needed to go to the er .
they ended up telling me i needed to have a lithotripsy done and so they would have to admit me to the hospital for one night so i could have the procedure done the next day .
i then had the lithotripsy and had a stent put in and a couple weeks later had a follow up with a urologist to have the stent removed .
so depending on what kind of insurance he has it could be much higher than that .
this itself shows that ur very fun loving person .
haha ye imagine everone knew it already how silly .
of course its gon na be ... ... .. that one .
i gave away all my money to charity because i 'm so generous . ''
my charity that i spend on doing things i want to do with my money where if i want i can pay myself a wage hire my kids and family and pay them a wage i can charge world travel on working for foundation so all my costs go on them . ''
yet another story from billionaire who pretends not to be a billionaire while doing shit only billionaires can do .
you should stop watching these movies since you cant understand them '' .
how much of a delusional brat can you be that you yourself cant seem to understand that criticism is a thing and what 's been said in this thread have been legitimate claims .
you seem hurt that these guys presented us with solid problems this film had with you simply replying with elementary responses like youre wrong '' like a toddler .
like good for you you managed to enjoy this movie but it does n't change the fact that it had poor writing terrible sound design and bad pacing to say the least .
platinum is mined at 1/10 the rate of gold has it ever been 10x the price ?
the paint wears off on the edges but the back is fine .
my hands are sweaty too i use disinfectant for the case regularly i gently wash it with water and soap .
tagging the whole post for spoilers is sufficient under r/books rules .
however a common mistake with spoiler tags is not realising you need new tags for each paragraph could that be it ?
if there is a folder that is synced to a cloud drive you can try to set it as the output folder .
yea and she also threw a water bottle at charules ' face and held him by his face once .
idk if rosa 's character had anything useful other than being bi-sexual in terms inclusivity etc .
so weird that korea has ended up with a vocal online populace that parrots arguments from the english-speaking/american right .
spending their lives searching for or making stuff up to get mad about
at least he 's a believable tyrant '' who 's corrupt unfair and can be cruel .
he 's an ass but he 's relatively ok written and not too exaggerated just to make the real ml look good effortlessly .
it 's not the best of best but it 's underrated for sure .
very early 90 sound grungey i think the mixing is solid especially in the verse parts .
there a bit to much distortion on vocals for me .
non lo dico ironicamente bisogna davvero capire che dall'altra parte dello schermo c'è una persona fisica con emozioni idee e pensieri ed in certi casi estrema fragilità e situazioni limite .
i will be messaging you in 6 months on 2023-01-25 17:11:03 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2023-01-25 2017:11:03 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https www.reddit.com/r/humansarespaceorcs/comments/vu567h/a_group_of_alien_marines_toss_their_new_standard/ihln20q ? context=3
click this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fhumansarespaceorcs 2fcomments 2fvu567h 2fa_group_of_alien_marines_toss_their_new_standard 2fihln20q 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202023-01-25 2017 3a11 3a03 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
people who oppose me are bigots dude you got ta get trudeau 's cock outta your mouth every now and then
that 's because the venom is only paralyzing even the orcs who take him prisoner say he should be waking up in about 2 hours .
i would totally do this to my mom but i would n't want her to keep the child .
what a terrible song to get people hyped for a fight .
wwe loves following something good with something cringe like the front of their shirts vs. the back lol
my nearest tesla service center is 15.8 miles away and i got it delivered to me .
did n't exactly eat it but i have seen it .
1 nah he started of in mid-2020 and we started dating early 2021 .
2 i could probably quit but i enjoy my job im currently a stripper which is actually how i met him !
4 someone wanted to see him be in a gangbang with 8 different men😵‍💫meanwhile he 's very straight haha .
better yet imagine them to be some sort of amoeba atom in which the mass is concentrated into the centre nucleus and the rest is mostly empty space .
when food any form of energy comes near the amoeba then that food is absorbed and some waste particle emitted energy usually in the form of light is removed from the main amoeba body .
only difference is that the motion speed and relative direction of motion of everything including the atom after it and the emitted partice involving is again mostly everything is governed by one or the other laws of physics
i definitely feel like their relationship has fizzled out .
notice how you said you feel good ordering anything electronic off amazon
if amazon did n't have that market cornered and the producers of electronics having deals you 'd have stopped that sentence at you feel good ordering anything electronic ? ''
i buy most of my stuff in brick and mortar stores that actually evolved with the times i 'm not gon na go to gamestop for electronics when there 's better deals and they actually have the product in stock at best buy
this is like the nft situation all over again .
it 's looking for problems to invent a solution for then you have to invent a problem for that solution .
you think a 6 year old is going to see winnie the pooh with their arms open facing them and think anything other than hug '' ?
who tf just puts their arms out like that randomly .
the fat ugly cowboy looking for his little young cowgirl .
good to clear the pipes now and then son no shame
looks like the old part of universal studios they have n't updated for 30 years lol
i mean i do n't really see the point in hiding it .
it 's a kind act your sister is doing and she deserves to be celebrated for that in her own way .
luckily you do n't have the situation of someone giving up your future child and you can probably start that conversation really early with your child .
they took an egg out of your aunt and they put it in my belly so you could grow in my belly. you do n't have to go super in-depth and obviously you 'd want to be age appropriate but something like that is pretty pg and watered down .
at the end of the day it 's your choice though .
reminder phr4r is not a discussion forum please message the op instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
januray 6th when antifa pulled a false flag and framed all those patriots for treason .
i 've often heard the makhnovists where authoritarian by crushing bolsheviks and leftcoms and had pogroms is any of this true ?
if not do you have an article or anything i can use for evidence in arguments with these people ?
or honestly just read it as i do n't have a whole lot of information on makhnovia .
he called them privileged and he exaggerated what that privilege looks like while completely ignoring the danger and downsides .
but seriously in terms of online dating that 's the reality for the average person .
men get zero matches on average not including the top and so have to turn it into a numbers game which means canned responses because you have to put out so many because an individual only has so much effort available and on the woman 's side they get tons of matches but all of them seem like shallow canned responses that they do n't want to respond to because an individual only has so much effort available .
and the only one who profits is the app sitting in between them .
if this is your youtube channel you should n't have one .
i happen to basically agree and like the known formula of passer rating over a kinda vague proprietary stat .
i 'm in mn so i 'm not sure .
i contact cms requesting the service be added to their service agreement .
oof sorry bud you did n't get the message ?
fiancé just told me she considers watching porn cheating and will not marry me unless i never do it again
listen anytime you can prove you are a power conference by going up against the strategy the mac uses you have to do it
yeah but it 's only 1 and like i said physical damage can still work on them even then
although i 'm curious does gg target the helpers ?
they 're not exactly close to the blue box .
i 'd love that you could ride me raw and i 'd keep filling your pretty pussy full of my thick cum .
the ps4 came out in 2013 and by the time it comes it will be 10 years old .
tbh at some point they have fully commit to the current gen system .
but her voice has recently blossomed in a strange way .
she 's become one of the greatest adriana 's of all time .
but if she can get the roles right i predict an indian summer .
i think she 's worked on intonation and can be a good musician in fedora manon lescaut i 'd even enjoy her medea .
the basic instrument is coming into a new season and in the right role it 's a rediscovered gem a la olivero .
she 's getting her voice together but the roles are hit or miss .
finished my second read through a while ago looking to read it at least once more this year if not twice have a lot of other supplementary reading though as well .
covert contracts and blowing them up getting past resentment if you get nothing else from the book those two alone will change everything for you imo .
ngl sometimes i entertain the idea when it 's winter and there are no bathrooms and i have too pee 😅😅😅
the world being your urinal is something that directly comes with penis only
das mit dem wasser trinken wollte ich auch als sehr guten erfahrungswert beitragen .
einfach '' richtig gut und viel vor/während dem essen an wasser zu dir nehmen u/fettarsch85
i swear to god if everyone just says insominac or rocksteady ...
i am already scouting new things to do on mondays and fridays .
your reddit account must be at least 14 days old to participate here .
there has been an increase in spammers and scammers and we notice that many of them are brand new accounts .
you can override the account age requirement by getting verified with the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rapefantasies if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah unfortunately that is what reddit and most social media will focus on a lot of time
perhaps it 'll finally hit me i do n't know .
i know that in this current time and how my kids are it 's the best decision i can make at this point .
may not be the healthiest for myself but seeing them happy is enough for me right now .
i do understand your points and appreciate the dialog of it rather than telling me you 're wrong ! ''
i can see how it can just turn into a vicious cycle and i do keep that in mind as well .
there 's always hope ... that one of those dark moles is malignant melanoma .
naks hahaha di mo na nireplyan yun lalaki yung ego nanaman non for sure hahaha
remember nasa internet tayo we are expose sa iba't ibang klase ng tao .
wanted to include the people behind the production of the vr stream too .
so i drew them as ame and bubba hehe .
wtf no not even close to the same level .
only 7.5 of indian households own a car compared to 91.55 of american .
7.5 of india 's population is about a third of 91.55 of usa 's population .
i do n't understand i keep fucking her but he just keeps posting
remember silence is complicity so if you do n't join our discord https discord.gg/m8zq2mv7jx you 're a fucking shill
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/halocirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
i know but he is n't gavi or fdj good .
if you bargained down to 100 it 's totally worth it .
funny that that monster would still die to mystic mine
the why are n't we pumping during a bloodbath are my favorites .
later we will flip to mooning on the first decent run .
mixed with angry trolls in both directions lots of noise .
but there are some decent info and discussions to be had .
or we could all try to cramer i suppose .
adding to your counterpoints buying a game in its current state literally means buying an unfinished broken part of a game in most cases nowadays .
so where do you go when it turns into ea and others asking for money for a day 1 patch ?
ring lights are a game-changer and 2nd best only to 3-point lighting .
disney pulled colin trevorrow 's star wars because book of henry flopped so bad it only made 4 million dollars love and thunder 's gross is not comparable .
likely they 'll be more involved with taika 's projects but this performance does n't warrant pulling the plug on projects they 've previously committed to .
it seems you are posting from a new account !
posts by new accounts are removed at the moment in an attempt to decrease spam .
thank you for understanding please do not message the mods asking for the specific time period as this will not be disclosed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
hours later when they 've forgotten and everyone has moved on and the house is calm ?
i hope it gets better and your marriage too .
everyone from chelsea and united to bayern and madrid hate us all it takes is one loss for barça and r/soccer will explode
i 'm still curious as to why rhea described the season overall as psychologically disturbing .
maybe kim has a tougher time after leaving than we think .
so.i should aim 20 inch arms as a 5'10 person to get his proportions
this dude is just bragging with things he does n't have and doesnt understand or he fell for a really stupid wish scam
that 's too funny ... . stop it ! !
iwndwyt ... .. or purchase any take-away tacos for a couple of months at least .
i normally make my own once a week anyway ... love tacos .
reasonably healthy too they are under-rated in the food pyramid .
some people are happy just pottering around their home watching a bit of tv gaming reading etc not really bending to the pressure of having that busy life .
busy people are likely not the happiest people and often likely need people around them all the time to block out their own internal noise .
with me tbh i 'm happy being at home i do have a job but just being content cleaning maybe some television maybe some reading and writing perhaps going for a walk .
i do n't see the point in filling my days with stuff .
like i could go into the city and go shopping but tbh fuck that .
it 's way to busy and people annoy me .
if you have money i would spend a few days away in the week because if you do n't have a job the concept of a week becomes null and void .
everyone is so brainwashed to live a certain life the 9/5 grind or the shift horror and just accept it .
really as humans we should be seeking out pleasure in our days .
having said that some of us do need to work to pay the bills but still.. why not invest some time in looking for an interesting job rather then throwing it into a career you do n't particularly enjoy .
if you have to work at least do something odd and different .
personally i do n't live to work if you had not fussed that .
i live to be me i hate the concept of a structured week .
tomorrow il go into work today i 'm pottering at home etc etc .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
probably a d to dd and 57 years old so not perky but i prefer comfort .
it 's not really the alt '' right when it 's all of them .
as you add lives with this trick the game starts to represent the number of available lives with symbols .
the problem is that only so much memory is allocated to tracking the number of available lives so if you exceed that limit the counter rolls over to zero and then the next time you die it 's game over .
golden brown when you 're a bit tipsy is a real trip .
this is why male issues '' will never be anything but a colossal joke .
not a single comment pointing out that the perv in the post set out to do to a woman exactly what ended up happening to him .
somehow rape is okay if you toss the victim a few hundred bucks after you pull out .
man sets out to rape woman urge to have sex ''
same thing happens to him when other men have the same urge to have sex and then all of a sudden it 's rape .
there are comments about how this wo n't be taken seriously ... .not a word about the trafficked women who endure this multiple times a day ... as if men unleashing their depravity and perversion on each other is somehow society 's doing and not their own goddamn problem
wishing this fucker a lifetime of incontinence and infection ✨
dunno out of sheer curiosity i memorized a lot from anatomy and biology books .
however until i have seen it in real i ca n't judge how accurate i am or how much i know .
sometimes i discover some mistakes in my memories or thoughts .
in general however i think the female anatomy can be memorized very well .
because it 's cool for men to have a high body count .
ahlakin olmadigi yerde neyin dogru neyin yanlis oldugunu kimse söyleyemez .
anca bilim argümanini kullanabilirler yani 1. karsilikli riza var mi ve 2. insanlar zarar görmemeli .
bu olayda karsilikli riza da var ikisinin zarar görmemesi de .
yani hic bir ateist pedofilinin kötü oldugunu iddia edemez cünkü hicbir yere dayandiramaz bunu .
benim bildigim kadariyla da islam‘da evlilik bulug cagina girdikten sonra ve örnegin kizlarda ilk adetten sonra mümkün .
simdi hangi ateist gelip diyebilir ki bu yastan önce pedofili olur bu yastan sonra pedofili olmaz ?
18 yas olayi 20. yy‘in icadi ve bunun bilimsel dayanagi yok .
o yüzden dünyada her ülkede 18 yas resit olma yasi degildir .
so hiyo time my dad qas going through financial troubles so best option ni kutoa ball at that time but ata 500 bob wapi natusiwa tu venye mimi ni malaya had to sell everything ndo nimanage kuchanga dooh za kutoa saa hizo niko 6 months i knew ningechukia mtoi i was sooo bitter mjudge lakini its what it is then after nimetoa ball just to inform him nimejua huyu msee miaka tano so i thought ata empathy ako nayo he just laughed telling me that he has a baby on the way na dem mwingine saa hizo nimelisha mtu miaka 5 nalala kwa floor .
how is that even possible it 's literally in the name .
if you want something adjacent but not caring for people .
at either a private path lab or at the red cross blood service .
my wife was an rn in aged care for 10 years or so mostly with dementia patients until she decided to follow her passion and study midwifery having kids stopped her doing her grand year and she thought she was stuck in aged care forever but she just started a new job in a maternity ward and is loving it .
marx perfectly predicted how the following centuries would play our because that was the only thing he was trying to do .
he called any attempts to design systems to put in place utopianism '' because he believed that the only way we could determine what would actually function was through a descriptive analysis of the faults of the current system and the trajectory with which that pushes society .
this reading of marx is one that is often missed by those who view the communist manifesto as his pinnacle work .
anyone who wants to understand marx should read capital https www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1867-c1/index.htm '' as it was his magnum opus a bit dull and long but that 's what you expect from economic theory.. marxist analysis forms the basis of true anarchism .
systems which lay claim to the title anarchist '' but are not marxist are not anarchist .
this is even something understood by so called anarcho '' capitalists who are well read with even it 's own founder admitting that it is in no way a form of anarchism .
if you would like to understand what actual anarchism is based on i recommend you read what is property ?
https theanarchistlibrary.org/library/pierre-joseph-proudhon-what-is-property-an-inquiry-into-the-principle-of-right-and-of-governmen toc5 '' by the founder of anarchism pierre joseph proudhon .
if you are n't are n't interested in reading the whole 700 page work i recommend just going to chapter 1 and reading that .
it succinctly explains pretty much the entire position of the book with common sense and the rest is just further diving into the implications of the conclusion reached in chapter 1 .
if you are more interested in how anarchism works i recommend the conquest of bread https usa.anarchistlibraries.net/library/petr-kropotkin-the-conquest-of-bread '' by peter kropotkin or for a shorter read anarchy https theanarchistlibrary.org/library/errico-malatesta-anarchy '' by errico malatesta .
if you want a scientific understanding of why anarcho-communism is merely a result of human nature kropotkin 's mutual aid a factor of evolution https theanarchistlibrary.org/library/petr-kropotkin-mutual-aid-a-factor-of-evolution '' is a must read .
you wake up and miranda is standing there saying really shepard ? ''
mirage is everlasting mirage is internal mirage is the embodiment of time itself .
honestly i like mirage nuke inferno these are the all time bests to watch .
wait until you try a gyro my friend fucking heaven
🟣 you have 0 shares previously logged with drsbot .
latest info for drsbot and the splividivisplividend permalink https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/vtonvj/drsbot_splividivisplividend_and_stuff
idk from my experience it 's usually good 2-3 hours after the video is released
why do ppl do this i would be scared to be stuck bro
chahiye punch lines to mai mike pe tyson ye bhage kare dash daloon life me hyphen
here 's my daily challenge try to not get overly disappointed and frustrated with mediatonic's/epic 's avoidance of trying to fix the game 's never-ending bugs and reluctance of rewarding us a decent amount of kudos .
yes so we can all see the extendo chicken run in giant circles away '' from predators or try and screw every human it meets .
the horrifying image of a prolapsed ostrich a anus as it takes a shit .
there 's not that much interesting about them tbh .
unlike some universities taking part time in this one means you 'll take only one course per term that 's 5 courses every year you need 40 to finish
that means it will take 8 years for you to finish ...
but that 's alright you can anytime register for 2 courses or more and you 'll be back as full time student
also a lot of students here study from other sources like sophia and transfer credits
yep some of the toilets are a hole with places for your feet either side so they stoop over these like in the picture and it 's more natural for them but toilets in the uk are n't really designed for this and it tends to break the seats .
contexto nesse episodio a net do mundo inteiro caiu e o brasil foi o primeiro fazendo com que ele desaparece e do mapa .
jump from the tree and jetski on the two crocodiles ?
i actually used a roadmap in 2013 for my honeymoon road trip to various state parks .
i had never used one before but i loved it .
was nice being able to see more than a phone screen 's worth and not worry about internet dropping in the countryside .
your statement says a lot about you as a person
i read that we can make eye contact for 3 seconds and look away for 3-5 seconds repeat .
it 's apparently the perfect amount of time to look like you 're interested but not creepy .
right ... right ... we ca n't let our people down right now in a time like this ...
i think we 'll have to be the overseers ... the ones who steers the wheels for gaia ... just like what kalia said ...
no one can catch you jerking off if you do n't jerk off
that he literally does n't know cause hes never thought about it before maybe hive him a bit and ask again he might have thought about it but probably not
i hate starmer and think he 's a fucking snake tbh but i 'd take him over boris sunak et al any day of the week .
blaire was awful as well but i remember life being a hell of a lot better under new labour than anything that came after it .
i do n't know what to tell you here bud .
when i read the quoted section i understand it .
it 's why i selected it over the more complicated sections .
it basically just said that the vaccines are suppressing innate immunity which has the potential to result in the negative consequences listed above .
i 'm all for it just asking how it would be implemented .
bro roblox is totally blind i have this in roblox and roblox still didnt found out
they also require both secure boot and tpm 2.0 on win11 that would be pretty difficult to go around unless you tinker with hardware and find a way to mitm the lpc bus between the tpm module and the southbridge .
if it 's a cpu-embedded tpm tough luck unless there 's an exploit in firmware
just making it to the gate of illusion is very impressive .
dammit morrigan your the reason the sphinx bauble got taken away too if she built it it would grant negative cooldown and increased your cooldown instead and now shes breaking something else
at t is going crazy with its deployment of 5g up here in mass as well .
i 'd ask her if she has a foot fetish and make it uncomfortable for her since she wants to act weird and indirect instead of saying what she means
did you go with the two jarvis single arm mounts ?
i did the same because the wirecutter recommended it and i 'm regretting now getting the dual monitor arm
i hate it too but by forcing a habit of 2-3 seconds of eye contact then back to my wandering eyes i believe it 's really helped me socialize over the years added some humanity to 1-on-1s .
i 'm still usually a dead-end conversationalist with non-friends though .
i 'm 29 and a couple games back day next to a woman in her 60s who said basically the same thing to me and then added and i also cuss a lot .
needless to say we became friends in like .02 seconds and i miss her every game 😭
lol yeah vanguard is the newer version of the se engine what were you expecting a downgrade ?
i 've been obsessively using the yuka app to scan my food before i buy it and it 's been a godsend .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason
personal attacks racism bigotry trolling conspiracy theories and incitement are prohibited .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the sidebar to the right or the subreddit rules for a more detailed analysis of our rules .
if you want to appeal or dispute any mod action please send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fisrael pms and chat messages to the mods are grounds for a temporary ban posts contesting mod action will be removed and are also grounds for a temporary or permanent ban .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason
rule 7 no spamming low-effort shitposting clickbait proselytizing crowdfunding requests and auto-translated articles .
self-promotion surveys and amas are strictly forbidden without the explicit permission of the moderation team .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the sidebar to the right or the subreddit rules for a more detailed analysis of our rules .
if you want to appeal or dispute any mod action please send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fisrael pms and chat messages to the mods are grounds for a temporary ban posts contesting mod action will be removed and are also grounds for a temporary or permanent ban .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't have a the one '' at all .
i practice kitchen table polyamory and see my partners as part of a family we built together .
non-monogamy can be so many different things depending on if youre looking for love dates sex or whatever else .
it depends on the set and agreed to boundaries and how everyone in the relationship is feeling .
they said my hardship did n't qualify me for a tax advocate .
waterfowl simply because it 's the most accessible form of hunting where i am .
i wish i could hunt deer more often but it 's a huge commitment especially when i only have access to public land that burns down every year ... .
there was a game that did this years ago .
it was a gta like game in the ps2 era if i remember correctly .
as i recall each major encounter had the option not to replay after you fail .
choosing to do so forks the story similar to an old choose your own adventure book. doing this in some instances led to pretty much an immediate and unhappy ending to the game .
i see that you too have read gardening by priti patel .
i have had two entyvio infusions and have n't noticed anything different .
stelara was n't suppose to cause hair loss but it did with me and now that i had to switch to entyvio my hairs not falling out .
entyvio targets the intestines more and since they are are always in direct talks with the brain maybe there is a link .
i hope it subsides for you in the future .
i 've never heard of searches coming back that fast !
i feel like we really see people 's unconscious bias come out in the hospital .
it makes me sad that the vote of people who consider this 'worldnews ' in an election counts as much as my own vote .
i think dee 's car hitting the wall and mac staggering out of it might be the sequence that i 'm most surprised still makes me lol .
i cried laughing when it happened the night the episode first aired .
gaming console of their choice ps5 xbox series s or nintendo switch
care package panties sephy lube stickers magnet thank you card
gaming console of their choice choose from the remaining 2 consoles
care package panties sephy lube stickers magnet thank you card
gaming console whichever is left over by the 1st/2nd place winners
care package panties sephy lube stickers magnet thank you card
exclusive full-length video which will be previewed throughout the month
👉🏻 the ps5 console can only be shipped within the uk due to shipping regulations regarding internal batteries !
if there are no uk winners the winners can still choose from nintendo switch or xbox series s .
👉🏻 if the consoles are unavailable for purchase in the winners country or any unforeseen charges arise they will be sent the cash equivalent of their chosen console
👉🏻 the video is sent via dms when the raffle is over .
if you wish to download the video an extra 5 will be charged for a download link after the raffle is done
no anal compilation mv award or of exclusive videos included !
nintendo switch pictured is my personal switch the winner will be purchased a brand new console
technically any container that has had cannabis in it is no longer considered recyclable due to having had class 1 substances '' in it .
far as i know if they are sent to a recycling facility they are thrown out there .
why is israel the ones extending their hands out to the arab world for peace ?
israel are the ones reaching out to palestinian authorities for cease fires and when they are shot at with rockets they respond with appropriate force while calling the civilians in the area to let them know to before hand and avoid civilians casualties while palestine shoots at civilians on purpose you have said the most asinine take i have seen in a while and the fact you can say israel are the aggressors under an actual video of mock executions of jews by palestinians proves you have no clue what you 're speaking about .
and ofc it 's ok if u do n't like it d
this sounds like you 've just hit the middle recommended word above your keyboard over and over again
it seems that after the last update the whole origin is extremely buggy .
why have a relationship with someone if you 're both fucking other people at the same time ?
one who 's never had to lift her finger and just inherited her millions .
i remember when everyone was saying this was the worst ye era bring back down bad ye that shit was so funny he 's gon na be the next oj simpson '' ass mf were freaking out over some jokes bruh
i ordered from waterstones and mine just shipped yesterday 😁
r/onlyfanspetite is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspetite if you have any questions or concerns .
so he only wore that mask for that one time .
he probably just got back from the optometrist and eyes are really sensitive to light so he could n't do with the fire that one day .
well pardon me if i did n't go to some fancy ivy league la~de~da medical school
it was n't the side action because the bad ass soldiers you remember as the main characters were inextricably intertwined with caesar 's rise to power and the later war between antony and augustus .
titus pullo and vorenus choose their loyalties pretty early in the show vorenus is antony 's man until the end and pullo influences some history-making events while mentoring augustus at atia 's behest .
it 's because of pullo 's bar brawl that antony never makes it to the senate to vote like pompey wanted .
it 's not like we had the pleb storylines separate from the patricians they were intimately connected throughout the series .
you seem to like tf2 so much that you want to change all the unique stuff about it .
this is just like uncle dane 's video about crits and ctf .
watching a clip of chan saying goodbye to their us bodyguards has me so soft for some reason .
making friends wherever he goes really is his superpower .
i think david 's says less than 1 of the reservations have issues .
it 's basically if you 're willing to put up 5000 for a deluxe stay that you ca n't cancel ... with the super rare possibility that you 'll end up with a regular room which costs the same .
or put up the same 5000 to disney that is just a regular room .
the only positives there is that it 's guaranteed and can be cancelled by you if necessary
support your claim if you want people to agree with you .
we parked down the street on someone 's lawn for 20 dollars .
what is that on the top right of every map ?
i 've seen a few people now with this and idk what it is
i actually fw the fact that he didnt has to mention names to get attention .
would 've been a thousand times better if it was about rodrick .
i do n't think she meant anything bad by it to be honest i think she was just very happy about it .
she also went on about how when they walk it 's much easier for playing and stuff so i have that to look forward to .
she was trying to be positive but just did n't get that you do n't say that to a person whose baby does n't like sleep
the main goal is that you have fun with it so i am glad that it worked this morning .
a common concoction for recovering from a cold is this recipe along with some cinnamon
that was exactly it was staggered to discover i honestly just wanted a nice cup of tea instead 🥳
for me this answer was never about my partner it was about me .
i was n't ready to accept that kind of love .
i had other things i wanted to accomplish before settling down and raising a family .
then years later i got it and knew i had to give in order to receive and things fell into place .
do not repost this without contacting the mods for approval including edited versions .
reposting without explicit approval will result in a ban .
this post violates rule 7 there is no interpersonal conflict here for our community to make a judgment about .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole with any questions .
please ensure you have reviewed this message in full .
they know they 're a specialist modified car insurer so they love everything non standard .
you ca n't play the games if you do n't have a subscription
milani is a drug store product that sells for 30 at the most .
an actress who is married to johnny depp is not using a 30 makeup brand .
ambers make up artist confirmed that amber used cle de peau a high end brand that costs around 180 .
amber went in front of a judge that day for her restraining order do you think the judge may have realized it was makeup ?
if it was fake amber could have made the bruising look much worse .
next you will be telling me you never heard of decado the ice killer .
as you can see by either watching them or comparing their stats .
what 's happened here ? looks like shafali may have taken a stunning caught and bowled .
full ball just outside off and slapped back straight .
shafali gets low dives to her right and takes a stunning catch ensuring that her fingers were wrapped under the ball before they grazed the pitch .
looks conclusive and the screen at the ground confirms it !
kimi not knowing what a groundhog is will forever get me
i 've hit the same issue and found the solution more like wa here https www.reddit.com/r/logitechg/comments/t23six/mic\_doesnt\_reactivate\_after\_flipping\_down ? utm\_source=share utm\_medium=web2x context=3
the current solution is to turn off noise removal in ghub !
thanks for your reply might try that its odd as its an old account been linked before and just started having issues !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
every player is a role player so i 'd take giannis .
such a great view of her perfect butt cheeks in this picture .
i bet she 's got the best looking butt crack ever .
oh god well if that 's true no way loren did not give it a taste .
cant blame her though she was drunk and not in control .
nt that mitigates all the psychological issues losing human contact has to any meaningful degree .
it does n't need to mitigate every psychological issue .
vr can recreate a good amount of the benefits of real life and that in itself is meaningful .
the power button started giving light and the fans started working so it looked like it was booting .
i turned it off added my gpu again plugged the hdmi of my monitor into it and tried again .
perhaps the second issue is that the psu is too weak ?
perhaps i need like 1200 watts instead of 800 ?
if i use id cooling se 224 xt black can i use my side panel extension ?
branch managers were the hardest job to fill at my last system and we almost always hired externally for them .
maybe once it 's wrapped left a couple of times sure it tilts a smidge to the right before doing a couple more laps left .
your post has been removed because most images are not allowed as posts https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/rules wiki_restricted_content here .
if you want to post fanart https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/rules wiki_fanart or cosplay https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/rules wiki_cosplay make a text post with a link to the image in the body of the post https i.redd.it/gd9vg4kscwe91.gif
if you are looking for the source of an image try image searching tools first https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/reverse_image_searching or if that does n't work make a text post with the help flair and include a link to the image in the body of the post https i.redd.it/gd9vg4kscwe91.gif
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
dem deutschen mittelstand ging es noch sie so schlecht wie heute !
« hva tenker du hvis jeg sier at jeg tror usa sitter med nøkkelen i denne krigen og at det er de som kan ende den ? »
man skal være litt forsiktig med å tro på konspirasjoner .
man har en tendens til å glemme hvor ofte forsøk på hemmelig operasjoner går fullstendig på ræva .
men mange ser ut til å tro at cia mi6 og fsb spiller femdimensjonal sjakk bak-fram og i blinde uten å bomme en millimeter .
usa og hele den demokratiske verden har stor interesse av at russland går så på trynet at det synger for de har truet med atomvåpen angrepet naboland drevet med snikmord i andre land og generelt oppført seg på en måte som er fullstendig uakseptabel .
hvis de blir slått grundig på slagmarken og må trekke seg tilbake og slikke sine sår i 10-20 år vil det være godt for verden .
men å trekke det ut i tid hjelper ingen .
dessuten er det jo ukraina som har bedt om mer krigsmateriell mer avansert materiell og tyngre skyts hele tiden .
vesten har vært de som har holdt igjen og ukraina trenger mye mer for å redde landet fra det som faktisk er en grusom despotisk krigshisser .
hits within a couple hours so do n't go to far i eat in the morning but i 'll also have a bowl in the evening just for the heck of it but it will regulate the hell out of you but safe and natural
if u mean that the opponents monsters go to your graveyard then you are incorrect
understandable someone here linked his op.gg and he is grandmaster going first strike
nta how is it any different to him watching porn based on game characters ?
3 works best with 1 or 2 have been done as it only calibrates the battery .
remember when everyone was mad that the mods did n't want to spend all their time moderating spoiler arguments ?
this is the kind of thread that their time needs to be spend moderating .
an obvious troll thread should n't be up this long .
nor should obvious transphobes be allowed here but that seems to be an uphill battle .
i love working in downtown san diego ... right by the bay..
jedi knight dark forces ii rogue spear age of empires .
have had no issues with only one rest day .
sometimes leg day is mon sometimes it 's wed .
currently half marathon training this might change when i start full marathon training .
i tend to make my trucks only a touch better than vanilla little more power my custom tires or pogs and addons lots of addons
even a lot of fish from softwater habitats will usually do fine in hardwater aquariums if they are not wild caught .
if i had more sensitive species i would use ro though .
here is a list of common myths and misconceptions about snakes .
non-venomous snakes shake their tails to mimic rattlesnakes https www.davidpfenniglab.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/2016_am-nat.pdf
baby venomous snakes are more dangerous than adults https web.archive.org/web/20120922054435/http www.livingalongsidewildlife.com/2009/10/are-bites-from-baby-venomous-snakes.html comment-1039213912
rattlesnakes are losing their rattle because of insert reason https web.archive.org/web/20111227034153/http www.livingalongsidewildlife.com/2011/06/are-rattlesnakes-rattling-less-because.html
the only good snake is a dead snake https umdrightnow.umd.edu/news/timber-rattlesnakes-vs-lyme-disease
i am a bot created for r/whatsthissnake r/snakes and r/herpetology to help with snake identification and natural history education .
you can find more information including a comprehensive list of commands here https www.reddit.com/r/whatsthissnake/comments/flh548/phylobot_v07_information_and_patch_notes_bot_info and report problems here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=phylogenizer .
u/georgefeb is the artist of this project as you know he is part of the raptoreye team and co-founder of this server .
so it is a natural migration to focus on only one discord server to have fun for future collaborations between algonumbers and the raptorverse .
2️⃣ visit 🔢general and 🎉giveaways do not miss the current giveaway .
3️⃣ until now the most important sale was algonumber 1 for 2k !
5️⃣ let 's give them our love and support .
besides joker only bothers with being excessive because he finds batman personally compelling .
spider-man having an actual sense of humor would drive the joker crazy plus there 's the fact that spidey has actual powers .
i recently discovered that airplay was a thing and it has dramatically improved my f1 watching experience !
yeah that 's my point you ca n't grab a knife .
i mean i would if my only other option in a struggle is dying because i could n't get control but you 're right .
i can grab a gun not easily because depending on the action there 's moving parts and you can get burnt but it 's still doable we actually had some dudes that we traines with who were a combination of swat and spec ops only twice though as a cool extra thing and they confirmed that while you 'll likely hurt your hand you can at least have a chance at holding onto a gun if it fires .
give them the keys to your damn second hand 93 camry and go home without being poked full of holes .
i mean can you still receive calls and messages on your number ?
i mean ... yeh thats kinda the definition of ai otherwise it would technically just be a big fuck off computer since if theres no real time adapting involved it 's literally just organising what goes where when its a glorified router
i mean can anyone actually afford the la lifestyle ?
even elon musk was like fuck it i 'm a texan !
about half way through i was thinking it might not be for me and nutted soon after think it will be my last experience with a dude
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/team_liberal if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you have no idea how bad mental health services are in this country .
that aside a ten pound fine will not help because the tories are deliberately running down the nhs so they can sell it to their mates .
best part was the soviets then reaching out after the failure to offer funds they had set aside for developing nations .
you can do it yourself for 5 plus dot4 ?
5 diy brake line kit small crescent medicine syringe 3/16 fuel line tubing fuel line is roughly 3 any auto store and any pharmacy gives the medicine syringe free https imgur.com/a/g5tkg1o
you should be learning to do your own basic maintenance anyways .
when i do mine i wrap a shop rag around the brake fluid resovoir mitigate spills/drips .
i tape a water bottle to garage floor so it does n't fall over/move and use syringe to suck out all the old fluid from brake reservoir not necessary for bleeding in your case since fluid is new squirt into bottle and then put tube into bottle and tape over it to hold it in place .
connect tube to your caliper bleed nipple will have a little rubber boot or cap on it .
for me on average i do 5 full resovoir refills/bleeds then a final top off to just a bit under the top fill line .
when it gets to low line refill it fully .
you will suck in air and you will have to start all over .
if you release pedal/lever while nut is open you will suck in air and you will have to start all over .
sucking in air to brake line will make brake feel spongy and not function properly .
this is stingy self-righteous ecologically and historically clueless nonsense .
what is killing us '' are scores of factors a dozen or more of which have been in play for millennia .
the actions or inactions of people today rich poor famous infamous whatever make no measurable difference whatsoever to anything that matters .
we 're toast ... and the sooner you accept and trust unstoppable collapse https youtu.be/ib33htadxdu and likely nthe within the next decade or two and the sooner you give up this kind of trivial clueless judgment of others for their behaviors the more joy you 'll be able to have and the bigger blessing you can be to others in your/our/their remaining months and years .
if you think we do i invite you to consider the possibility of getting involved in a program of hopium detox and recovery https youtu.be/ib33htadxdu .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
the silph road is a heavily-moderated community focused on studying and illuminating game mechanics .
for this reason we only allow certain specific types of content .
your post falls outside of our allowed post types .
it is almost always pinned to the subreddit when sorted for hot !
try posting in r/pokemongo another community page which allows a broader range of content .
for our rules and allowed post types please see our comment and submission rules https www.reddit.com/r/thesilphroad/wiki/rules .
i grew up on li and love it but feel much better being off an island .
knowing that if i want to head down south go west north wherever and not have to deal with the dreaded throgs neck traffic/general getting off the island traffic is very ensuring
i know as an adult i 'm responsible for my own issues with codependency so that 's a great idea .
to somebody that 's never had sex that 's how you 'd describe ejaculate ?
it 's actually a pretty poor choice of words .
yeah you do n't see a ton of older cars here in chicago lots of salt on the roads lots of pot holes etc so it 's nice to see a survivor like this parked on the street .
it 's so wild to me how well articulated and beautiful these newer mcfarland figures are .
it 's technically a hard a so more like a-tac-ems .
hi galacticleeloo your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule1 any image even extreme pov without props or size edits buildings/small people is not considered size content .
if your image has extreme pov and no prop or size edits please post it to r/giantesspov .
if your image is without pov props or size edits please find a more appropriate sub to post it to .
we support content creators who want to continue to post content to this subreddit but it is a giantess subreddit .
you 're welcome to engage the community with a discussion-tagged post asking how to create content better suited for the giantess fetish .
there are even people out there who would be happy to edit your photos for you .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification you can message the mods .
it 's stated elsewhere in this thread that this is n't a bike lane .
mine was actually a psychologist with a ph.d. who treated various issues among which there were sexual dysfunctions and trauma .
but she also treated anxiety disorders social anxiety depression etc ...
psychologists have a range of issues they 're trained to tackle .
could you find a more general excuse to go see one that you would have researched beforehand and secretly know they also treat sexual problems like feeling stressed depressed anxious ?
to research one you could dm me and i can help you .
depending on your state/country there 's a board of psychologists and on their website there will be a search engine to find someone that 's local and has the right expertise .
it 's important to avoid going to someone who 1. does n't have the right expertise or 2. is a fraud .
i 'm so sorry you have to jump through hoops just to get the help that you need and deserve .
this was from friday afternoon so it 's just an early notice .
usually we see more on social media the day before or the morning of as different events get firmed up by the hosting site .
they 're not always events for the public as they might be visiting a trade school using a new transit system or touring a construction site .
he 'll be in new jersey monday but i do n't know whether the two trips will be linked or separate .
fuuuuuckk those hips look so squeezable and fun fun to grab 😍😍😍
and my little cock is rock hard just thinking about it
they wont since dlc weapons dont drop from chests .
might as well open them now to save time .
i hope they realize that stu and them were just messing around .
really hoping for a crossover i think it would be great .
do n't stop your opponent when he is making a mistake .
all we need to do is sit back and watch russia fall apart at the seams .
it 's like a rotting cadaver that 's about to explode from the welling gasses .
title should be dumb cunt argues about a spot she took instead of moving like a decent human being ... also she swears and yells at the spot owner for cursing
my barbarian killed '' a bugbear with a nat 20 nut shot rolled low on a medicine check to make sure it was dead and left it .
he will come back and try to exact his revenge
what if it 's just enough already and i want to get some sleep ?
i take it though that what you would isgn off on is involuntarily committing them without consideration of the real legal and social consequences that come with having that in one 's history keeping a diagnosis that may have no solid basis despite their present statements or behavior nonconsentually force drugging them with the handwaiving you gave above even as it does nothing or if they protest or anything else and again without regard for their wishes or state of mind or how doing so might make things worse and essentially shrugging and blaming them for it all .
i assume also you would absolve the clinicians here of liability for any harms suffered as a result of what is imposed .
congrats you are what 's wrong with the system .
not op but this is my kwain deck and is pretty strong if you need something higher tier https www.moxfield.com/decks/isblljkndkw0euge4ps64q
well the first thing that stands out to me is the complete lack of any evidence at all to support your prescriptive arguments .
i feel like that 's a pretty big one .
i genuinely do not care enough to write a whole essay for you in response though so have this crazy and wacky numbered list instead .
here are just a few things wrong with your video in no particular order
implying that social media propaganda is turning kids queer which feeds into the completely fictitious child grooming narrative being perpetuated by conservative demagogues
perpetuating the myth that lgbtq people are indoctrinating young children when the reality is essentially hey sometimes boys like other boys and girls like other girls and that 's perfectly okay '' or some people are born as one gender but want to live as another and that 's valid '' and that 's the end of it
using statistics to misrepresent what the rise in the amount of lgbtq people means and making the argument that queerness spreads socially
saying that parents are pushing their children into being trans ? ? ? ? ? ?
i 'd like to see you produce a source for that one chief
fearmongering about hormone blockers destroying people 's bodies despite them being reversible
saying that the lgbtq movement is apparently being run by crazy people and therefore republican hatred is justified somehow ?
saying that discussion of trans people takes away from the discussion of intersex people i agree that intersex people are n't very well represented in most discussions but that does n't mean that this is somehow the fault of trans people .
the solution is n't to talk about trans people less it 's to talk about intersex people more
saying that people transition for superficial reasons like wanting likes on instagram or because they wore a dress at age 12 feeding into the myth that trans people are a passing fad especially with the whole social media propaganda bit that you did
claiming that queer people parade with their dongs around '' and get offended when cashiers tell them they forgot to purchase a gallon of milk and call them haters . ''
i actually can not believe you actually said that unironically
arguing that pride parades are inherently sexual and harmful to children somehow by talking about kink and completely disregarding the fact that it 's an extremely rare occurrence and not indicative of the lgbtq community at large
you 're either deliberately spreading misinformation or you 're exceptionally ignorant and have no idea what you 're talking about .
suicide threats i 'm just calling the cops enjoy your 72 hrs and er bill .
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
dropping your weapon for a successful parry sounds like a bad mechanic .
if you want parrying to be a satisfying and rewarding thing then do n't punish people for doing it .
yea but the issue lies in only eating vegan food .
i have no problems with vegan food but if you 're telling me i can only eat vegan food therein lies the problem .
most people ca n't compartmentalize that and mock veganism as a whole
i 'd laugh ... but these are the guys that get angrier and stupider and angrier then they buy a gun and go after their ex and everyone around them .
tho some might write it like how a lot of people write da ' instead of dad .
looks really really cool the closest i 've been to there is crete and that was amazing .
! even in ln volume 15 he literally resurrected most of the soldier of the eastern empire that was killed in the first part of the war .
and charged the empire almost nothing as compensation for the war thought masayuki was made the new emperor because of micheal ! .
so yeah he always tries to get out of troublesome situations by mostly taking a pacifistic way out .
as a hardcore fan of badass protagonists like sung jinwoo anos voldigoad etc .
i 'm not really a fan of that kind of protagonists .
though tensura is one of my favorite anime and i do n't hate rimuru but i 'm not really a fan of his pacifistic personalities .
i 'm not the person you were replying to but i am also looking to build one and reference photos of the mechanism are the main thing i need .
so the new thing is to use our leave ... sucks considering the cases have been rising again .
he did on my post that was deleted op i both used the same clip 🥰
ok. was n't sure if you were going in another direction .
speaking for myself i 'd love to see both characters from wb but also ones outside of it make multiversus truly a place for every character big small obscure collab or not !
since i said i 'd give a character for each response i think one that would be fun to see would honestly be goku .
not only would it fulfill the classic internet debate of goku vs superman but he would have a fun moveset great character interactions and more !
there 's no print numbering on the front we 're going to check the back when we can tomorrow .
you just keep telling me how hateful i 've not said anything bad about one individual there and you keep calling me karen .
he 's right though he showed me an idiot chart and your mom was emitting 5000 idiot radians .
tbf tho a lot of lefty subs were godawful about that too .
i got banned from leftwithoutedge because the day after the draft was leaked someone posted something about how it was n't even a big deal it 's just going back to the states so do n't get hysterical and act like you 're losing rights .
i commented and said that was a fuked up immediate response to tell anyone actually effected by that and immediately got banned .
so the left itself was also kind of bad about it .
theres also still bernie bros who care more about student loans than abortion rights .
the sound doesnt necessarily mean hes zapped and in physical pain though ?
we only know that that is the sound shanks haki makes allegedly .
why does that translate to physical pain and not simply shock ?
the only argument for pain is a maybe sound effect that may or may not be caused by shanks haki haki has a sound effect does that also cause physical pain ?
if so it was never shown or gbs reaction shivering from the precense could be a haki phone connection thing or the sound of gb realising its shanks since many things have random sound effects like someone realised something '' etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/b_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
literally taken over the world..no wonder the brics said enough ... what u think ? ?
it 's definitely harder to keep the pulse of company dynamics while remote .
one of the reason most of the others are nice ones that i still drop by the office with some regularity .
your submission was automatically removed because youtu.be is not an approved site .
please use reddit gfycat or imgur to host images and gifs .
if you are trying to post a youtube video please post an image of a build and then link to the youtube video in the comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/minecraftbuilds if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm pretty sure he meant the rest of what he said .
yooo is that an estes kit in the background ?
have you ever seen the movie despicable me in imax 3d
other than handling and more detailed setups-which i will agree detailed setups are a thing that has been sorely lacking-i could n't disagree with you more .
kerbs are literal death in this game as opposed to 2021 which is actually accurate as it disrupts the ground effect but that does n't make it not true .
graphics have no noticeable improvements unless you count using settings like dlss which looks great until the game crashes .
and the ai aside from absolutely broken straight line speed which makes my team unplayable basically is the embodiment of ayrton senna 's if you no longer go for a gap quote ratcheted up to a million .
in some places it 's illegal to drink in public .
most people know what it is but some parents do n't want their kids drinking in public and this way if the kid asks what 's that person drinking ? the parents can craft a small lie if they so choose .
you 're looking for ones w five beds and no zombies .
you only need two villagers as you breed them once you get them in the box .
i just ordered volumes 5-12 of the invincible ultimate collection a few days ago .
first experience with skyrim was when i went over to a friends house and found i could be a wherewolf .
played through the story and finished the game that week .
one of the best experiences i 've ever had ...
i just hope ukraine can protect them from putin 's missiles .
i was so looking forward to getting my screen protector on my phone replaced this week .
🟣 you have 0 shares previously logged with drsbot .
oh well it 's on the back of her neck so i doubt you 'll be able to see it
rafa has said as much himself that you ca n't really go off their last match as rafa had a fractured rib and was in extreme pain while playing that one .
but i definitely agree that fritz has the possibility of upsetting rafa today if he can serve well and maintain composure .
is he refusing to have him on because he actually does n't like him ... or is it because of what happens to peoples social media when they host him ?
yes it has optional google services that can be enabled or disabled .
there are some proprietary reading applications an optimised chrome browser and an app store but these can be disabled .
i installed a new launcher an open source reader and some other things as well .
you could use this for banking apps if you wished i do n't personally but with google services any picky banking apps should work .
i 'll suggest also follow citrix verstappen/perez on youtube .
they show pedal camera also if to learn from someone about the track learn from them 😅
also think about getting a nice wheel with force feedback high level of immersion will help .
old industry and phone/internet used vast quantitys of copper cabling as did heating systems for piping and immersion tanks .
tech has moved on and now the use of bus and profinet type systems have cut copper requirement .
all the old stuff is being pulled melted and put back into the system whilst demand falls .
it 's a script by kali developers that disguises your xfce desktop to look like windows .
and running that again restores your previous xfce config .
there 's a reason that all of the recent shooters have been known to law enforcement or other agencies .
notice how le have n't had to kill any of them but they just apprehended the shooters ?
always try to clean yourself and him before sexy time .
so the reason you 're having trouble is a bunch of reasons .
i can see you 're thinking of 3d the bending is a nice touch to really sell the effect but if you want to step your texture game up you need to think about value groups and two tone .
not to worry everybody makes these mistakes and they gradually go away with time .
in general i think you 're not getting the results you want because
1. you 're being too rough with all your lines .
make sure your guide lines the first ones you draw are very light .
in general you should not press hard with your pen/pencil unless there is a particuarly dark spot in the image .
i suggest going very light follow the 3d form as if you were touching the object inside the paper but do it very intentionally and carefully .
you 're mostly using two tone either black or white no in betweens .
leaves are almost like a sheet of paper they do n't have a lot of contrast inside them .
even if it has a bit of texture sandpaper for example https static.grainger.com/rp/s/is/image/grainger/447t79_as01 ? hei=536 wid=536 adapimg that texture wont really be described well with hard dark lines spots such as you 're doing .
leaves usually have a soft gradient inside them or generally have a midtone .
think it like this if you looked at an image of a leaf and you had to divide the image in two https twitter.com/vibratixart/status/1419706376180408325 squint your eyes every part of the image either you have to put in darkness or light usually in most kind of light you will have just the silhouette of the leaf the whole leaf will either be a dark silhouette or a light silhouette
because leaves dont have a lot of contrast inside them so painting their very soft texture with a two tone which usually implies a strong contrast will be challenging .
if you look at this image https previews.123rf.com/images/balagur78/balagur781803/balagur78180300048/98724202-green-leaf-isolated-on-white-background-collection-of-leaves-of-forest-and-fruit-trees-herbarium-.jpg and squint you will see lightness in the white background while the leaves will entirely be in darkness .
when you are describing objects such as these with a pen two tone you will get better results with high contrast objects/lighting scenarios such as th https i.natgeofe.com/n/e4d8f8d7-00d8-4e3c-8e87-e4683287ac38/62628_990x742-cb1356038984_4x3.jpg is or this https www.digitalatlasofancientlife.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/leaves_header_hamamelis-2-2000px-1200x675.jpg .
here a pen would work well because there is a very big leap of value between the light and dark spots of the leaf .
when drawing an image in any medium whether it 's pen or paint ask yourself how to divide the image in 2 one will have dark values the other will have light values .
i hope i 've been clear if not here 's an amazing video by marco bucci https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xccj2cu-bfw that explains it better than me .
i imagine you 're going after something like this https t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/83/06/51/360_f_183065130_rpkycmpngvpfipexx7u0m6d8hn8socz5.jpg .
even if it seems like i may be talking about something else trust me the division of light and shadow is fundamental to this style as well .
it sounds like what happens when you have to deal with a lot of people .
i have to check him out on twitch and remember this post in the back of my mind now .
they went for his head not the tires you obviously havent seen the bullet impact holes
trendsetter smartapp but it 's halfway broken right now and will be fully broken once groovy is depreciated for edge unless something replaces it .
i just switched over to home assistant after years with smartthings and it 's definitely a huge learning curve that i 'm still going though but it 's just so much better in every way that it 's hard to even describe .
i should n't have talk or compared lorna shore here ...
there 's so much fucking hate on this sub man..
the metal community needs a place like this sub to talk about our passion because nobody else would listen .
i live in a 20000 citizen town and i think i ca n't count on one hand the people who likes metal music .
at this point i 'm thinking if the pyro archon is tan she probably wo n't be since himeko is n't but still she 'll be the first 4 star archon tan characters ca n't have nice things 💀
i always hated steel resisting psychic just to underpower it .
bug being super-effective against psychic is also nonsensical logic .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
het is maar een klein verschil maar ik kom uit noord-limburg en gebruik heel vaak 'haje ' .
kinda weird how u looked through my post history to find something u could nit pick .
i mean you have a small space but you have to pay a lot to live there .
i do n't think it 's fair to everyone else but i think the rent you pay is a lot more than what you 're paying .
how could that happen that red hair and those tits should get any men instantly hard do you see my bulge ?
this is exactly my opinion and it sucks that they are doing it this way cause i really need new and better music from nmixx before commit to buying anything else .
jype division 4 is on some fuckshit to be honest .
the problem is i will have to buy it anyway cause i fear not being able to buy it later .
18 albums of which 14 are twice/nayeon,2 ive 1 nmixx not counting 2 blind packages from last year 1 taeyeon dahyun photobook candybong z lightstick .
and then i will be watching her grow up and learn how to be a normal person .
there 's a certain kind of normalcy that comes with adulthood and having grown up in the world you know ?
if you were in my position i would be the same way and the world would be a happier place .
yeah taking strength as a dump stat is silly .
presumably a burglar or elf ranger who grew up in the forest would have to have some strength just core rather than the brute strength of a barbarian or fighter .
seems like the automod did n't really get the message ?
the yellow line ca n't stop me because i ca n't read to know the rules
on top of this question must i pay the owing balance in full or can i pay minimum monthly amounts ?
not yet 😂🙈 still in progress🙈 but as soon as i finish it i will post a pic 😉
i still ca n't believe he did n't have sex with at least one of those girls in this anime not watched the movie yet tho so no spoilers
if punk ai n't back by all out then honestly i wish they just stripped him of the title .
same reason as you the fact that you can see every concept of ego in elite players of bl and even irl is terrific
mepet sama end of financial year mungkin jadi mandek dan/atau lebih mendahulukan yang lagi bridging di sini baru pada granted juga
hey fsmb wo n't let me use non us location as address .
kindly let me know what to put in that part
this is exactly what i thought except mine was glass .
they also i guess are stuck in the past so far back that alaska and hawaii are n't even states with that american flag ...
i think it depends on how fast you press the attack button after the reload input .
if you press it straight after you go straight into the sword charge .
i 'm still amazed they actually went through with making one of the episodes be about the ship being too sad to do it 's job .
if they do n't kill you they 'll blackmail you out of it
i did n't like the cloud atlas book at all but rather liked the movie .
aaa sessions people who have authenticated over netscaler can be gateway authentication or aaa authentication different modules !
total connected users actually launched ica connections which got authenticated by netscaler
i think they somehow changed some of these names i remember they had different names in earlier firmware hope i did n't get it mixed up as i am not using 13.1 that much
sorta wan na know the deets on the izakaya !
also this ship was built more than 70 years ago .
i ended up following this guide https youtu.be/t7vkejxs3l0 and i 'm really happy with the results .
diesel near my in nj is worse than premium and i live with 40 miles of huge amazon/warehouse shipping areas..
i know a person who has parked his truck too expensive to hook up a load .
luckily he has money to the side and his wife does descent..
my 1st dog disliked kids and would walk away if they got close .
if you were between 2 and 10 he did n't trust you .
if a kid asked can i pet your dogs we 'd say this one would love some attention but that one is shy .
after a dozen or so interactions like this over several months our first dog saw our 2nd dog 's positive interactions with kids and learned to trust them .
now he hesitates a bit but does walk over to get a few pets .
it 's up to those kids to earn your dog 's trust but if your dog is n't into them oh well .
you ca n't force a dog to like kids any more than you can force 2 humans to be friends .
honestly she could end most sailor moon conflicts in a day
are you entirely certain that you 're a king and not a queen ?
especially when they make other people 's jobs harder for no good reason except their own hang-ups .
i am an awkward ball of nerves and i am quiet because i know i 'm an awkward ball of nerves not because i 'm being snobby .
if i could do that i would just play soldier lol
he has the look of a man who is done '' .
🎶 i was gon na shoot up my class ... before i got high .
i could'a shot ‘em and i could'a dashed ... but i got high uh uh la la da da cause i got high because i got high because i got highhh ... . 🎵😂🤦🏽‍♂️
i do n't know how fakers think we will feel when we discover their deception because it is inevitably discovered .
i 'm unable to let go of my 17 year old .
how can i justify taking her life when she 's still content living it ?
the answer is might beats right you can be upset you can hold your placards you can 'vote them out ' but at the end of the day that does n't really matter when they have infinite time .
vote whoever you want out they will wait they waited 40 years for roe .
stay on this path and learn to deal with this malignant tumour growing in the country
i ca n't say option 2 without getting banned from reddit .
for a perhaps more-apt-than-it-appears example the taliban were a tumour on the side of afghanistan 20 years ago america tried stamping them away and now 20 years later 2.3 trillion dollars 6.5 trillion with interest at least 176,000 dead who runs the country ?
here 's your reason to go on might beats right crawl up in a ball and piss and moan your sorrows away or do something about it .
you 're framing the problem as a conversation between 2 hyper debate nerd redditors giving sources to each other .
the situation is actually 1 absolutely pathetically apathetic toothless word salad political class vs 1 aggressive effective political class beating the first group with a stick .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
yea true i was just goin for a calm fit but appreciate the feed back 👍🏾
if you have lotion ... '' first four word .
i really wished they did and we would be getting a new chapter into marvel .
my 10gb plan with unlimited calling cost me 5/month .
there is no competition on canadian market and there is crtc .
i love the framing of liking blue eyes as a subversive thing
i do n't know how old you are now or how long you 've been addicted but it will probably take a long time and many tries before you start to feel like you 're making progress .
you 'll fail you 'll get back up you 'll go a couple of weeks and think you 're finally free then you 'll convince yourself one little peek wo n't hurt .
and you 'll be right back where you started .
and maybe it 'll take a little while but eventually you 'll realize what 's happened and you 'll start to break free again .
but you 'll make it if you do n't give up !
what i really struggled with for the longest time was having a double mind i wanted so desperately to be free from porn but at the same time i realized i loved it .
i enjoyed watching it i looked forward to it every day after work and would be excited about my friday night binge session .
i 'd always tell myself i was done but come nightfall i 'd always be pulling my laptop out and closing my blinds to hide in my private little world .
what finally set me free from the cycle i think was finding something that repulsed me .
i ca n't think of porn anymore without feeling physically ill .
i wo n't go into detail here because i do n't want to trigger anyone but the last video i ever watched and hopefully ever again made me so horrified and disgusted that it opened my eyes to how corrupted and evil the porn industry is and how it exploits young women for the 'entertainment ' of others and profit .
now whenever i feel the whisper of temptation i just recall the last video i ever watched and how it made me feel and i swear i 'll never do it again because i do n't want to support something that allows it to exist .
i know i can be and am a better man than that and i know you can be too .
it tells me no bootable files found when i try that
⬇️ download links redditsave https redditsave.com/info ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/fuckdoll/comments/vt7yey/let_me_be_your_little_fuckdoll ? ref=jotc redd.tube https redd.tube ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/fuckdoll/comments/vt7yey/let_me_be_your_little_fuckdoll for this post .
remember to follow all our rules and report rule breaking stuff .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fuckdoll if you have any questions or concerns .
i have been reading since the update a few people have been having visual bugs on the main screen .
r/camgirlshelp a subreddit dedicated to camgirls and their fans .
r/xlove a cozy subreddit about xlovecam models and their customers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/camgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's just the only specific symbol we 're taught to associate with nazis is the swastika .
its that one sweat-tier player that will flame you for messing something up when youre new .
thats the problem with any game where one persons mistake is devastating for the whole group
this has been my main trigger since i was 11 and i am now 45 .
i could hear my mom hissing across the house .
the sharp s 's literally feel like an ice pick to my brain and more and more women try to speak with the hissing s these days .
you need a box fan for home and music to drown out the sound .
always keep ear plugs or ear buds on you .
it fucking sucks so bad but i 've managed to live with this for 34 years .
i 'm going to try a ganglion stellate block shot to the neck once i have a spare 3k .
he and sebastian in harrow faire are my book boyfriends for sure .
the male gaze ogles women and the female gaze ogles men
i would probably buy that for 14 because i 'm a sucker for cc
that 's what i enjoyed about i actually the nonsensical comedy that comes along with it and the writing is easy to digest .
i got bad news sitting on your ass and mailing your rep are about the same effectively lmao .
i started in 2017.. so i missed out on those days
the main mission is basically to finish the tech tree .
progressing through the tech tree and researching new technologies requires more and more energy as you go along hence building the dyson spheres .
maybe green darkness by anya seton lady of hay by barbara erskine and/or doomsday book by connie willis which all have female characters that time travel or are reincarnations of earlier eras so they have a bit of fantastic element
i need to know for real and im not watching the fucking movie to find out .
does anybody in the entire god damn movie at any motherfucjking point say morbing '' or its morbin ' time ! ''
this meme is going so far i cant tell whats real anymore .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
there are some guys who will never lose value !
i live in ohio usa so at this moment i 'm glad i pretty much could n't be farther from new zealand !
so my last vehicle had them and i actually used them quite a bit .
my now vehicle does not and i dont miss it now but i 'm sure come winter i 'll want it .
but i also know it 's not a necessity and i would n't pau for it after i 've already paid for the fucking car .
it causes problems with brain development or causes our pineal gland to stop working which is what we probably use to understand eachother ... like youll notice that everyone thinks that they are grammar man ?
allerdings kann man auch sagen wenn man einen gesehen hat reicht es um zu wissen ob es was für einen ist .
auf der anderen seite ist man wahrscheinlich angefixt und schaut alle .
it is hard to paper over the inconsistencies in the long run for those that can think for themselves .
is it not obviously because you called them idiots ?
that would be enough to qualify as abusive and allow them to remove it maybe even ban you even if the real reason is actually that they disagree with you .
will be living in my head rent free for the duration of my day .
a young jerry lynn no more than 8 years old here .
not a problem for me i 'm one of those guys which it does n't feel that good and i have had few participants that got only a sore jaw
100 prosperity the only reason for people to play extra is in addition to prosperity but not necessary with maxx c or in the tcg prosperities are ludicrously expensive .
i agree with you but also want to acknowledge no-one in the all blacks is in a place to cast aspersions when it comes to haircuts
ca n't remember when i got mine in my 30s now shhhhh but my eldest is 13 so you made me wonder why they had n't got theirs so i just looked it up .
mais c'est fini alors ça dépend de la probabilité de chaque tirage .
on sait qu'en augmentant le nombre de tirage on augmente la probabilité d'obtenir un résultat particulier mais ça ne signifie pas forcément que nos chances deviennent significatives .
si tu fais 10^99 tirages mais que la probabilité d'un événement est de 1 10^10^99 alors il reste très peu de chances que cet événement se réalise .
c'est pourquoi tant qu'on a pas accès à une estimation de cette proba le nombre de tirage ne nous aide pas .
i think you hit the nail on the head with that one ... i never thought about if his parents might have something to do with it .
he 's the youngest of 3 to what i 'd describe as a polish power mom '' strict upbringing with little to no acknowledgment of achievements and never really good enough no proud of you '' s etc ... but thank you i 'll look into it .
it only helps if you know someone in purchasing or know someone in the family/owner of who you 're selling too
my echo show from last prime day does this differently .
so try this.. swipe down on the echo show screen .
click settings click bluetooth find your speaker click your speaker .
you do not use the app to pair my echo show 5 .
sɛnˈtɔːrəs noun latin genitive centauri sɛnˈtɔːraɪ a conspicuous extensive constellation in the s hemisphere close to the southern cross that contains two first magnitude stars alpha centauri and beta centauri and the globular cluster omega centaurialso called the centaur .
yeah i guess fuck the star symbol that is already deeply ingrained in our culture .
he agreed to defer his wages if he wants them he can simply refuse to sign for united which he is doing .
oh well i have a mac so ca n't really play it but yeah all i can do is watch the tournaments and die outta envy
ca n't wait till it zooms in on gods face .
i qgre i just think defencmsive mon die too fast and do like too little is really sad seeing a mamo or a snorlax just getting killed very fast by any special attacker with no chance of fight back
ever heard of the straw that broke the camel 's back '' ?
the pressure abit '' is the last straw but what about everything else below that last straw ?
alleviate the root cause of the problem then you can add more straw .
after bottas spun in front of the mclaren garage in austria 2021 and their fury aimed at mercedes i doubt mclaren is anything to mercedes least of all no bloody a b c or d .
op clearly has some money behind them or some kind of significant passive earnings .
hi there all comments summoning u/savevideo have been removed to prevent spam so please refer to the following link to download your video
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/guacamole_penis if you have any questions or concerns .
1 of your last 2 comments c submissions s have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
i can agree that the government should err on the side of granting time while also thinking they 've got a point about deficiencies in the motion .
but it 's not 'erring on the side ' it 's clear that the motion should be granted .
it 's very difficult to get outraged over this when labour have a clear and obvious route if they actually want the motion taken .
again the government should have absolutely no say in how the motion is worded so long as it meets the conditions in erskine may which it does .
if you 're not outraged about the government essentially censoring a confidence vote then that 's your prerogative .
labour have worded the motion as they have because they believe it has the best chance of passing and because they want tory mps to explicitly say they have confidence in the government as it stands led by boris johnson .
it 's a hell of a time but it 's also fucking hell at times .
shit can turn from you lighting a cig and bullshittin with your boys to the single most fucked moment in your life then back to baseline where youre crackin jokes about that worst moment and other morbid shit before your cig is out .
it 's a racket that fucks you up either way trust me .
florida reports on everything and it 's usually a bunch of weird shit
if the guys could read they would be very upset now .
damn these are so cool never knew i needed these
usually means they want a basic pint of ale no flavours and shit .
if they do n't well that 's their fucking problem i ask for payment first !
i put vitamin e oil on it but that 's as close as i can get to massaging '' it 🤢
im not sure if that means only permit holders can park there between those times or if non permit holders can ?
i think they make these signs purpousley ambiguous so that they can ticket you .
starting in lower leagues with worse experience is n't more difficult it 's just a slower pace .
the real problem is that the ai in the game is bad at every level .
it cant scout players cant sign players cant build a tactic cant rotate players cant develop players cant build training schedules cant balance finances ect .
thus the longer you play the worse the opposition gets .
it might take a lot of time to get from vanorama north to the prem but by the time you get there the opposition is in shambles .
the biggest obstacle imo is the slow build up of reputation but that 's not difficulty just an artifical brake to slow you down
oko thief of crowns https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/3/4/3462a3d0-5552-49fa-9eb7-100960c55891.jpg ? 1650599698 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=oko 2c 20thief 20of 20crowns sf https scryfall.com/card/eld/197/oko-thief-of-crowns ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/3462a3d0-5552-49fa-9eb7-100960c55891 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
thief of sanity https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/8/e/8ed314c7-1a8a-44b2-84c0-604a087d0e02.jpg ? 1650423814 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=thief 20of 20sanity sf https scryfall.com/card/ncc/354/thief-of-sanity ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/8ed314c7-1a8a-44b2-84c0-604a087d0e02 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
varies i started on a project the first day after onboarding some people it was over 3 months australia
internal cv also varies if you 're applying through hr they 'll want an internal cv but if it 's someone you 've been introduced to they 'll probably just want to talk to you though sometimes clients want your cv
i 'm going to sue ford because i got into a wreck with a f150 .
that governor needs to be shot by a winchester bullet so winchester can sue that governors family for being complete morons .
hey i 'm in london this month from seattle !
just curious any notable differences between the london and ny hamilton shows ?
you have to take 9 credits per term so 9 in the fall 9 in the winter to be considered a full time student
aggregator twitter accounts or websites are not allowed on r/soccer .
please link to the original source for news stories and quotes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccer if you have any questions or concerns .
i watched the og animated transformers movie so much !
i managed to get an absolutely massive comic collection at a yard sale as a kid for 5¢ in the early 90s lady did n't know what she had .
x-men particularly a holographic wolverine comic were my favorite .
then my father got a new family we got shoved out and all our stuff was purged .
uncontrollable eye twitches thinking of what was in there !
nice character and tc 's say maybe he can do awesome shit .
99 of all humans everywhere are complete morons and always have been .
same he literally older then every other ninja we see he was old enough to be a adult when hashirama was alive he probably knows things we have n't got details on
lmaoo i ca n't stop laughing at it 🤣 like what ?
on top of that there 's plenty of people here that never even used linux before .
i have only a handful of times before i got my deck .
i 'm more adventurous i have run commands but not everyone has the patience and confidence .
google is plenty of link to sites that tell you how to do it when you query how to format an sd on steam deck '' copyaste a command in the terminal and job done .
when you learned in the past huow to use windows you learn it the same way .
and here in is where the conflict actually arises .
most behaviour discussed is n't real harassment or griefing .
it 's someone blowing something up coz they are bored .
not really i have fun by grinding auec or exploring new features each patch .
but drawing real life parallels and calling people lonely ?
and you wonder why pirates say traders cry like babies .
atleast for me i do n't think so the map has some good zones to train the starting room is amazing the chrysalax is fun to use and the easter egg is friendly and easy to remember .
also i did love the campaign mission so the map is a total w
so what you 're basically saying is people like to oversimplify men 's issues ?
look he once admitted that the channel was his ego trips and most if not everything of what he says will not happen .
once you ingrain that in your mind his channel is like a adult swim show about shitty geopolitics .
ca n't wait to toss trudmeet to history 's recycle bin the way ontario got enough of mcgwynnty and decimated the ontario liberal party to a non party status .
my ps5 is brand new my ark is updated and it 's even in the console storage lol it should be running perfectly
if you look at my post from yesterday there 's a pillow that i made out of a mandala placemat pattern .
and i made it with big twist but in peacock .
more like genre sucks because song from right now is n't as good as even the most mediocre song from the past
we require a minimum account-age and karma for commenting on our subreddit .
this is to ensure that we can filter spam and dummy/burner accounts from creating any situations .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankinindia if you have any questions or concerns .
i was recently diagnosed by a psychologist and i have an appointment with a psychiatrist this week to discuss meds .
i 've had anxiety and panic attacks for decades and i 'm reluctant to take meds .
i 've completely given up caffeine and even a little causes me anxiety epinephrine and steroids also set off the anxiety .
i 'm scared of adhd meds but i 'd really something to help .
hearing that caffeine and the meds affect you different gives me hope .
kyrgios ' box is just highly unimpressed with being berated all the time haha
yes but i 'm wondering if i deliver the cells to the collector hence they are saved upon visit or if i carry the cells with me even after i visited the collector
ehh ... yeah and their user name is xannycodone lmao but ... still .
you never know what kind of person is behind the screen is my point .
in order to make r/selfie a better community we require a minimum account age and/or karma before you are allowed to post and currently your account does not meet one or both of those limits .
while we do not post the requirements these minimums will be waived if you post a verification photo .
a verification photo is simply a selfie with you holding a piece of paper that includes your u/nikkireyxx r/selfie and today 's date .
more information can be found in our rules and verification wiki pages
nor should you delete this post if you are planning to submit a verification photo .
once you submit a verification photo on r/selfie and are approved moderators will release your earlier submissions .
while we apologize for any inconvenience we thank you for posting on r/selfie and appreciate your understanding .
we look forward to seeing you join our community .
please note our account age and karma standards are subject to change so even if you have posted here before at the time of this post you do not meet the current standard .
if you want to ensure you will always be able to post on r/selfie no matter what the minimums are set to you should post a verification photo .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sure a cat made that post and managed to blame the dog
i try my best but what an absolute embarrassment cant go 1 point without complaining
we are working to get our submitters verified and we have determined
your account is brand new or you are not verified .
your content has been removed until this is resolved .
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateurasiangirls if you have any questions or concerns .
good idea for the drop it should be a like 5 chance for it to drop from supiorior but then buff the stats cause the this looks like something easily replaceable .
the ability should also be when you throw the eye if it 's at a zealot the have a buffed chance to drop an eye .
also another way to obtain the item is that craft you showed and the way you get it is a 0.5 chance to get from a zealot .
it would attract partners even better if you do this application process '' in a suitable setting like a night club .
alongoat once again delivering results even when the car/team fuck up .
and now he could get a penalty what a yoke every time he has this great performances he gets fucked .
and ocon again behind all weekend ends up in front ...
until the leak i always thought they were n't going to explicitly overturn rvw .
they 'd keep chipping away at it 2 months then 1 month then 2 weeks to see as far as they could get but since abortions are technically still allowed they could get away with saying roe v wade still exists .
you ca n't have an abortion after 8 weeks '' but voted to keep roe in place .
the other conservative justices are sledgehammers and the sledgehammers are in control .
obviously parts of the party hated him or were ambivalent but he survived long enough to lose 2 ges .
but i have no confidence in their confidence if you get what you mean
no but i would love to try to stuff my whole cock inside your little pussy ! ! ! !
i 'm gon na stretch you out a bit ...
i spit in the faces of people that bought 1650s for 300
and the us is managing to effect this decimation of ruzzia without the sacrifice of a single american soldier .
congrats to mercedes the reliability of their cars this season has enable them to seize any opportunity at the expense of their rivals dnf
i 'd love to have some fun i could play all day🤤🤤🤤
thank for your submission on r/thethiccness for all degrees of thiccness .
r/chubbygirlsgw a body positive sub for chubby girls and those that love them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thethiccness if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't like him i feel like he 's only making content about these games to milk them .
look at the difference between the american office and the english office .
popular american comedies generally are n't as dry or miserable as english ones are programs like inside number 9 and brass eye are n't popular in america for similar reasons although if you like dhmis you 'll love these shows .
that being said im aware many americans will like the program but its probably not a great financial idea for an american channel to broadcast it .
the idea of owning shib is to make money not burn throw away or buy dog art scams .
the kids focus on childish dog art and other foolishness rather than making money on shib being cyclical .
if you had been following the whales and invested 1k in shib early last year at 5 zeros 7 sold in oct at 4 zeros 8 you would have held 11k in your shib wallet .
if you bought back in a few weeks ago at 5 zeros 7 and now wait for shib to rise again to 4 zeros 7 or 8 then sell it will be worth 121k .
stop looking at the kid stuff be a serious investor by following the whales and make money on shib .
it 's ridiculous and embarrassing so many young investors ca n't do the simple math .
i agree with another comment about the bass could be a little more up front .
this is like that meme with the girl in front of the burning home .
i do n't call anyone nor do i talk .
i casually hop on the game and laugh the pain away with the boys
depending how you look at it it might have two legs on the left and one on the right or two on the right and one on the left or if you look at it just right with one eye closed there 's one left one right and one middle .
that 's what practically everyone in this cw thread including marx is doing .
but turn that table on its side and you 'll see a triangle in two dimensions .
the three legs are hierarchy collective and market the three types of social contracts .
none are inherently good bad or free from problems .
all three are fascinating in their own ways with alleyways of thought to explore and expound upon .
the obvious thing to do is use all three legs to make a stable table but people get so caught up in trying to make a one-legged table and destroying the other two legs all the tables keep falling over .
ironically i 've noticed some of the weirdest and dumbest people me included come out of the bsb
how are the flies getting in if you only have false windows ?
looks like your comment or post contained a form of communication not suited for this sub social media instant messaging reddit chat texting etc .
you can check the sidebar for a more appropriate subreddit if you 're not interested in long-form communication .
if you feel your post was removed incorrectly please contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpenpals .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/penpals if you have any questions or concerns .
this subreddit is a writing workshop community a place where poets of all skill levels can share enjoy and talk about each other 's poetry .
every person who 's shared including the op above has given some feedback those are the links in the post and hopes to receive some in return from you the readers .
if you really enjoyed this poem and just want to drop a quick comment to show some appreciation or give kudos things like great job ! ''
or made me cry '' or loved it '' or so relateable '' please do .
thanks for taking the time to read and enjoy .
if you want to share your own poem you 'll need to give this writer some detailed feedback .
good feedback explains from your point of view what it was like to read the poem and then tries to explain how the poem made you feel like that .
if you 're not sure what that means check out our feedback guide https new.reddit.com/r/ocpoetry/wiki/feedbackcritiques or look through the comment sections of any other post here or click the links to the author 's feedback above .
if you 're not sure whether your comments are feedback or you have any other questions please send us a modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ocpoetry if you have any questions or concerns .
i make porn on the reg i 'm used to being fap material lmao
i hate that i read this while laying naked in bed getting ready to sleep ...
yeah the dumbass is using our state money for frivolous lawsuits against public schools .
missouri school districts who are near the bottom of the barrel in the us for funds .
like they should use their resources to fight lawsuits instead of helping students .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
for context the said family member is my 60 year old grandmother who has a very specific my way or the highway mindset but she also has an addiction to going out sometimes with me and my siblings on weekends regardless if we want to go or not or if she goes by herself at night on weekdays when my parents are home from work in specific gambling regardless of what anyone tells her .
everyone has tried to tell her it 's not worth it and she needs help including my family members who used to repair the specific machines that she gambles on and even with their explanation on how you never truely win in gambling she never listens .
now i 15nb and my family have been living with her most of our lives however we have decided to move and not take my grandparents with us and she 's been stressed on how her and my grandpa are going to be able to afford their rent due to my grandfather being the only one who works .
she was talking to me about how worried she is and i decided to say if you stopped going out as much just to smoke two packets of cigarettes drink bottles on top of bottles of wine and gamble you 'd have more money she looked at me shocked and goes i do n't do those things often and tries to manipulate me into believing she 's right and that she just has a low income which is n't true it 's actually decent for our area and the amount of people were looking after .
i decided i had enough and mentioned that she gambles not just when she goes out but also through lottery tickets and those little tickets you scratch to win money scratchies as most people i know call them and how my brother 8 and sister 11 is addicted to those scratchies and lottery tickets due to her bad habits she looked at me in disbelief and calls me an ah for saying what i said .
my other family say i was right but we were so close to moving i should 've just kept the peace in the meantime hut i think she needed to have truth told to her .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
no way it was rude to ask for cashmere and he did lend george a swearer
i ca n't tell if sarcastic but yea this is what you do when you have fires and it can help .
this submission must be reposted because all posts must be exactly titled hmmm '' .
if you uploaded this to reddit deleting this post will also kill the image link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hmmm if you have any questions or concerns .
government did n't do shit so a lot of citizens are taking things into their hands .
around 20 russians were 'gently ' asked to move out of our neighborhood and almost all of them did .
rent dropped intantly and some nice georgian atudent moved in their place everyone was happy
normal is what is established by outside rh levels and temps vs the energy efficiency of the structure and correct design of the hvac system
lol ... .because i know few xrs who pay for cable still
yeah still i mean every now and again he 'd see naruto .
he could have taken like a few hours off to see his family .
but maybe it would be too hard for him to leave afterward ... who knows .
gosh maybe the folks who still believe jacob wohl are n't the best source out there .
as a cardiologist i 'm going to go ahead and press x to doubt on the heart attack claims .
if season 1 was a template i expect maybe like 6 new weapons ... in the game 's entire life cycle .
i think i 'm gon na save it i put by it in my storage so i do n't have to see it and be tempted by it lol ha
redditor i used this shampoo and my hair is now so dry and itchy .
commenter you 're obviously lying shampoo does n't make your hair dry you 're doing it for the karma .
i went through your comment history and in 2012 you said you had shaved all your hair off and now you want us to believe you use shampoo .
commenter 2 and in 2014 they said they lost their job .
guess you will have to look and find out 😘
the ability to control my own gravity as well as the gravity of things i touch
oh wel my bad i guess for not knowing that .
doesnt sound fun to pay that amount for a pokemon game or a game just in general .
had jci once from the pasadena location and it was okay like nothing too special .
lebrons been ridiculously out of touch with reality since he left cleveland ... oh !
although he could be lying when he says this .
lindon did n't consume a remnant lindon did n't get a gold sign ...
he got a weird path effect when using madra .
his silent king halo eyes arguably are a goldsign monarch sign .
straight penetration for 3hr toh woh kya uska baap bhi na kr paye chaiye phir supplement leke he kyu na kre woh .
20 min is enough 30_40 min krne me halat tight ho jati hai .
bro why does it say i do n't have permission to go to the website ? ?
its a plausible theory only that i do n't see korn as the feelings type .
i do n't see him as someone who would compete over love with gun who is impulsive and a tad bit emotional .
also if he were into namphuenge i do n't see him as the type to let her go and start a family of her own when he has the power in his hand and could get rid of pat easily .
ofc i would not put it past korn to use namphuenge who is gun 's object of affection against gun to get an upper hand .
i also think he would favor kinn over kim .
kim is quite independent and is not easy to influence even if korn is his own father .
whenever kinn has a problem we see him go to korn and discuss .
most of the time kinn goes along with whatever korn wants .
thus kinn being leader of the major family would ensure it all being at korn 's disposal .
also kim has no ambition towards the power that the main family brings .
kim being the sceptical person that he is also finds his father sus .
i would not be surprised if its kim who draws the curtains over all of korn 's schemes to protect his brothers and their loved ones .
i also think korn allowing kinn and porsche to be together is more like him eliminating porsche as a probable obstacle in kinn 's path .
i would like to see how korn ends up regretting this one .
the argument for trans women is that they are mentally the same as cis women .
i have heard that brain waves and personality tests are the science that backs it .
i 'm not making the argument that tells them they ca n't identify how they want i 'm saying there is obvious and observable physical differences that do n't present any semblance of an even playing field .
the men 's division is usually just called men's but has always been the open division .
women 's division was created because of the extreme disparity between men and women athletically .
serena williams as great as she is would n't break the top 200 in the men 's division and she is the best woman tennis player ever .
the us women 's soccer team lost a scrimmage to a high school soccer team not even college and was n't an all star team .
when trans activist push for trans women to be in women 's sports they are doing exactly what jk rowling is always tweeting about erasing women 's spaces .
they literally eat the heart and flesh of those they kill ...
i 'm pretty sure they do n't care what they do to their own
you mean like a marriage certificate which give security to both parties who are entering into a contract .
to have and to hold from this day forward for better for worse for richer for poorer in sickness and in health to love and to cherish till death us do part ''
if you do n't agree with the principles of marriage then do n't get married .
anything to avoid having a serious discussion about a sensitive subject though !
for the privilege to pay us 100 more in a week
i know it probably was n't supposed to be an innuendo but that 's definitely how i took it
given the option between something that 's free or something you have to pay for people will almost always choose the free one if they 're aware it 's an option .
most people were not aware of am2r unless they were already a metroid fan .
if they were i 'd be willing to bet they would not have bought sr and instead played am2r .
as it presently stands am2r means nothing because both sr and dread were successful but if another fan game decides to pop up then you can bet i 'll be against it to .
call it whatever you like but i totally support an artist projecting their intellectual property because they 've invested so much time and money into it and if that 's not something you understand then i ca n't help you .
here is my video ... https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wchdtkhav\_q https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wchdtkhav_q
we have earwigs that look a lot different so i was n't sure .
in a normal car you should always put your seat or its back in such a position that it 's impossible to lock your arms when you push yourself back from the steering wheel in a crash .
you will do it instinctively so you have to make it impossible .
i guess that since that car has racing chairs that ca n't be pushed to the front he 's just fucked .
... the only other thing on my mind was censor the lgbt characters '' but i thought that would have been too meta
so there is a difference between like a dad bod and a beer gut imo i obviously do n't write the dictionary i love a dad bod i love a strong body i 'm good with some layers over your muscles .
i do n't need six pack abs if that makes sense ?
☺️ i accept them but that 's not what i 'm looking for in a guy .
being in shape enough to play a coed sport go on a hike have sex ride a bike is sufficient .
i am not working towards becoming a marathoner 😆 you probably do n't need that stamina either .
i just wan na stick my semi related input here .
i agree that games feel like a job and that to me makes them way too simple .
how little mystery and wonder you can find in the created worlds .
i use to get reeeeal stressed about time gated events .
now when i find games that have those i generally just stop playing them .
i got burnt out of fomo to the point i no longer want to partake .
thanks for hearing my input sorry to hear games are sucking for you as well .
they use to have so much love poured into them .
man me and my brothers used to put them in the most random places 😂 if you did n't have the threat detector active with proxies out it was like a hidden minefield lol
however even though i enjoy it ultra hots still make me hiccup tear up and leak out of my nose .
doing it in public is a no go for me
i might just bite the bullet and get it developed—at least i know better now .
you may lack the ability to properly court someone .
a straight salary cap would be fairly ineffective in solving the wealth inequality problem .
there is no reason to think that just because the ceo salary is capped that the extra money would go to the workers .
i think a better option would be to establish limits for total compensation as it relates to the lowest paid worker .
ie the highest paid employee ceo can not make more than 100 times or some other fairly determined number than the company 's lowest paid employee where pay is total compensation .
there would obviously need to be a lot of careful thought put into this system but it at least attempts to incentivize increasing the compensation for the worker-level employees .
well it is cuz those levels came from me having 60 more cs than kindred .
we both had similarish kda 12/7/8 vs 10/4/9 but i was way ahead because he spent the whole early game doing random ass ganks while i just prioritized clearing and taking his camps when he showed on the map .
so my mid laner all game felt like i was doing nothing because i was n't doing random ass ganks or skirmishes but then i popped off late game and got all the objectives
yes social transition includes anything that 's not surgery .
and not just changes to your appearance but also things like maybe choosing a new name and changing your pronouns .
i just watched a 30 minute talking about spongebob dvds and the quality of them .
now i kinda want to get them i do n't even have a dvd player outside of an xbox and ps4
but does it communicate well and is a self starter ?
nebraska feeling slighted in the north plus their decline as a football power .
i feel similar in that i vastly prefer finding my own gear as opposed to buying it from the market but having it set up this way creates an economy where everyone is involved with each other in a more organic mmo type way instead of it being more of a ssf arpg with other people around .
even in a game like poe most of my upgrades past a certain point would come from grinding currency and then buying them outright because crafting things yourself is a rich mans game .
i bet ya ic probably makes a higher commission per gallon for referring us then the shopper ends up getting after the first month .
another shopper perk '' i just remembered about was when i first started last year
some sort of discount on certain services and retail stores .
anyways the access code they e-mailed to me that was required to sign up just never worked .
not something i 'm upset about either but just makes me laugh .
great song but not rock and roll by any stretch .
yeah theyy were mostly running into teams who are n't sitting back and are just getting to run away and nobody is looking to 3p .
the more sharks there are for kills the more they will get partied and it stops being as effective
that would also explain why the band has n't even said anything on social media about it
altho i do n't wan na buy outside the usa
could n't trump just be pardoned by desantis when he inevitably wins the next election ?
right i do n't need but i want a taller shoe .
something to wear while i rehab from some small tears in my achilles tendon .
orthopedic surgeon says i need to stretch calf and hamstring .
these plastic black covers will be easily removed and replaced by fender flares without modifying the body .
the temporary group temporary if we can help them can be helped and it is our duty to help them with housing and economic assistance .
but we need to stop wasting those types of services on group two .
it punished group one is expensive and does n't address the problem .
on institutions ... yeah i 'm not sure what else can be done .
there were many evils of the institutions of old but open air asylums seem even worse .
ever check to see who the author of that book was ?
because there 's a really good chance those books were written by your professor .
in addition to the great answers already given these may be useful also .
1 if it is a bit awkward to measure just one pitch measure say 5 pitches and divide by five .
this can be more accurate for finding one pitch .
2 do n't take as read '' the thread before considering the root radius as well .
check against thread charts to establish final criteria is correct .
some military threads have specifically larger root rads than standard threads
what helped me is 1 figure out when to use a wirebug to avoid an attack 2 dont always use a wirebug when you get hit since you can get hit again in the air 3 sometimes after you get hit just lay on the ground for the iframes you have a few iframes when you get knocked on your ass and getting up might get you carted .
monster combos can be an instant cart if you avoid it incorrectly
i think i know why it happened but i 'm still fucking gutted and have been nauseous about it all day .
remember to only use conditioner in the ends of your hair
i ca n't emphasize strongly enough how you are absolutely not the a ! !
but your sister-in-law is certainly a self-centered piece of work .
of course you were correct to ignore her ridiculous demand for a gift for herself .
she was a horrible human being for not letting her daughter enjoy opening her own presents .
but then to attack what you got her daughter ?
to belittle the gift because you did n't make the buttons or spin the wool is some of the stupidest stuff i 've ever heard of .
you were right to leave and to take the gifts with you .
you can give them to your nice when it 's just the two of you .
if i were you i would have a nice little birthday dinner with her and let her open her gifts it had the whole experience .
my doc never brought up my age at early 30 .
only asked how long i was looking to get it .
which i said since i was old enough to know what it was .
the monsters technically do n't have genders but some have more feminine qualities
knowledge of good and evil came at the fall of man in the garden of eden and that was after we were created .
with their 2 fee if they spent 100m building it are they expecting us to buy 50b of nft stuff ?
yepp we had a man walking along the highway and his body got dragged about the length of a football field if not more and they shut the road down to collect his bits and pieces for dna but left everything else for the rain to take care of .
here they only really throw sand on oil spills and call it a day
only if they listen to jay-z while they do it
i signed up for nextdoor a while ago and forgot about it .
recently started receiving email notifications again so i logged in to update notifications settings .
second post i see is something like our city is not dead !
cause naruto had a crush on sakura not actual love
he is subject to increased polarization just like any other candidate .
i think this is likely most of it trump won iowa by about 8 points in 2020 .
if split-ticket voting is disappearing then we 'd expect most gop candidates in iowa statewide races to win by a similar margin .
we have n't gotten new bounty 's in a year i just want see big number
whenever i see that sub along with the several posts like the little games tagged ones on the main sub it reminds me of that south park episode where the mormons are having the time of their lives playing dorky board games in heaven .
lol imagine stringing along someone until a 2nd date for a major dealbreaker that was easily communicated beforehand
i mean it sounds like you just visited for a while .
all the problems are being termed late stage capitalism '' .
which is nonsense given capitalism has served fine for 250-300 odd years and in actuality all data shows we are moving leftward economically each decade .
when he fell off the chair ... that 's how i split my eyebrow and got stitches ... mind you i was doing nangs with xans .
that 's been the consensus among all the serious '' music critics and fans for a long long time .
people have long repeated the myth that it was phil 's fault '' that genesis turned pop while peter gabriel went on the release the prog classic sledgehammer and mike rutherford kept the prog flame alive with mike and the mechanics .
that 's in fact how i used to think when i was in my early 20 's .
the cars mostly are rentals business vehicles or loaners from dealerships .
a majority of those out of state plates you see are rentals and there are a shit load of them driving around with dealer plates .
i 'm sure the rental companies and car dealers alike worship these morons for the amount of business they bring in .
i work in the texas medical center at a major hospital and for some reason we do n't have lift devices in the rooms .
not ugly for sure but look really young like 12 or 13 y.o .
i show below the nose example post https www.reddit.com/r/findom/comments/sdf3j4/looks_like_you_have_a_case_of_shrimpdickitis_i ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share
aside from sexsells extensive verification i am also verified on several sites such as iwc and sextpanther that require id .
i only offer the kinks i personally find enjoyment in .
i do not offer anything vanilla no joi no mutual masturbation or homewrecking .
i am a humiliatrix and all of my sessions are heavily humiliation based .
we will be a good match if you enjoy sissification cuckolding humiliation cbt forced bi anal training feminization blackmail rp forced intox or findom
a great option for submissives who want to get to know their domina better and delve deeper into their fantasies throughout the day a relaxed but more communication intensive longer term servitude rather than the one off of sessions .
my kik sessions are all live video clip sessions or text only .
this is the most polite form of terrorism i 've ever seen ... at least if the website is real it 's owned by someone i think a police officer might have a chat with ... 😅
i 'm so used to these stories not going well on reddit .
awesome i definitely want to get a bunch of them .
just like guns what do you expect happens when everyone can just get nukes ?
i found one on ebay unopened for about 280 quid .
very happy with it despite its mammoth size compared to my s7 .
as someone who lives off route 22 in union i have to say this is the best comment i 've seen on the internet this year .
had a rough 10 years in the middle but the first three were fun and the most recent 3 have been good .
trying to get an internship at a bank but lack the connections .
very good academic record and decent work exepereince to get an internship but need some connections .
as opposed to needing to unfuck russian meddling in all us policies by having full control of a party that is guaranteed to be in power at least every 8 years and can block any change the rest of the time ?
he could n't fit so they just stuffed him wherever they could
i will look into it and try to have first hand experience to see it irl .
i do n't mind the pay 2 win '' part just the amounts are really high and you get little in return and they do n't even have all the talents introduced yet .
some people will side with the white person the first chance they get like ... no the white person is not having it as hard as the black person trust me
this is about my friend group not about drag race but i guess it could apply too
also if booking.com wo n't accept your review the hotel can do nothing about the review on google
there is one named beheraoj or something they 're also same .
i 'd love to watch her wipe cum from the corner of her lips and lick her finger clean .
they 've done pretty well keeping away from revisionist history but the last time i was there was also before covid hit .
idk why tanya somrhow manages to look more hideous than mileena here
you can see lot of coins are like this on kucoin right now since most coins just follow the flow of bitcoin aswell
i 've heard really good things about the fuzz in it .
the right outsole looks a little grey on the outside outline but that 's super nitpicky
replayed latrell shoving addo-carr on his ass about 15 times
consider that a car cover in an environment where it 's exposed to wind will damage the paint over time from movement .
additionally grains of quartz and other rock can get trapped beneath it and act like sandpaper .
yeah he has fooled us again lmao it 's funny at this point
you ca n't talk about featherless bipeds here but you can on our discord servers !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/philosophymemes if you have any questions or concerns .
in india people are ruthless in cheating exploiting robbing introverts so stop interacting with them and do not allow them to misuse your name
that 's air passing through that you hear and what 's causing the fluttering .
as soon as i disconnect that from the pc detection works correctly .
so if you have one connected via hdmi try unplugging that and see if that helps .
the blast radius of a grenade is always 1 feet bigger then your jump radius
last time i took environmental geography at school i remember learning that that area of the sahara is on basically a 20,000 year cycle between grassland and desert and a lot of it correlates to changes in the african monsoon cycle so it 's entirely possible where in the midst of one of those changes toward desert but since geological timelines are so long we tend to notice only about a hundred years at a time .
this area has been turning into desert and that desert has been spreading quite a long time now .
from the last time i tried the culprits were likely wayland and using the open amd drivers .
but people have gotten it working on the open drivers .
free does n't have a decent bit of the features or codecs that require nvidia cards .
did n't help that the errors i was getting on amd cards were n't great hints at what 's going on .
they did seem to confirm it was issues with talking to the gpu each time .
if i remember right while starting it finds the gpu just fine but instead of setting that as the card to be used it selected a non-existent card as what it 's going to use .
up until it makes that gpu swap it 's loading stuff in the splash screen like normal but after the swap it freezes entirely .
there 's actually a few 40 page bmd forum thread and plenty of separate threads about installation issues on various linux distros and setups .
sadly amd gpus are a hot topic in that for sure .
if i were in the us and that would have happened to me i would tell the doctor to go fuck off .
our local b m has this rule and similar disciplinaries threatened .
there 's no aircon or windows it gets so hot consistently throughout summer that all of the chocolate on the shelves is liquid for around 3 months of the year and the cans are hot to the touch .
the staff are only allowed to keep a drink in their personal locker which is off the floor upstairs and also has no aircon or windows .
i was worried she would n't do as great of a job as ms marvel in the marvel 's avengers game .
i 'm sure you got it in you to figure it out !
it 's worth noting that she had been crying after the initial assault and that she was physically prevented from leaving the room .
also some players had brought golf clubs with them for some reason .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
do not post videos that contain excessive porn death or other forms of shock content .
this removal was done manually by a human moderator and this removal reason was manually selected out of a list of removal reasons and automatically posted .
if you have questions or concerns or would like to appeal this decision please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcrazyfuckingvideos subject=about 20my 20removed 20submission message=i 27m 20writing 20to 20you 20about 20the 20following 20submission 20https www.reddit.com/r/crazyfuckingvideos/comments/w2wmnf/compilation_of_suicide_jumpers_on_the_golden_gate/. 20 0d 0dmy 20issue 20is ... .
it seems like you are looking for orchid help today .
this group is full of beginners and experts who are happy to help but please do check out this link for quick phalaenopsis care http www.aos.org/orchids/culture-sheets/novice-phalaenopsis.aspx in the meanwhile .
we also have an r/orchids wiki the admins and other volunteers are updating behind the scenes with care information and will soon make it available to the group .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/orchids if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's actually one of the main driving factors .
if you need to release it 's much better to masturbate to sensation using no porn or porn fantasy .
this of course applies if you are in a state where you do n't depend on porn o fantasy to get and erection and orgasm .
it 's up to you how you want to arrange your masturbation habits and frequency .
i would advise to cut out porn and porn substitutes entirely .
as for prostitutes i would recommend not to go there for two reasons 1 you 'll spend money 2 you 'll still wire yourself to pay for sex instead of the whole process of meeting someone dating etc .
as long as it does n't become compulsive excessive or makes you relapse to porn you can find ways to use it .
i 'm personally doing 90 days of hard mode no m allowed because i struggle with pied and want to completely reset .
after 90 days i might reincorporate m occasionally maybe once a week .
but ideally i want to get in a relationship and have that as my sexual life
well we eventually got back together and the last month has been great a part from the few arguments here and there she broke up again !
the last few weeks has been super stressful and draining for us she treated me like crap when all i did was to be there for her and be supportive but i got insulted criticises for everything and nothing ... a few days before the break she insulted called me a coward and that really affected me .
she suggested a take some take time and maybe spent some time at my place .
i decided to do that and sent her a king text as to how hurt i 've been and that i needed the time and space to go through things .
she obviously did not like and broke up over text
if paper gold and gold stonks didnt fuck it up yeah
yes it 's effort to put it on but it 's also extra effort for someone to take off .
the first century bc goes from 100bc to 1bc it 's just the same in reverse .
if there was a 0ad 2022 would be the 2023rd year of the gregorian calendar .
whichever way you go there 's always an off-by-one error somewhere .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
posts break rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended .
if you 're not sure where to look ask r/findareddit for help .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
well i too never considered them genuine in the beginning but then i realised that it 's me who would have to trust people first and then only i could question their virtuousness .
if it 's me who does n't like opening up even if they try their best to be as amicable as they can be then how could i blame them for not being genuine enough .
if you keep canvassing their genuinity you might not ever get a true friend .
i hope you find a genuine friend pretty soon !
my father 's side great great grandpa come from western sahara .
i agree it 's pretty small which is not a bad thing .
it 's just not going to kick start like you 'd expect .
in my 4x4x4 pile there 's an outer rim that 's fairly dry and cool but if you dig into the core it 's steaming .
corbin carroll alek thomas and druw jones outfield of the future officially locked up !
eh it 's cool for the first few months but the gear becomes invalidated quick and no one really cares anymore .
also another thing i just started doing is adding an e/e '' for pokemon that need to be evolved .
for example i had a deinio that was rank 3 as a zweilous labeled e '' to evolve to next stage and one that was a rank 3 as a hydrageon marked with an e '' for evolving to final stage .
and for pokemon with split evolution trees like eevee and poliwag i just abbreviated the evolution needed with the remaining space i have left
she refused to listen to this song after she heard it for the first time because of how emotional it was .
get your ass up and go on that bike ride then hit the gym .
if you enjoy reading try that as an outlet .
identify what led to your relapse and avoid that .
the had closed for about an hour and i had only just clocked out myself .
as im waiting to be picked up i was asked 3 times if the store was open .
i 'm looking at the store which has the lights off and the shutters down and having to explain we 'd been closed for an hour and we would n't open until next year
awe are you starved for attention that you ca n't handle if someone does n't get back to your right away ?
premesso che chi condivide l'account netflix sta comunque arrecando un costo diretto all'azienda visto che i server non si pagano da soli e la banda non è illimitata .
quindi senza neanche entrare nella stupida polemica sulla produzione dei contenuti e diritti comunque si sta facendo un danno diretto all'azienda .
detto questo se la tua ipotesi fosse vera non vedo allora di che cosa abbia da lamentarsi la gente .
se la logica è che voi non sareste mai stati un guadagno per l'azienda netflix esattamente perchè dovrebbe sbattersi la minchia di quello che volete e pensate ?
non siete voi i clienti paganti il servizio non è pensato per voi ed è meglio perdervi che non avervi come costo attivo .
ma in ogni caso la possibilità di un'alternativa gratuita farà sempre perdere una fetta di clienti all'azienda .
alcuni sicuramente non avrebbero mai fatto l'abbonamento ma non tutti .
basta ricordarsi cosa è successo in italia quando spotify ha bloccato tutte le versioni pirata nei vari store .
l'analogia con il biglietto dell'autobus sta nel fatto che non si contribuisce in nessun modo al mantenimento sviluppo di un servizio e magari si ha pure la pretesa di criticarlo perchè non piace .
i love how she 's more worried about the week than her child
amc is finally listing show dates now which is pretty cool .
two theaters within an hour of me are playing it and i 'm surprised to see they 're already selling quite a few tickets .
am i the only one that dont understand the sense of mixing hash with weed ?
if i want to smoke hash then i want to taste the hash
it 's double edged the buffer will sometime mess up with your command especially when the buffer last too long .
she was found wandering on the side of the road and not doing great .
has a massive knot in her tail that we think came from getting run over by a car .
my mil is a vet and nursed her back to health at her clinic .
wandering the urban jungle with all claws intact she 's been totally fine for the last 9 years !
it is pretty bizarre the only answer i can think of is that he was insanely busy with starting teaching and getting additional training for his new job that he just did n't have the time .
to me though what he should have done if that was the case was to immediately call gran torino and ask him to train with izuku in those few weeks .
a lot of the nhs are getting a lot higher than that
my very alcoholic ex husband loved his shower beers that 's disturbing and triggering for me .
i 'm sure the comments are all for it too 🙄
this is not a sub for solo content or hookups .
absolutely no guys nor trace of them in any post !
women must be engaging in sexual contact with one another kissing fucking etc .
you know what we mean when we say sexual contact so do n't act dumb and post crap here .
if this submission does not meet any of the requirements it does not belong here and may result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lesbians if you have any questions or concerns .
certainly just let me get my hands on it and we 'll see how it goes 🤩🔥🔥😛😛
ok mate just got back and put a .09 build on the gen and no does not fire below .10 .
and the dark skin is just gray istead of actually looking like dark skin
i saw no way home in theaters and the kids next to me kept talking about how whatever costume a character was wearing was in fortnite until i told them to stop talking
everyone who gets it looks the same and basic .
plus it just looks like they need to attend to their roots .
u/pomluk3 i lay down and put ur petite body on top of my and start fucking u from below
i still think it 's a decent album that could have been better .
it 's low on my drake rankings but it 's still overall a nice listen and it was cool to see him try something new .
got into arguments on twitter with people who sounded on the verge of hysterics because people called all their nonsense out .
like with some less phony celebs like swift i could get it because at least there 's a degree with talent but think she should also be tried at the hague over her own private jet but the kardashians ?
what on earth reason is there for any human to ever wake up shaking to defend these people ?
dude literally no one is forcing you to be called birthing person . ''
if you would prefer mom '' then that 's totally fine .
inclusiveness and choosing what makes you happy is literally the entire point
ayato might yes he applies a bunch of hydro with his burst and attacks and that may mess up dendro auras for quicken .
that being said could probably run a cool hyperbloom comp with that if you have kuki with em she should have some strong ass hyperblooms
well then op is a hypocritic as he can just destroy the invading ant colony and not watch his house get destroyed again and again .
can you check any of the boxes that might lead you to think they could be unrelable 🤣
cpu is socket 1200 and is only compatible with intel 400 and 500 series motherboards .
motherboard is socket 1700 and is only compatible with 12th gen intel cpus .
imagine being such a bitch that you 'd rather be known as the guy who killed his own daughter instead of the guy who is just embarrassed by her .
killed her in a moment of rage. go fucking have a cigarette or get a punching bag .
you killed your daughter because she was laughing with a boy .
even though they do n't interact much during the movie which excluding the rebuilding of casita takes place in just 2 days there are a few little moments that seem to indicate that they 're close .
in the intro song mirabel refers to camilo as my primo '' .
at the end of his part in wdtab he catches mirabel while still in bruno 's form maybe to ensure he 's strong enough to not drop her then takes his own shape again to set her gently on her feet .
when casita is collapsing he 's the first one we see rushing to help mirabel .
i think that there just was n't enough time to explore their relationship within the timeframe of the movie .
i 'm looking forward to learning more about it because camilo 's my favorite .
the korean alt-right has made a mock movie poster like if woke disney was in charge of our movies '' and the movie looks cool af https i.redd.it/bjhlqyzzrhc91.jpg .
more engines do n't mean more power what you 're doing here with multiple is just dividing the stress output by the number of engines then adding them back together
this is a reminder to read the rules before posting in this subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/rules-thelongversion .
headline titles should be changed only when the original headline is unclear https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/rules-thelongversion wiki_1._headline_titles_should_be_changed_only_where_it_improves_clarity .
link submissions must be about canadian politics and recent https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/rules-thelongversion wiki_5._link_submissions_must_be_canadian_and_recent .
replies to removed comments or removal notices will be removed without notice at the discretion of the moderators .
downvoting posts or comments along with urging others to downvote is not allowed https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/downvotes in this subreddit .
do not copy paste the entire content of articles in comments https www.reddit.com/r/canadapolitics/wiki/rules-thelongversion wiki_9._do_not_copy_.26amp.3b_paste_entire_articles_in_the_comments. .
if you want to read the contents of a paywalled article please consider supporting the media outlet .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcanadapolitics if you wish to discuss a removal .
do not reply to the removal notice in-thread you will not receive a response and your comment will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/canadapolitics if you have any questions or concerns .
well i get you do n't wan na do it in front of your date but it literally says optional so you ca n't be that upset by it .
plus.. you paid 60 for some short rib i think an extra 3 for the staff is n't that big of a deal .
include that as part of your tip if you must .
really is n't that huge of a deal though .
the internet is such a vile place that i do n't even know if you 're joking .
i once had a mischievous fellow who was able to unlock his box door and wandered around the stall during night .
he ended up eating his own and some of another horses feed and trashed feed of selected few clearly targeting the individuals since the targets were a bit further away from his box and there were horses whose feed was untouched on the way .
after the rampage he had returned to his box but the door was not closed all the way so the culprit was found pretty easily .
nftbot will delete this record once this offering is closed .
do n't join a league attack whichever side is losing separately so you can take the territory you want .
acc profits do not athletics dept profits for one school .
the acc paid 36m to notre dame but ohio state got at least 43m from the b10 in 21 .
acc had 578m in revenue as record high b10 had 680m in revenue which is down from the previous year 769m .
not sure where you 're coming away from this acting like notre dame does n't like money
my eyes are watering at the thought of a tragedy like this and a hero like this .
i found a website i 'm not too sure on the name but it was something like old games.com but they have all the games on there i 've managed to get all of them working and they all run with no issues after some changes in the files of the game itself
i 'd consider it scientific slap stick his videos are a mix of interesting and down right funny he never loses that shock value
holy shit did you really get 512 terraprismas for that lvl 10 legit or did you use cheatsheet ?
killing rogues as scav does n't make you lose any rep
it should only be allowed if she marries a member of the imperial bloodline and passes the line to her male heirs
that would explain all the coincidences that happened so far
childhood just felt better back then ... everything about the 90s brings some type of homesickness/nostalgia to me specially during christmas .
its such amazing music to chill and smoke one or to try to calm down at the end of the day before going to sleep .
but i would get too chill while gaming and slow down my gameplay lol
ark enters the corridor trying his best to be quiet as he goes in gun pointed forwards fully charged and ready to be shot .
i got my ps4 for 27000 inr which is 337 dollars
i 've noticed that due to sex negative attitudes that pervade a lot of cultures there 's a ton of disgust and shaming around sexual people who are honest about their needs .
that 's sort of what your friend is engaging in .
to them sex is a perverted closeted shallow thing that only shallow vapid and nasty people want this is true for a lot of people who grow up in sex negative environments and they 're projecting that onto you .
ace people who are sex averse just are n't compatible with allo people and that is okay .
neither of you are the asshole but your friend sure is .
look at other t90 skills and it 's kinda sad where redwood sits .
its in a pretty healthy position its easily the best training method out of all of them and the most afk .
for fishing all of the methods are slightly more profitable but much less ark and with very poor xp rates
for mining you have amethyst as the afk option but this again is much less afk less profitable than redwoods would be at magic log alch value unless you have varrock elite all of the other upgrades .
alternatively mlm for better xp money but that 's also much less afk .
also suggesting catbird a game with 2d sprites that is as amazing as parttimeufo .
his first match on dark this year do n't remember who with .
i was a fan in under a minute spent the match laughing at how unbelievably good he is .
my last one i tried to share but everyone kinda hated it .
a leather wallet to carry small amount of notes my drivers licence donor card and work i.d .
honestly that 's the same experience when i went to a leafs ottawa game in 2011 in ottawa .
both teams were at the bottom of the league this was a meaningless game in april and me and the dude next to me talked about how we missed alfredsson .
all of these posts where the ops know the answer but ask anyways are horrendous .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fansly411 if you have any questions or concerns .
pay him 20/yr when he can prove he can dribble pass shoot and rebound while staying healthy .
i 'm pretty sure god was testing job 's faith but yea .
his life got ruined because god wanted to win a bet with satan
good list however i 'm pretty sure they 'll include red hood in the main roster this time .
a fun thing about music before the '80s was that you could get profanity on the radio because nobody was listening for it .
in the '80s everyone started freaking out and putting warning labels on music but in 1978 the who could get who the fuck are you '' in heavy radio rotation because they could n't be saying fuck '' nobody says fuck '' in a commercially released song right ?
even decades later it still got played because it was grandfathered in .
do not post cheats hacks bots sell items for real money or engage in any other behaviors that violate hay day terms of service .
users that attempt to sell items for real world compensation will be banned .
in my pc all tests are green maybe you are using old typescript ?
what 's wrong with wearing pants the day you want to go to a public administration 's office to get your papers done ?
you can wear shorts the rest of the year if you want .
lewis still had developmental input for next year 's car .
tyres degradation especially which was the critical factor holding mercedes back in 2013 .
it looks like this post has not been claimed as original content oc .
if this is your own work please reply to this comment with oc or i made this .
you can also toggle the oc flag on your post .
a reminder that r/pokemon requires all creative work to be oc in order to protect creators .
if this is not your own work please delete your post per rule 5 r/pokemon/wiki/rules wiki_5._original_content_.28oc.29_only .
i am a bot and may not detect all forms of oc claims .
if you 've already made it clear that this is your work please ignore this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemon if you have any questions or concerns .
people literally get paid to pacemake in other meets and drop out mid way through .
people only care about this false start cause he is american and a lower reaction time threshold makes records easier which is awfully good for american sprinters rn right !
sakazuki got destroyed by a dying yonko and kuzan was blitzed by jozu .
i doubt he 's on the same fighting level as someone like big mom or kaido .
i legit can not understand what you 're typing how in god 's name am i supposed to understand your argument if it 's unreadable .
legit i gave a clear statement about trajectory of force and meanwhile you have been typing some bull that nobody can understand and the shit we can read is illogical erathquake '' onlly ''
like brother in christ i have zero respect for your opinion if you can not even be bothered writing only '' correctly
i 'm gon na add those to my collection .
sure seems like a lot of hoopla for an episode that was just a bad dream .
all drone flight controllers use a linux or windows based os with an intel cpu .
if you ca n't handle respectful criticisms of islam the ideology not the people then you really should n't be here .
atheists are n't the only ones who criticize the abrahamic religion .
i know there are a lot of pagan and polytheistic people who criticize the concept of the abrahamic god .
we are here to discuss religions in all flavors from all points of view not protect overly sensitive people like yourself who can not handle opposing opinions of any kind .
if you wish to never hear a criticism of islam of any kind then just stay in muslim groups .
other points of view deserve to be heard and considered that is freedom of speech and religion .
does that mean we should n't base civilian laws on the bible ?
i remember when my sims had triplets i used mc command for my sim lacy to have triplets with her husband wolfgang .
she was already pregnant but i said i wanted more than one baby for them i was so nervous the whole time she was pregnant .
i thought i would n't be about to handle triplets but i was surprised it all work out ok they had a boy two girls whom i named wyatt tori paxton munch i love them very much .
the fact that she allows you a free pass is an extreme redflag that you are choosing to ignore .
this is not going to bode well for you mate
have you replied to the wrong comment or are you just lost ?
because there 's few things better in life than chocolate spread .
i slept fitfully and as soon as the sun poked its head above the treeline i leapt out of bed showered and rushed downstairs to make breakfast .
i swept through the kitchen like a whirlwind making toast setting places and piling the table with condiments until the wood groaned in protest .
if someone were watching i was sure they 'd think i was having another blip-induced manic episode — but they would 've been wrong !
for the first time since the blip i had purpose i had direction and my mind positively thrummed as i imagined all the excitement i could get up to as an honorary avenger ...
in my reverie i barely noticed the creak coming from the upstairs landing .
a moment later lila came bounding down the stairs and into the kitchen as bright-eyed and bushy-tailed as ever .
morning mom ! she said brightly as if the events of yesterday had never happened .
i smiled warmly in response my daughter could be a high-octane handful at times but she was also one of the most generous and forgiving souls i 'd ever met .
it scared me sometimes mostly for people taking advantage of her good nature but at the same time i envied her ability to just let things go .
morning kiddo ! i came around the table to give her a tight hug and a kiss .
yeah i— her eyes panned across the breakfast table and she squealed in delight .
i blinked and followed her gaze to the small jar of brown goo sitting traitorously atop the chequered tablecloth .
it was a weekend treat otherwise kept out of sight and out of mind for good historical reasons .
i must 've been so preoccupied with visions of high-tech espionage that—
whoops did n't mean to get that out ! i said and went to pick it up .
aw moooom ! she looked at me piteously and my will wavered in the face of those big pleading eyes .
everyone deserved extra chocolate spread at some point in their lives did n't they ?
just this once ! i put it back it on the table and fixed her with a stern stare .
but not too much you have enough trouble focusing as it is young lady !
thanks mom ! she rushed forward to snatch up the jar before i could change my mind and in an instant a piece of toast was buried deep beneath a thick chocolate strata .
my severe gaze softened and after a brief moment 's indecision i joined her at the table .
hey lil ? i said and gently tucked a lock of her hair back behind an ear .
i 'm ... sorry i forgot to tell you about maisie .
oh that 's okay ! lila paused and a glob of chocolate slithered onto her plate .
he said you were going through a ... a ... — her brow furrowed —an extradimensional crisis ?
because kitiyama had an extradimensional crisis in episode twenty-eight of unicorn samurais and now she 's got a robot arm !
dad said existential crisis squirt coop said as he came shambling through the door .
he looked at lila looked at me then flopped down on a chair and stared blearily at the table .
did n't i warn you about staying up all hours playing video games ?
well you 'd better hurry up and eat the bus 'll be here soon !
hahahahaha i love this thanks for posting this clip you made my day
the designers know the wait time fully before they sign a deal with gmk .
ive yet to see a designer say they felt disrespected by gmk .
ive seen designed throw shade as vendors but not gmk .
the designer of my favorite cap set shared a post about why designers still go with gmk even full well knowing the set wont see boards for 1-2 years .
designers know what they are getting into with gmk .
here is the thread shared by pwade the creator of gmk analog dream gmk taro and gmk windbreaker .
if you hadnt seen it i suggest reading it .
gmk 's excuse is they have more projects as well this isnt their only product .
caps are not gmk 's biggest project which they have met with doubling their machines during the pandemic .
the pandemic made things even harder but gmk has come out to say that since keycap sets are not their biggest projects they have doubled down on focusing on that project .
here is the thing ... . purpolch had to go through the same exact manu process .
the difference is they kept is quit until the sets were about ready .
the only difference here is you couldnt buy purpolch until they went live or right before ... where as with gmk you paid during a gb when you 100 do not have to .
both were up for sale with extras last month on omnitype .
it shipped to me within a week of buying it .
if you dont like gmk wait times then wait until extras come out and buy those .
or buy gmk sets from drop where you can just as easily wait until they are in stock .
im sitting on 5 gmk sets that all shipped within a week of me buying them .
actually i get gmk stuff faster since i order from vendors in the states and kbdf ships from china and charges 24 to ship .
i did n't level up did n't get my money back it 's a 100 lost lol
no one 's misreading your comment it just made no sense .
what are you afraid of and why will it affect zinchenko ?
please check out the resources in our bonding guide http www.wabbitwiki.com/wiki/bonding and binkybunny 's bonding overview https binkybunny.com/infocategory/bonding for more tips on the process .
some important general tips on the process of bonding rabbits with other rabbits
house rabbits in nearby pens and swap regularly to encourage sharing .
this can be done before both rabbits have been neutered .
be sure to use neutral territory that neither have been in to use for face-to-face dating .
please wait until 4 weeks after both rabbits have been neutered before attempting face-to-face bonding to allow time for all hormones to dissipate .
while it is not impossible to bond intact rabbits their hormonal behaviors work against them and rabbits can often end up with serious injuries during territorial spats .
if your current rabbit has not been spayed or neutered do not obtain another intact rabbit of the opposite sex to bond .
you will end up with baby rabbits if you do not keep them separated 24/7 .
it only takes one successful three-second attempt for a male with an intact female .
male rabbits are not sterile until 6 weeks after their neuter operation .
maybe it 's not a meme at all maybe it 's a normie meme .
it could also be too similar to something that 's been done already or it might be a split meme .
send us a message here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes do n't reply to this comment .
if hanafusa does the operation it does n't seem that impossible that man is basically a magician at this point .
id say to go hang out at the library or walk around a mall for a bit
do n't have that much trouble with it most of the times .
checkmate op the snowflakes can tap your username and find this post .
this unverified member u/austro1992 has shared a post today on r/aussiegirls let 's thank them with some compliments below .
we thrive on community interaction so we highly encourage responses if someone writes a nice comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aussiegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i worked nightshift at a gas station down the street from my towns event center .
there was a rodeo the night before and around 3 a.m two drunk dudes come in .
they were day workers hired to help out with the animals and paid in cash .
they did n't have any though because they spent it all on booze .
one asked if i could give em coffee for free i said idgaf dude it 's 3 a.m. then he asked for some donuts too and i said sure .
those guys took their stuff outside and sat at this picnic table eating and drinking just in time for the auto sprinklers to kick on but they did n't even register it .
they say there for about 10 minutes getting soaked just eating their donuts and drinking their coffee .
his mythos shorts are great but goes full derleth in the titus crow series and it 's awful
put this on a paper bag or canvas bag and it 's perfect
i felt violated being circumcised when i was an infant .
then once i saw the mutilations that happen on farms dehorning teeth cutting ear docking cutting off tails etc i realized it was the same rights that i wanted for my body autonomy that animals lacked too .
i 'm just really against mutilations and the idea that someone else can own your body and make life altering decisions about it
the game and most opinions you get about the game for builds weapon choices etc .
are almost always ruined by people who got this game as their first souls game
ok. now this is what you call an official beatdown .
he says multiple times that he wants to protect her
the idea of him considering whitney of all people his friend is hilarious to me
he just wants people to donate so he can be a whale without spending his own money lol
i wear the nike yoga shorts anytime i have to clean and they work so damn well .
post paylaşabilmek ve yorum atabilmek için en az 30 karman olması gerekmektedir
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ateistturk if you have any questions or concerns .
uhm we need you to come down to the station for a lineup ''
never said that it did but that 's what top and bottom refer to
because bill holter convinced her that legal tender coins have some special protection under the law or constitution .
bics for the money are very useful easy to carry and at least in the us damned easy to find .
and what is molly mae influencing exactly 😂 telling people with less time on their hands and a lot less money that they are n't making the most of life 😂 get a fucking job
no we do n't want to hear russell continue to insist it was his corner when he pushed perez off .
feel free to read it and understand why all the things you are mentioning do n't affect it but the rise of right-wing populism does .
if you watch closely the first split second he 's aiming behind the counter and gets startled by the guy and probably thought he was going to run from him giving the officer that split second he needed to draw .
i had to keep re watching it because it looked like an assassination but why would he not have a round chambered ?
doing a robbery makes sense because cocking a gun is a decent scare tactic to let someone know they 're being robbed .
i dont ever see it mentioned but in the episode where the khans move in hank loves the burgers made over a charcoal grill .
cool but all these tricks are normal ledge tricks and dont profit form the special from factor of the ledge .
adc cait jhin ashe are my faves in that order .
i used to mf a lot before it became normal to use comet and her slow as main damage had a good time bouncing qs for half someone 's health .
favorite supports to work with are ones that are n't bots lol .
i think pointing out that they have a good eye that if they nailed the technical the photo would be great is important .
but yes praising the good should go with pointing out the bad .
we made it back home a little after midnight .
we are wore out but happy to be back home .
i 'm taking the next couple of days off then updating my resume and sending it out .
thank you to all who make me smile every day !
did the artist shave you prior to tattooing you too ?
anyway i think the friction from wiping off the tat with the paper towel and the petroleum jelly clogging your pores might be the cause .
i would take a washcloth with plain soap and wash the area avoiding the tattoo for some light exfoliation .
if it 's hot to the touch red swollen itchy or painful and continues to grow go to the doctor .
unfortunally you submission has been removed since you do not have enough λ .
it makes hartford look down right cosmopolitan by comparison .
fusions have utterly gross combos between usv vb sv f2p purple gogeta and green kefla .
really take your pick because no matter what three you choose all have obnoxious combos by themselves .
the f2p gogeta is the weak link here since he does n't technically have cds but if you keep drawing strike arts he 'd be fine .
green kefla to this day is my favorite unit and i can not wait for the day that she gets a zenkai .
i think spop could fit into masterverse as it covers different sectors of motu .
i doubt mattel has the rights to make them though as dreamworks likely owns those versions .
silphbot has changed the flair on your post to ✓ answered .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thesilphroad if you have any questions or concerns .
can confirm i 've made like 12 characters total and 8 of them were putting down summon signs at malenia within 5-7 hours .
i can not wait for 25 year old joseph to find out what we 've been memeing about him in october
this is way funnier than the beth situation in bb21 though holly 's reaction was hilarious too
the dimmest stars in our galaxy still outshine these distant galaxies as they are so far away
the difference is that manure breaks down in one 's yard and garden and is great for plants .
chemicals sprayed on lawns off run-off into sewers and into water systems .
the use of these chemicals on a massive scale leads to whole fishing and recreation industries being destroyed .
by your logic it 's not gay to have sex and be attracted to transgender men .
you 're telling me it 'd be straight to bang buck angel ?
even a broken clock is right twice a day . ''
buy red sell green is the name of the game .
youtube investment advice is usually dross or 'paid for ' promo but there are times that overwhelming sentiment that is actually true seeps over into what they 're saying .
that said i do n't think we 're anywhere near the bottom yet 👀
i got into a downvote oblivion for saying that not all robux websites are scam lol 200 karma
it 's vape cloud in there so it 's gon na smell bad when it pops
it applies to the government not to individual citizens not to corporations and not to private businesses .
that 's different from the civil rights act of 1964 that prohibits discrimination based on race color religion etc .
i know they can be a lot of money though you could consider an older model .
there 's also an app called ‘notes ' and there is a way that other people can access that app on your phone so they could write everything you need to know on that .
what happened with the focus on the right side between the holes ?
what 's really sweet about these too is in the settings menu you can change the music between the original japanese style or the americanized music which is arguably better for dramatic effect in certain scenes
it looks like your post is missing the correct title format .
ex 21 r4r location let 's go out for drinks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sfbaypersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm old so to me fm is frequency modulation .
not music over wi-fi or usb or other modern source .
granted he did n't finish on my leg but i eventually fixed it for him so i 'm thinking he figured it out then .
never gon na turn down a free handy especially from someone as gorgeous as you !
i do n't think it 's disgusting but i do agree it 's unimpressive and an odd choice for a brand 's signature scent .
but when you have bikini do n't make sun on your body lines ? ''
science and data says yes i guess you could be a strange anomaly but probably not .
always check your priors if things are n't working .
you could be thinking you are in a deficit but actually it 's closer to maintenance than you think .
we are pro-choice pro-lgbtqia pro-science proudly feminist and believe that black lives matter .
wear your masks wash your hands and be excellent to each other .
anti-choice activists intactivists anti-vaxxers homophobes transphobes racists sexists etc .
if you 'd like to join a private sub for your due date month click here https www.reddit.com/r/pregnant/comments/tu8bmk/click_here_to_request_access_to_your_private_due .
after receiving a tip propublica started investigating prenatal genetic testing .
they 're collecting stories from people who 've had nipt screenings and/or work in maternal health .
if this is you please fill out their brief questionnaire !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pregnant if you have any questions or concerns .
cool i trust tomlin to make the call whether to trust snell on 3rd and 1 .
my bf is atheist and i grew up roman catholic but no longer identify with any religion .
when we have dinner with my grandma she always begins the meals with a prayer .
we are guests in her home and she went thru the effort to host us because she wants to spend time with us and vice versa .
she would n't make us pray if she was dining with us but because it 's her home we pray i outloud and my boyfriend boys his head in respect .
it takes no more than 30 seconds just be a respectful person when being a guest and be silent for the minute they may need .
highest was a few weeks where i was in the mid 11mils .
and the cost of the work increases because the construction gets more expensive as land materials and labour costs increase and in the mean time the systems are under increasing strain ...
and the projects get criticised as being under-costed and delivered late .
and we never seem to be ahead of the curve .
we always try and complete these projects at the moment of peak congestion .
i think the tube station you were on about was probably tottenham court road where literally they had to bore a tunnel between three active tube lines and build a new station i believe and maintain service .
with some tunnels being lined with victorian cast-iron stays .
we 'll be sweating that assets for the next couple of centuries .
i just get annoyed that we did n't start building hs2 as we were finishing off hs1 into kings cross at the latest .
here in the us you can often buy a train ticket via cash and no id required .
def ca n't travel anonymously by plane of course .
... not that i really give a shit lol .
the people who act like they 're on the run from the government are so full of themselves and whatever reality they 're experiencing
i did not meant that gay people or other are infertile .
just that if both partners have the same sex they are unable to produce offspring with that partner .
this and saying its not the first contract that has this clause when theres been legit reporters stating otherwise .
i have a teir 2 selector for the primium selector .
should i use it for kitty pride or for spiderman 2099 ?
i was thinking kitty for the team bonus with sersi and luna snow
but i heard spiderman 2099 is good and i have spiderman nwh and sunny days silk to run with him for that team combo .
as of right now sersi and luna are my best in terms of power level output but silk is my third best and she can do some really nasty damage in both pve and pvp .
i just wish their was a team bonus for luna and silk on the same team given they are good friends in the comics .
i know its a stupid childish tv show but still this shows the hatred and mentality of the terrorist state .
such things as this only bolsters support for ukraine .
this is the only person of any amount of import that understands how tumblr .
i work in an industry that uses these and have never heard them called anything but bollards .
just look at some charts and 50 chance you 're right .
it 's the option i wish for all of you .
craig manny and ashley were the messiest cheated and then got her pregnant .
claire kc and jenna made me so mad because i was 12 and related to clare and i felt personally betrayed lol .
alli drew and bianca made me mad because i shipped alli and drew so hard and alli deserved better 😭
that 's ridiculous lol so did you have your webcam on the entire time that kind of set up ?
i 'm not criticizing who their targeting although you do n't need to have had multiple or anonymous partner to remain in the higher risk group of gay people .
i think restricting it entirely to them is questionable and could potentially be handled a lot better .
my main issue is with the multiple partners stipulation and the overall wording .
omg same here ... that was so heartbreaking i lost it
but i understand now why the binder was so tight .
i 'm exactly between two sizes and ordered the larger size.. but the smaller one arrived .
probably because i had to delete and reset the shopping cart while shopping .
so i was on the high end of the fit of the binder .
i returned that one and will get the new one today one size bigger. !
lucky all mine here are the fights wife and i have .
lots of people say they have done well with btc and eth is doing better all the time .
i 've been washing it with just conditioner every day and using a deep conditioner every third while using a gel for styling gel is n't great though .
..look at me like i have a dick growing out of my forehead ''
i believe you have to be in steam 's big picture mode then bring up the steam menu in game and go to controller settings .
go to the right stick and one of the preset options is vertical input only and you 're all set .
switched to hunter and got the dare to dream completed in just one dare run .
but for my titan i had to do it four times .
i make 90 k a year and trump raised my taxes .
hey bakugo how many times did you threaten someone 's life this week ?
223 wylde is a chambering that 's kinda halfway between the two .
something chambered in 223 rem is n't supposed to run 556 and chambered in 556 is less accurate with 223 rem .
223 wylde runs both and should be the most accurate
there is and unfortunately i think to navigate it you need a 'lead from the front ' personality like schumacher had .
i love seb with every atom of my black shriveled heart but i think this is why he was unsuccessful there too .
maybe 'overwhlem ' is a more accurate term than navigate
i just ran the super in red deer this past weekend and every obstacle save the spear throw had penalty loops .
my team and i ran a few of them lol but we were so grateful for them .
totally agree lunch plate and a beer it is grand but other than that it 's just normal .
especially considering the high levels of domestic abuse and sexual violence traveller women endure too .
you must have above 1 comment karma to contribute to this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunners if you have any questions or concerns .
i like him a lot cant wait for new album
i 'm leaving next winter for the space studies program at und and my current laptop is currently at the end of its life .
so i am in the market for a new market and i 'm struggling to judge my needs in function of what i 'll be doing during my master 's degree .
i 'm planning on continuing my studies in space engineering after this degree i 'm using it as a jumping point between my physics degree and a potential engineering phd so i want to choose the best option for my needs .
however i 'm still unclear on exactly what kind of computer intensive work i 'll be doing aside from astrodynamics which i expect to do in python anyway .
is there any software i need to think of for for example systems engineering classes or mission design classes ?
i 'm used to macos and i 'm currently very attracted to the power and battery life of m1 macbook pros and i 've yet to find a windows laptop who felt as nice to use as a macbook but i do n't want to be caught offguard by needing to use windows only software .
for example i 've had to use xfoil in an aerodynamics class last year and i 've had to either use my desktop or university computers for my assignments .
old religious books and what not women were property .
they had no real agency and their only purpose in life was to create and raise babies .
honestly this narrative has only changed maybe in the past 100 years .
democrats and progressives are like hey a woman should be able to have agency over her life .
choose a career to be a mom or both .
they should also be able to choose who they marry and not have to marry the first joe who shows up because 'the clock is ticking ' ''
conservatives have a mindset of if it ai n't broke do n't fix it .
society has gotten by just fine for hundreds of years and should continue ''
society was not great for women people of color lgbtq non-christians etc .
what other rare go shinies would you like for it ?
i remember sissoko was included during last year 's shoot but he still left
my doctor has been very kind every time i have relapsed and has reminded me that it 's so so common even when the relapses were weeks apart .
i hope you will reach out to yours and that you have the same experience .
but it 's impressive and admirable to keep trying despite the pain .
from what i understand it 's representations of cristianity were fairly faithfully adapted from the comics .
you communicate with people before starting rp with them .
that resolves any potential issues with your chosen role .
i assure you a lot of people would n't mind rp with someone else 's wol and for example a lot of people would not want to rp with someone else 's garlean/voidsent/etc .
phrases alike that 's not a proper way to rp a proper way to rp is how i like to do it '' is nothing but some weird elitism i see a little bit too often .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identity theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
no platitudes or generic motivational posts https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules wiki_no_platitudes_or_generic_motivational_posts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
and as long as you 're apart of this awesome community you 'll always have a friend !
it 's tiring to keep up with as a casual player
for me it 's not brought on by anything and it goes on for weeks .
i get anxious sometimes about stuff but it can taper off day to day .
when i 'm mixed i 'm always both depressed and hypomanic so i 'm usually anxious and more upset by everything .
i always look at this chart if i 'm unsure too https images.app.goo.gl/x1tbmndxv9rvpzxa6
everyone normally talks about meats with a sunday roast but for me the star is always the potatoes .
i 'd want my potatoes a little more brown with a crispy skin and scored with a fork .
2 a chores list a detailed one which rooms to clean laundry yard etc
make sure you both get trips/time on your own .
when you take the kids away she gets to clean house
the real and the fake are both better than a grocery bag in that they have a zipper .
he 's not a good match for rory at all .
he 's not a good person..he treats everyone and those who help him like poo.. acts all calm after he got rory towards dean .but when she was with dean he was an asshxle..
so far i loved dean ..i hate jess with a passion
unfortunately he has his plan and you can not change it .
you can either take that on or go your seperate ways .
neither of you are in the wrong it 's just a difference in what you both want out of life .
i think you can go either way depending on your playstyle and what 's your preference remember that he just got released so there could be more sets that works good on him .
but there were female twins on love island before .
this is the first it 's brother and sister though
people who hate jews but love jesus are the most fascinating aspect of american politics rn imo .
honestly i have n't played at go to work in years .
i loved the idea of owning a buisness but could never figure out the system and spent every second trying to make my buisness turn a profit .
if i earn a badge in a chapter and then restart the chapter does it still count ?
i 'm trying to get the badges and i got the one for
kicked in if i leave and move on to the next one .
or have to re do the chapter will i need to find all the music again
new gun that will be added in season 7 it 's called the switch blade
i do 100 for acquaintances and 300 for close friends/family as we 're all in our 30 's
op your opinion is valid but shame on you for not mentioning this context .
you inserted yourself into a conversation that primarily involved the trans lesbian issues just to do the thing they complained about .
that does make you seem trans exclusionary so you deserved the ban .
next time you want to talk about how much you love vagina do n't do it under a post talking about how cis women bring up genitalia whenever trans women are mentioned
bleach is n't really universal or planetary because planets and the universe are never subjects touched upon in bleach but since the jupiter feat is treated as a gag in the story but it 's being treated as a feat here
that redditor is likely using the posibility of bleach being universal as a feat since in bleach those characters he mentioned are supposed to be reshaping the physical and spiritual worlds together with no confirmed limits
this post has been removed due to rule ii .
do not use the tags to share your own poetry .
all original poetry goes to our sister subreddit r/ocpoetry .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/poetry if you have any questions or concerns .
will i be able to use future restore to upgrade from ios 13.2 to ios 15.4.1 if i have my shsh blobs saved on my iphone 11 i 'm jailbroken atm .
ah yes blush blush the gay dating clicker game .
this and crush crush took days off of my life i will never get back but i do not regret it
i once tried this app and i really liked it .
it 's not covered by insurance but i 'm pretty sure that you get a week free trial and then you just pay a mo that fee and you get access to a variety of counsellor sand you just chat online .
let me know if that link does n't work i 'm in nz so i hope i 've done it right .
i grew up in america in a fairly rough area .
i was only little maybe 3 or 4 when it happened but the house we lived in at the time was next door to a house that was shot up in a drive by shooting .
the thing of it is my room was at the front of the house and it was a one story house .
according to my mother there were some bullet holes in the front of our house .
they just did n't happen to go through the walls and they somehow missed the windows .
this was one major motivator for my ma to try and move us to a nicer area .
also our house got broken into once and i do remember my stepfather chasing some would be thief down the road with a baseball bat .
from what i 've been told they saved up and we moved to some brand new estate a few years later .
we are in the process of creating a will and trust for our kids .
priority 1 is assigning guardianship so that our kids do not get stuck in foster care while guardianship gets decided in court .
i googled family attorney in my area and made some calls .
it can be several hundreds to thousands but well worth it over cheaper online diy options to ensure everything is valid in your state and this is coming from a diy everything person ! .
they will be able to lay everything out for you clearly and have questionnaires to help with all the things you 'd never think about but need to be decided .
i think you 're the moron for trying to initiate a discussion that way .
holy shit you 're so hot omg you hit so many of my buttons
at 1:05 are you saying toast my bread '' or toast my brain '' ?
so like people actually chat ... with other people ... in minecraft ?
it 's not a hermit roll playing game for you guys ?
that seems to be the hardest part for people to nail with superman .
if the game play is average but the character and story are on point it will make the gameplay that much more enjoyable .
as much as it 'll rile up rantgrumps to hear ... the boys really need allie for observation duty .
she 's integral to the series at this point .
trains are diesel electric because that gives superior control for the driver/engineer .
what they mean by that they are diesel electric means that there is an electric transmission .
basically diesel engine powers generator which powers the traction motors .
not really accidental when one of the packs was made as a reaction to the other .
i made a lot of mistakes in my past although i was a child most of the time .
still i felt like i did everything wrong and behaved the worst way possible like i was the worst person on this planet .
what i learned was to understand why i acted the way i did .
i learned that mostly i reacted to the bs of others but it was exclusively blamed on me .
i 'm still far away from being fine with myself but that 's what self love '' is for me .
but tbh on that topic i have no answer at all because i 'm struggling hard with that .
i just know that i tend to overrate how people perceive me .
i feel like i have a strange very striking face which is visibly different from any other .
when your perception is very distorted only therapy can help imo .
however you can get herpes and have it lay dormant for months years even and then it can activate and that 's when you notice the symptoms .
do n't make the game pause in skills spells or inventory .
maybe a different death screen or maybe the world adapts consistently around you .
i know all of these are mods but they should be base game .
oh and better third person camera options and being able to sprint in any direction without the camera being required to follow .
it was fixed days ago lol redeemed it on friday without ever doing anything with support .
it 's happened with other games in the past .
i do n't know why everyone was carrying on like lunatics as if it was some deliberate ploy to scam a small amount of players haha
i mean i used to play warzone on that peice of crap surely it can handle a lil far cry 6 with decent graphics ?
the thing on the right looks like a pot handle holder like this https i.pinimg.com/236x/11/6a/c7/116ac7b1292c9758b54ae3ea86777e12 potholders-gag-gifts.jpg https i.pinimg.com/236x/11/6a/c7/116ac7b1292c9758b54ae3ea86777e12 potholders-gag-gifts.jpg
the thing on the left i think is to protect your hands from burns while lifting hot pot lids .
post a pic of a larger dick just post a whale dick ot something .
yeah but you 've got to try to improve his palet have n't you ... ?
if you are in immediate danger or crisis please contact your local emergency services https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_emergency_telephone_numbers or use our list of crisis resources https old.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index wiki_crisis_support_resources .
for cptsd specific resources support check out the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index .
for those posting or replying please view the etiquette guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/peer2peersupportguide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cptsd if you have any questions or concerns .
i am unironically going to do this because raditz is my boy and i 'm too much of a clown to let it go .
and even worse clownery i 'll have hopes that they will fix him before his global release with a boosted passive and immense damage 🤡🤡🤡🤡
thank you napapaisip na talaga ko kung 3060ti or 3070 bilin na gpu for 2k gaming
weird the manual says not to shoot at others e.g lucio tracer reaper.. is n't that what the gun is for
i can do everything pictured here for 215 shipped from military base in japan via usps .
95 japanese with one chinese commemorative from hubei in there .
i was hoping there would be another swipe ... . would never call a girl a whore .
though i once knew a girl who enjoyed being called a trollop in the bedroom .
awesome boobs but you also have the most amazing eyes !
so many of these views probably come from the community surrounding melty blood because arcade endings and victory text can only do so much to convey proper character motivation and subtext .
mb fans love nanaya because of his playstyle and smug nature but that dude 's a fucking terrifying monster in both tsukihime and kagetsu tohya .
and ! kohaku being labeled as best girl '' is probably also an aspect of this considering how she 's usually cute and moe in mb without really delving into the darker aspects of her character from what i know like her plot to overthrow the tohno household being taken as something cute and comedic while disregarding the sex-filled manipulation kohaku does to both shiki and akiha .
play dumb as if you have an issue with your short-time memory and forget everything they say .
mix up things and always call them a different name .
i take so much pain killers for my back that i could snap my legs and not feel it if on a run i would still feel my back pain though .
thing i 'm trying to say is i have to check my self too make sure i did n't wreck myself more and not feel it ... ..
she would have too do the same thing as i do but i guess it would be i got too do what she does lol
but it does sound like you 're objecting to the derisions .
and these derisions are n't limited to the right wing either .
i think it 's normal to make fun of people you ca n't actually do anything else about .
besides making fun of the ccp and the latter day genocide they 're carrying out what else can we do on reddit .
in the past 3 years on your home price .
theoretically speaking most people 's incomes increase as they get older so hopefully you 've encountered better luck and gotten a few raises/promotions along the way .
idk about you but i had friends in other school districts and i just used their address to get into the public school i wanted to maybe you could try that ?
the commute might be a bit further but could be something you want to look into .
it kinda looks like the marking for showing center polarity on electronics that are powered by external transformer with a barrel plug .
not the same but i could see it being reinterpreted like that .
i think code geass is like this more or less .
if you want authenticity why not go all the way ?
everything short of 100 ca n't be said authentic .
i really like the line talking trash to the garbage around you '' its a very beck phrase .
its not my favoutite song of guero by a long shot but it 's a straightforward rock song in an album thats otherwise not so easy mostly .
also i think it 's the first straight grunge/rock song beck had released in like a decade which would make it more forgiving to an audience that probably had been missing that from beck
your post has been automatically removed because it appears to be a question or request for technical support such as issues with fps network ping system specific issues and more .
if this removal was done in error or the post is an educational post providing a fix or guide please contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/valorant .
long wait times or them delivering final judgment on an issue still means that these topics are disallowed on the subreddit .
alternatively you can try r/valoranttechsupport for tech-only issues if you think it can be crowdsourced .
if you 're not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here https www.reddit.com/r/valorant/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/valorant if you have any questions or concerns .
hey girl why do n't you come so i can show you how fun islam is
thank you i would love your cum inside me !
reaper did n't work says player does n't exist ii 'll need the 12334567 like at the end of mine .
if you 're on ps hit triangle 🔺️ or y on xbox to goto social then click r3 right thumb stick and it 'll pull up your activision id
things was going well before edge left only thing that the feud with rey mysterio family and judgement day set edge to attack them after what they did to him
bonus which penguin from the penguins of madagascar is each season
you hit the nail on the head with the statement i know objectively that friends are good but i enjoy my own company ... .etc .
idk but i 've heard that past lvl 400 or 450 is not really worth to push recharge levels
neymar has done absolutely fuck all for some time now .
he needs to get his shit together right now .
yeah man do n't ever call this person a friend '' ever again in your life hope you find better and genuine people .
would n't say he 's great either but he 's much better
sorry this submission has been automatically removed as it appears to break one of our rules no advertising .
if you think this is a mistake please message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/needysluts if you have any questions or concerns .
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 500 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
500 combined post comment karma award/awarder karma does not count .
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it or try https www.reddit.com/r/karma/wiki/index/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
an analogy i love for this situation and you can use it with toxic family members friends co-workers too not just exes .
if there was a bully that pushed your face in the dirt everyday at recess ... would you share your oreos with them ?
they do n't deserve to share in your life .
i mean charles is still the champ in the eyes of the mma world so it would mean islam actually beat the champion .
that 's not allowed even to random white boomers .
what scout gon na do when son n kane both gets 3 hauls ... gameweek 2 wildcard
i love how you commented that there 's a lot of terrible advice then though heck what 's one more ?
you and your girlfriend will raise my rape baby well .
i 'd start by licking and sucking your balls before licking from the base of your shaft to the tip and then slowly slide it against my tongue into my warm moist mouth
so you 'd prefer to have no exemptions and no open door for future modification and review ?
why does everything have to be all or nothing ?
you should n't hit girls because they 're girls you should n't hit anyone because violence is bad .
least bennett and kuki she looked cool so i tried to upgrade her but she keeps dying also barbara because she 's useless against anything but fire
y'all out here mispronouncing fancy french words and i said tor-lit instead of toilet well into my teens .
i do n't doubt that that can happen but to attribute ... that me pointing glumly at woke societies all over the western world to these rare deviations of biology would be insane .
it 's far more likely that it 's just humans being humans and following the crowd under the banner of compassion without too much critical thought put in .
ok i know you wo n't understand this one but hear me out
when you first start dating with them and they say i love you '' within the first week that 's a red flag .
ooooh i whipped up some really fun flavour i enjoyed for a beast barbarian forest gnome but i only played him for a one-shot !
kind of lean into the idea of gnome shadowcraft illusion magic so the claws/tail/teeth are formed of shadow-made-real .
my cousin is a scorpio and she says the most narcissistic shit .
yeah i think i 'm gon na go with smth like that i 'm gon na see a dermatologist next week to see if it 's serious
however you can post one image from the album and the include a link to the album itself in the comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lipsthatgrip if you have any questions or concerns .
with that you 've got a decent chance of finding power and love if that 's what you want .
nta he 's not your son he 's their son and i ca n't believe they have the audacity to try and argue with you over this .
yeah sure i 'll whip out 50k unless you 're a secret millionaire this is n't a reasonable request .
capullo's art evolved massively over his time pencilling spawn to the point where his first work on the book looks significantly different to his work on batman
fran drescher the nanny and her friend were attacked this way in a fairly nice area a few decades ago .
the practice has been done for millennia written records and instructions on how to do it are veiled as symbolism in popular stories and books that we all are familiar with .
literally just macro pickpocket into all your stealth openers cheap shot ambush garrote whatever .
you 'll loot lockboxes off humanoid mobs while you quest/dungeon and be basically max lock picking at every level .
if you are in 3.1.1 only 3.1.1 mods will work i believe .
no problem i loved the art jedi au of cursed princess club is not something i thought i would want but you woke something inside me
shoutouts to mildly horny fanart that 's drawn in the style of official art
i think uta will be the same as shiki made canon in the manga solely to promote the movie and nothing else .
i doubt that ryukugyu will clash with shanks as shanks basically already left wano by the end of the chapter .
on the bright side this can be a good way to stop over population because we 're not gon na stop what 's causing infertility we are way too comfortable with our current lives infertility sounds better than genocide
over several smaller campaigns no one in my group has ever rolled a cleric or anyone really with a healing ability outside of medicine checks to stabilize the dying .
it just seems like a really odd thing to me to be passionate about .
it 's like everyone is going about their day and some nutter starts screaming their weird d d takes and then there 's a silence before someone goes sir this is a wendy 's . ''
i 'm not a long term investor and not a dd valuation kinda guy .
i do n't buy stocks to hold for months/years .
there 's the joke about two dudes at a nude beach .
a very attractive woman with clear tan lines maybe it 's her 1st time at the beach ?
walks by one dude says to the other man she 'd be hot in that swimsuit . ''
well good i 'm glad you did n't deny it .
mad has ended armed conflict with the world powers for decades now .
i agree with you that there were some close calls but nonetheless nukes in the hands of world powers have kept totally mind fucking destruction wars like ww1/2 from occurring again
i guess i thought you were denying because you did n't address my point and just countered with another statement that nobody can disagree with because obviously it happened on all sides
i 've had students like that but they 're a bit younger so they have more of an excuse they did n't twerk randomly but they had the same vacant expression looking and scanning for approval when no one was giving it to them .
btw these students i cite who did the same approval seeking gestures are in 6th grade ages 11-12 .
their food is expensive and there is absolutely nothing special about their menu .
they use cheap ingredients and i have no idea how they are such a successful restaurant franchise .
it made me feel shitty which is why i felt compelled to do a sketch .
im mostly just doing it for practice and thats just what my sketch book is .
most of my friends were skaters or rode motorcycles ... . so no .
i actually had a guy hit on me at walmart lol .
it was flattering but also weird that he would n't let up when i told him that i was married
no bc ppl can scroll through the feed on all or popular and unexpectedly see this without looking at the sub or title
oh i saw all 3 seasons of you and it was a good show but obviously those characters are deranged .
to be honest i wanted love to kill joe by the end of season 3 because he is a hypocrite and total failure in my eyes as he said he never wanted to put a child/his child through what he want through and did it to his own son .
besides the fact that love was perfect for him because they were both crazy but could actually accept each other for what they were his character just disappointed me in that last season .
i do n't know if you 're new here so i 'll let you off the hook this time .
using emojis is frowned upon here on this great site and for good reason .
instagram normies often use them and you do n't want to be a normie do you ?
if i catch you using an emoji in the future i 'll be forced to issue a downvote to your comment .
well to begin you will lose karma on your account which is a useful social status tool and also a way to show others you know your way around reddit .
if you were to continue the use of emojis i would be forced to privately message you about your slip-up .
any further offenses past that would leave me no other option than to report your account .
i do n't think i have to explain why you do n't want that .
follow these simple rules and you 'll enjoy your future on reddit !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
i had one a few weeks ago for a director role of a huge company .
i had to record my answers and they said they used ai to go through the answers to score them .
then i had to do number/letter sequence recall tests everything was timed .
i did n't even get any wrong on the recall i know because they had another shapes test where i missed a few .
i do n't know how any of this determines how good you 'd be at that type of job .
i think my answers were pretty good but you get 30 seconds to compose an answer each time in an exact format and i know i started one of the answers 10 seconds late as i was writing notes .
what was she hoping to achieve by saying this ?
i 'm technically the senior where i work but have no one else on the team and am limited with my tech choices .
been doing it for 7 years or so but it does n't equate to what most companies consider a senior role .
maybe you arent good with facisim cause i prob collapse 1 time with fascist and i dont remember you can sell 100 electronics to india government spending on high and tax on low and you wont collapse add consumer goods just incase
i ca n't guarantee a 4k but i can try to crutch golden gun for ya
on days with warm weather rain usually occurs om the evening/late midday .
had the race started an hour later we might have seen a more impactful rain
mmm 's pure life water commercial was the highlight for me .
i love that fucking gimmick and it took two goofys in mace and mansoor to pull it off
do the cayo perico replay glitch its way quicker and will probably get you more money per hour then the casino heist .
what 's a sheep slope and why does it need hay pushed and or twisted ?
take away some barrels to create depth use that space for a flower pot or some candles !
i know this person has to be suffering from addiction or mental illness but
what they said was obviously awful and nobody should have to experience that but what you said was equally shitty .
being an addict or mentally unwell does n't make a person an asshole .
note that even if they are already an rn they still need to separately get a paramedic certification because it 's a different skill set .
there 's a lot of overlap but there are things paramedics do as routine that most rns never have to touch .
it 's like buying a honda civic with sun roof remote starter heated seats vs. a honda civic that doese n't have remote start .
you have every right to disagree with this opinion but how in the hell is it gatekeeping and elitism '' ?
to me they 're just saying they want cavil to play the character .
the our '' in the meme simply represents others who feel the same way .
exactly what thinking that you outgrew is on display here ?
red bull and ferrari not playing mind games with each other well obviously there is a reason why .
ferrari is seriously in need of a complete overhaul .
are you really incapable of understanding that no government is safe from being tyrannical ?
that 's the whole reason why the second amendment was written .
but you 're so dumb that you actually think it ca n't happen here
more interesting than anora or celene would feel about henry viii is what they 'd feel about about queen elizabeth i who has been cited by the devs as inspiration for celene elizabeth of russia and catherine the great .
these are women that ruled their countries into golden ages and are generally regarded as the best monarchs of their countries even though they also committed atrocities and war crimes and made blunders those are usually ignored .
i bet they would capitalize the hell out of it especially the heirless part with queen elizabeth i and elizabeth of russian since neither celene or anora is likely to get an heir of the body .
also i feel like the french revolution and the russian one would be something that every monarch would be like 👀 and go fuck fuck change everything right now .
similarly i think they would unfortunately look at the discovery age and colonisation and go i want some of that please . ''
as for fictional stories i think some would be more intrigued with sci-fi than necessarily fantasy .
sure fantasy hits closer to home but sci-fi is such an expansive genre that tackles 'human ' concepts and morality with some detachment that it i feel would gain a lot of traction .
reverse imagine https www.google.com/search ? sa=g hl=en_gb tbs=simg caqs9qej-k-klsoozvga6qelelcmpwgaowo5caqsfkab6akskfimhs6cn8ks3c64lpedghswxdcdw4-v9fz2ihiqjmz4fhnljv0gaxcyhw4gbtaedasqjq7-cbokcggiarienvdqqwwlej3twqkaiaekgqogcnviymxl2qwi9gmlcgkvbs8wohfyd24kggoizglzyxn0zxlapyj2awokcc9tlzayoghociakdhdpcmugzmvuy2luz9qlipyddaokl20vmgg4egrxmqowcgrjaxr52qwi9gmkcggvbs8wmw4zmgovcgnmb2fapyj2awokcc9tlzbnmno4da q=rubble tbm=isch ved=2ahukewjjl-q-rap5ahxlqvedhcm9cjcqwg4oahoecaiqna biw=1920 bih=937 dpr=1 shows several uses of it the last 2 days .
yeah my favorite part was when she screamed i 'm gon na binah '' and then binah 'd so hard it nearly went straight through one of my agents
ferrari simply do not know how to run an f1 team anymore
especially since bitcoin and eth are about to complete a merger .
hey guys did you know that in terms of male human and female pokémon breeding vaporeon is the most compatible pokémon for humans ?
not only are they in the field egg group which is mostly comprised of mammals vaporeon are an average of 3 '' 03 ' tall and 63.9 pounds .
this means they 're large enough to be able to handle human dicks and with their impressive base stats for hp and access to acid armor you can be rough with one .
due to their mostly water based biology there 's no doubt in my mind that an aroused vaporeon would be incredibly wet so wet that you could easily have sex with one for hours without getting sore .
they can also learn the moves attract baby-doll eyes captivate charm and tail whip along with not having fur to hide nipples so it 'd be incredibly easy for one to get you in the mood .
with their abilities water absorb and hydration they can easily recover from fatigue with enough water .
no other pokémon comes close with this level of compatibility .
also fun fact if you pull out enough you can make your vaporeon turn white .
ungodly defense stat high hp pool acid armor means it can take cock all day all shapes and sizes and still come for more .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
we had one of our first dates here such great food and wonderful service .
i live at 308 negra arroyo lane albuquerque new mexico 87104 .
if you 're watching this tape i 'm probably dead– murdered by my brother-in-law hank schrader .
hank has been building a meth empire for over a year now and using me as his chemist .
shortly after my 50th birthday he asked that i use my chemistry knowledge to cook methamphetamine which he would then sell using connections that he made through his career with the dea .
i always thought hank was a very moral man and i was particularly vulnerable at the time – something he knew and took advantage of .
i was reeling from a cancer diagnosis that was poised to bankrupt my family .
hank took me in on a ride-along and showed me just how much money even a small meth operation could make .
i did n't want my family to go into financial ruin so i agreed .
hank had a partner a businessman named gustavo fring .
and when i tried to quit fring threatened my family .
fring was able to arrange – uh i guess ...
i guess you call it a hit '' – on hank and failed but hank was seriously injured .
and i wound up paying his medical bills which amounted to a little over 177,000 .
working with a man named hector salamanca he plotted to kill fring .
the bomb that he used was built by me and he gave me no option in it .
i have often contemplated suicide but i 'm a coward .
i wanted to go to the police but i was frightened .
hank had risen to become the head of the albuquerque dea .
to keep me in line he took my children .
my wife had no idea of my criminal activities and was horrified to learn what i had done .
i hated myself for what i had brought upon my family .
recently i tried once again to quit and in response he gave me this .
walt points to the bruise on his face left by hank in blood money . ''
i live in fear every day that hank will kill me or worse hurt my family .
all i could think to do was to make this video and hope that the world will finally see this man for what he really is .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
i routinely send patients from our clinic to hospital by private vehicle now that i never would have previously .
you dare insult the limbless hero of the glade of dreams ?
there use to be a bug where if you timed it right it doubled the speed
once you reach fishman island ull find a surprising truth about fishmen .
does n't mean i 'm saying that one is false or true though .
it is when people act like it 's a totally new thing that came out of the blue .
i 've never heard anyone complain once about healing before rey used it .
i have a tattoo in the honor of this poem thanks to a movie .
if anyone has n't seen candy with heath ledger and abbie cornish i 10/10 recommend
swept to the back of the closet like everything else that paints us as anything other than being the good guys .
saul used his scam artistry only to make sure the guys who recognized him will never rat him out without getting arrested themselves .
but at the end he took no pleasure in ripping off the mall or making that easy money .
i think it shows that he 's finally left slippin ' jimmy '' behind .
that being said it was n't a great episode .
a pug or french bulldog as a service dog ?
i 've yet to meet a pug who could breathe normally not to mention their other problems with bones and organs tongue and eyes and over heating
he 's literally homeless right now and trying to get with a girl that 's 10 years younger .
you said you feel guilty but are you sure it 's not excited or something ?
your dad will probably kick him out if you tell them and you should n't feel guilty about hiding it .
you 're super young and sound pretty naive i would not date him at all
i think the fanatics are like pest control and dave is a cockroach because he can not die if you stepped on him
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukrainerussiareport if you have any questions or concerns .
other than that moment that guy 's videos are actually pretty good
idk where that part came from unless he listened to welcome old so many times he started liking it like i did
100 red bull looks like they were under the influence
i have n't seen any marked improvement currently at 12800 miles .
it 's been pretty consistent at about 24 mpg hwy 23.7 to 24.2 depending on conditions but given that it 's a 0.5 mpg difference it 's not affected much for me specifically as i 've seen others mpgs vary wildly and about 19 city assuming that autostartstop is available 18.7 to 19.6 17.4 to 17.9 with autostartstop disabled i knew the lights were long but that difference definitely puts it in perspective lol currently headed to california and i got 24.6 mpg from florida to missouri and missouri to texas houston got 23.8 mpg fun fact i get better gas mileage when it 's raining and as i 've stated in another comment i got 20.8 mpg doing 85 for 6 hours on my way to el paso from houston and then i got 18.9 mpg doing 85 mph for 5.5 hours on the second half .
so i kinda see the variance here but the second half was definitely windy af like swinging me 2 feet to the right type windy af .
the babysitters coven by kate m. williams might be up you alley
i 'm having a hard time bc this is the second time through and i thought i learned my lesson years ago .
got home and discovered i was the only one to not go visit the islands off our coast .
right people are rampaging in the comments over a light comment .
tbh it sounds like she was joking around with him
wondering if i can be doing this more efficiently .
i have a keyboard but just use it for chatting and prefer controller for most/all gameplay .
when i 'm switching between crafters like to make something additional i need for a recipe it 's a pain to back out of the crafting log open my character menu switch classes then reopen my crafting log .
any way to speed this up for less menuing ?
it feels very clunky and like i 'm doing something wrong
fui criado pelos meus avós até meus 15 anos .
minha avó sustentou a casa sozinha a minha vida toda com a aposentadoria dela porque negaram a aposentadoria do meu avô alegando que ele abandonou o serviço mentira .
tudo que eles compraram com a vida de trabalho foi uma casinha em teresina no piauí .
um dos filhos deles meu tio convenceu eles a se mudarem para brasília e vender a casa em teresina e mandar o dinheiro para ele comprar uma casa pra eles aqui em brasília em seguida meu tio gastou o dinheiro da casa e eu e meus avós tivemos que morar de aluguel aqui em brasília por um tempo ... . esses dias foram dificeis porque dormimos alguns dias no chão da rodoviária porque não tinha casa para alugar e nem dinheiro .
depois de um tempo voltamos para o piauí porque minha tia conseguiu ajudar eles pagando as mensalidades de uma casinha numa cidade chamada parnaíba .
aside from kane and son i 'd go as far as saying perisic is their best player .
takeuchi 's saber face fetish and nasu 's gigantes fetish combined !
hey r/fountainpens community i was wondering if some of you have recommendations for a high quality inner lined single fountain pen case ?
i have a stunning eureka urushi pen my only custom but since it 's clipless and valuable i tend to leave it unused and i feel a good quality case to keep it protected would give it a lot of function .
for this reason i was wondering if you have a pen that fills this description preferably in brown/burgundy in good quality leather that can be found in europe .
comp pro has a rib bead sight does n't it ?
so please tell me if a new mother gets drafted what then ?
if a single mother of 5 gets drafted what then ?
if both parents of a child get drafted what then ?
and before you start throwing the some men are single parents too card yes but single fathers are extremely rare compared to single mothers and yes if single father gets drafted it should be cancelled .
will you be willing to be taxed extra for drafted women 's period hygiene needs ?
whether it 's supplied to them directly or bought as an additional item to their base shops i love when men start to care about equality when some task is dedicated strictly to them .
i 'm not against women getting drafted however as you can see it 's harder
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=employ-muted
sure you respond to my rebuttles on oil reit 's declining real estate prices and i can entertain your thoughts on interest rates .
record low interest rates with a few small interest rate hikes and you think they 'll start declining again ?
it 's not really rocket science to see where this is going
my guy you ca n't have two mythics and liandry 's is bad because of the mana
this is how people who want to recruit you into a mlm speak
a grand over a year is n't bad really .
again my current one i 've had three years and has including the not done 4k been roughly 6k .
i live in humid al and he says the only ac thing is having it swapped to the modern refrigerant as it 's on the old system
incredible how i can see the different tones of the light it makes me wonder if he is looking at a beautiful landscape
i am the walrus is very weird but it fits with their psychedelic style .
wild honey pie is just random and borderline disturbing in my opinion and is their weirdest song .
in my opinion it also beats dizzy miss lizzy for their worst song .
i 'm so sorry you had to go through that .
jw and other cults are a haven for abusers on several levels .
i think saying it 's better is n't really fair .
it 's playing a completely different game than dc and marvel .
i find the show a lot more entertaining than marvel shows and dc movies but it 's also spoofing the genre and is more of a social commentary .
i will say i like the boys and invincible way more than any marvel or dc project .
that 'll be left to the civil servants that the tories are endlessly slagging off .
thank for your submission in r/chubbygirlsgw a body positive sub for chubby bodies and those that love them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubbygirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
is n't this the waterfall that sokka paints in the last season of avatar the last airbender ?
i mean i think he should give us some demos off off of patreon to listen to ya kno ?
seeing how he does n't actually sing in rehearsal or they cut out or turn his vocals down when they 're listening to a demo which is pretty fucked if you ask me
long meta answer is omg no how could you ? !
omg you did n't build a mountain base ? !
i have this mod that let 's me build a freezer robot anime girl with rabbit ears who cooks and cleans ''
i completely understand that beat matching can be a challenge for some in the beginning but honestly the best way to learn is by ear do n't get caught up with using sync or any other crutch to beat matching even more complex music can be more challenging but you need to challenge your abilities and set goals if we constantly find easy ways to do things the brain gets lazy .
i am not sure what genre of music you are into or if you may have a hearing imparity that needs some form of assistance which would be understandable mind you if this is n't the case find other solutions to your problem with beat matching set goals and practice as much as you can .
if it takes you a little longer to learn the process than so be it .
no one should be passing judgment on you unless they are in secure with them selfs not to mention cocky djs do n't usually last long in the industry before they piss the wrong promoters off !
just saying i have seen it all and in order to survive in this industry it 's mostly about being professional !
i started out in a small club setting back in 1991 with two 1200 's and one of pioneers first 4 chanel mixers back than we did n't obviously have all the technology we have today and if you knew how to beat match and put together a great set you would be playing at any venue with in the region if not all over the country and eventually the world mind you djing was n't really as popular as it is today it was something to inspire to and it was definitely one of the greatest challenges of my younger years but i kept practicing and before i knew it i was one of canada 's go to djs always playing clubs party 's live to airs on radio to eventually being recognized by some of the most popular djs and producers of the era .
i am not trying to sound conceded because i have done my time i have had a great experiences and to be honest i am comming to an age where i just ca n't go like i did in my prime over the last 30 years .
what i am trying to say is do it right if this is what you truly want than you have to work at it and as hard as it is nowadays to be at the center stage and be in the spotlight the harder you work to progress your skills the farther you will go in this overwhelmingly commercialized entertainment industry that has blown out of proportion over the last 20 years or so !
be honest with your self never forget where you have come from and remember no one is perfect we all make mistakes and do be afraid to talk about it no your place be respectful and the world is yours for the taking .
i truly wish you all the best 👍 i believe you have the skills to accomplish your dreams now go out there and challenge yourself to be the best you can be !
maybe someday down the road we will cross paths and you can tell me all about your adventures at that point i will probably be techno great grandaddy but hey at least i will be able to say hey i told you you could accomplish your goals and dreams if you worked hard at !
fuck yea grandpa salmon with the brussels sprouts here i come
the jobs market still favors workers despite fears of an economic slowdown
which is why so many plutocrats are screaming about recession and inflation .
which is exactly what trump predicted as i recall .
something along the lines of after a year of biden gas prices will 5/gallon and we will be at war again . ''
add it to the list of things to explicitly discuss before you play !
but there are still large interest in thin and big girls .
i dont think outside of fat most men really care anough to deny you over being thin or thick .
thick tends to come with bigger boobs bigger muscular thighs typically a nicer butt .
thin comes as is with a chance of nice body parts but some men just prefer the lack of big tits or fat butt .
i cant speak for men who like big or fat girls .
it kinda look good if u look at it from another dinension
i was editing my reply as you sent this lol .
makes things a bit easier since as much as i would like kain i 'd prefer an ex+3 reberta .
why am i getting simpsons comic book guy vibes from matt ?
probably your warranty page then there is a parts link .
you 'll probably want to look at the compatible parts lists since you want a different battery than it came with .
hey if you have n't already please reply to this comment with your positions and what led you to enter or exit them !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallstreetbets if you have any questions or concerns .
not here to get into that type of convo .
titles need to include your gender first then followed by your age in a title tag like f18 or m18 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/canberransfw if you have any questions or concerns .
the best and only jet skis are made by kawasaki .
he 's in limbo waiting for you to pull him back .
make sure the hored is gone using your other character and then load your hero back in
if she had n't stopped him he was going to bake her cooch at 300 for 15 minutes
you should finish off the pan handlers of florida and idaho
i do n't care how long it takes we will eventually introduce woolie to dalinar somehow .
how do you know what the rentoid is hiding of yours if you do n't employ half a dozen off duty prison guards to shake down your property during your weekly inspection ?
last week one of them dumped out a night stand and found me 5.89 that the rentoid was trying to keep from me .
i 'm not even familiar with the song i just love the idea of you two just swaying together in the aisle with the extension cords and smart home gadgets .
blast and co just redirected the energy from the clash of saitama 's and garou 's fists .
this is also what launched them to jupiter 's moon .
we had a person who we initially contacted through a service .
citing how expensive it was to use the service she had us pay her directly .
we had her come in more than once a month and i even took her kid to the library so she could come with mom and not be bored .
i even gave her money for cigarettes though looking back i have no idea why i did that .
anyhow to the story about why you need to report it .
now these were n't just any coins it was n't any normal coin collection .
we had given my grandfather a plant with 80 susan b anthony silver dollars .
in pure granddad fashion he wound up putting some in an envelope with each of our names and giving it back to us .
i do n't remember how many there were before but this family heirloom that had actual personal significance was bled dry probably to pay for her smokes .
cleaning people who are also thieves need to be stopped before something important goes missing .
and you opinion is that a very large portion of this community is super toxic '' .
that is an attack on the community biased and unproven making you just toxic and wrong .
being built like a brick has its uses being built like a brick with a very angry toad launching nukes is disgusting .
an army of 2 able to delete entire swarm of rats chaos or whatever cross their path
unfortunately while russian troops are n't great at hitting the enemy they are traditionally quite good at shooting their own troops in the back as they try to run away .
i mean that 's literally how it works mr john .
j. filippelli does n't just ring people the week before the series and ask if they 're free
does this mean we all get to live now or just the 100m people lucky enough to be designated ?
did you look at them when you went to dinner
awesome art but it 's actually the tevatron at fermilab https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fermilab !
😃 you can see wilson hall in the background .
source i am a former particle physicist who worked on the lhc .
come to think of it imagine if total war games had inflation ?
it would have been better if you dixie94 had typed 1 is more then than anyone instead .
if you think the errors which i found are incorrect please contact me through dms !
wherever you live look up alternatives teacher certification . ''
many many states and districts now over alternative certification paths for people who have a bachelor 's degree in something other than education
yeah i do n't think that would accomplish anything .
people would still be lighting fireworks consider how long they 've been illegal in la and last night should give you a better taste of the collective effs given .
no it means that they have the same mom .
did n't god murder some kids in the bible with bears ?
i honestly think most christians have n't a clue on the foundations of their beliefs it 's a mix of instinct and indoctrination of other people 's ideas ideally from 1000 years ago or more .
it was really sad seeing him finding every last defense in hikaru game and losing after .
yes you can use your vignette to re enter until you 've collected your brp .
i read tab first and i 'm glad i did bc it fits with the time-line and you get more insight into celeanas personality .
sinner try not to choke for three sets in a row challenge
acid armor rest ice beam and hydro pump is a crazy good move set .
it should n't be frowned for a woman to want be financially supported .
some of us do not wish to have careers out of necessity .
some have drop in rates others you pay for a 3 month block up front .
go to the most reputable school in your area and show up every day you physically can and pay/do whatever they ask of you
he 's my favourite mandalorian and when i got into collecting black series he was my grail .
picked up the gaming greats version when that came out and i was so disappointed .
weird proportions really wide and stout body long arms terrible and extremely dated articulation and he struggles to stand because of the weight distribution from his odd body proportions the way his boots are shaped and the fact his feet ca n't even turn up past 90 because the shin armour is in the way makes him very hard to stay standing .
the worst offender are the cables attached to his vambraces .
they break off very easily and the fact they made that part of his arm able to swivel independently just made it all the easier for it to break .
if your toy has a part that breaks easily due to its articulation then that 's a critical failure for its engineering and hasbro reused this same sculpt with this same problem twice clone wars loyalist and maul super commando .
one of the promo pics of the maul commando even showed the cables broken .
also side tangent i remember when the gaming greats figure came out disney/hasbro sponsored hellogreedo to make a review on it and he gave it a positive review basically boiling down to my daughter likes to play with it '' .
guy clearly has zero point of reference for action figures and he himself admits it in the video and that really pissed me off because it seems like disney/hasbro preying off his lack of knowledge for a positive review/advertising .
one is heaven and the other is also heaven but with an unlimited supply of root beer floats .
this was the first thing that came up when i searched aspie '' and i identify with it so much .
was searching because i 've recently been berated because apparently the word is offensive and all real '' autistic people are now calling themselves autists instead .
i found no evidence of this but i did find a good meme
yes it is in french but i think there are subtitles .
you get a lot of explanations about the lore and theories using real facts and elements from the story
r/onlyfansnaturallyhot is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnaturallyhot if you have any questions or concerns .
plus they do not have a catchphrase as badass as it 's morbin time ''
after andromeda and to some extent me3 i 'm just cautiously optimistic not over the moon hyped .
you are confusing that with the warriors of chaos rework which will all be flc and accesible if you own the warriors of chaos dlc from game 1 .
i am not disputing but would n't having a paid off condo be helpful for retirement ?
it takes the best parts of multiple games and genres and does n't just mash then together but artfully blends then into something unique .
if they take that passion and vision without compromise this time we will never stop playing it .
so why fly over beirut and terrorise the entire country
lmao bro it 's a window ... . just get it fixed you have nothing to worry about .
cicaplast baume b5 spf 50 from la roche-posay get it .
the boilerhouse in crane lane is great for straddling sweaty men i hear
we know from the goblin with swords and shields that these promotional pictures means nothing .
while there could be roster changes we do n't know if any units are added .
we know there are changes to units but it 's probably abilities and similar as per the qa with ben the designer on discord last week .
her main accounts have gotten banned for a multitude of reasons so the accounts you 're finding are smaller back up accounts .
if you read through the thread you 'll understand why she is problematic .
pizza and fries are two of my favourite foods .
when you put them together you have this cheesy pizza fries with curly fries for that extra special touch !
deep fried crispy curly fries are topped with homemade no-cook pizza sauce mozzarella cheese and pepperoni baked to create the ultimate pizza experience over fries !
cut one edge of the potato so it is flat .
attach the flat side of the potato to the spokes of the spiralizer and secure the potato .
you can do a continuous spiral to create long spirals or shorter ones to create small ones .
alternatively use a knife to adjust the length as desired .
soak the potatoes in cold water for at least 15-20 minutes .
grab a large bowl and create the batter by whisking flour cayenne pepper garlic powder onion powder salt and pepper together .
then add water little bit at a time and whisk until you have a thick pourable smooth batter .
heat the oil for frying in a large wok or pot aim for a temperature between 375 f and 400 f on medium heat .
dip each curly fry and dip in the batter .
let any excess drip away and then place this battered portion on the baking sheet .
once the oil is hot add the battered fries to the oil and fry until they are golden brown crispy outside and soft inside .
this can take between 8-15 minutes depending on the level of doneness you desire .
mix together passata olive oil oregano salt garlic and chilli flakes if using .
make the sauce ahead of time to intensify the amount of flavour .
in a casserole add a generous amount of curly fries .
add all of the tomato sauce around the fries you do n't need to coat each an every fry just dot it around the casserole .
tear small pieces from the provolone slice and arrange that around the casserole .
place the casserole under the broiler and cook until the fries have warmed up and the cheese has melted and browned slightly about 5-7 minutes .
this is an actual job that needs to be done people should be able to support themselves when working it .
looking like someone you could drink a beer with is no longer enough
castile 's last words were i 'm not pulling it out '' before being shot in front of his girlfriend and her young child .
the officer was sacked and castile 's family won a multi-million wrongful death lawsuit .
we 're talking about a guy that was being polite compliant and following the law even volunteering information .
the officer had pre-determined castile was a violent threat and no amount of clear communication would 've cooled down a poorly-trained panicking sociopath that believes they 're above the law .
if you 're suggesting it 's castile 's fault he was killed well the court disagrees with you which was the point of the wrongful death suit .
it was actually a deep red with tones of nude .
simple charge as much as you can for the entrance charge 20 for umbrellas if you get any rain and do not repeat do not build restrooms .
guests who have to pee will leave and new guests with empty bladders will spawn .
also build a lot of small thrill rides and roller coasters to attract more guests .
motion simulators rotodrops whoa belly 3d cinemas ... the more the better .
i agree having the top part of my foot exposed would help ease that blunt chop of the start of this shoe
nah beating brock did mean something having seth crying in a corner as a top babyface on raw at the time because bray had a slipknot mask and spooky music killed seth run .
min maxing is a perfectly valid way to play but what is n't is insisting everyone else at the table play your style if they do n't want to .
if you do n't like the game if the dm wants to dm an rp heavy game then that is n't the table for you and that 's ok .
nothing wrong with playing at a rule of cool table or a table full of rules lawyers nothing wrong with replaying a cr game beat for beat if you want .
not every game is going to be for you and that is ok go find a game that is .
or accept that the people you are playing with are doing something different and be like our lone min maxer at a table of rpers and cheer them on when they do something cool rping and they 'll cheer you one when you do something cool in combat to save their asses .
that 's why i go to the movies for .
i do n't want them to make shitty stories then make some random characters diverse and then think of themselves as champions for progress .
it seems to me that you ascribe wokeness '' to movies you do n't like or bad movies and ignore wokeness in movies you do like .
showing a gay relationship on screen was the entire point of brokeback mountain .
they explicitly wanted to make a film showing an aspect of society that had been ignored in film to that point .
but you do n't have a problem with that because it was a good film .
it 's not the wokeness that makes a film bad it 's the writing acting and directing .
you can a good film that still makes an effort to be inclusive .
came back at the very end of legion and have been chasing that vanilla/tbc feeling ever since .
my men over at epic meal time are worshipping this guy
it 's possible to transfer terminals without going through immigration if you are simply making a connection .
i am in fairfax va i could buff that thing for you and give you guys some tips on how to do it .
man i might actually play offline this year outside of just grinding badges .
well 2 years ago ssj3 goku and majin vegeta were on wwdc banner i do expect them
when she was born she was really little 6lbs 1oz 17.8in and toni did n't seem to fit her so i started calling her annie and everyone else followed me .
she goes mostly by annie now not many know her by anything else .
you 're describing a co-op of which there are only double digits in the entire country .
i think as a species we 'll be short-lived .
the question is how many other species we 'll kill before we go extinct ourselves .
if it 's a couple weeks do n't worry about it .
had one where i drank 4 slammers because nobody else was .
i could n't aim but i was using the flamethrower
due to a spam problem all cross-posts are currently being held in a queue .
this post will be manually checked and released if it is deemed ok. you do n't have to do anything further however you can contact the mods if you think there 's a problem or your post has been stuck for more than 24 hours without appearing in the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/traphentai if you have any questions or concerns .
i dont think they will change stuff about pvp anytime soon .
maybe there comes an arena with one of the dlcs but i highly doubt i will buy that because the pvp is just not fun with all the broken weapons and skills .
hade en bädd soffa som var skit skön att sova i men hård som sten att sitta på finns ju extra sängar som är helt okay men de jag sovit på genom åren låter förjävligt när man vänder sig .
the ccs connector is a bulky massively inferior standard .
the man says enough garbage when he 's serious but when he 's trying to be funny he truly turns into an insufferable fool .
at this point govt should ask my employer to not pay me any money and send everything to them as income tax plus gst .
sab kuch to loot macha rakhi h is govt ne
the supreme court is n't the constitution i do n't think you know how law works .
if supreme court cases were constitutional rights then roe v wade could n't have been overturned without an ammendment to the constitution .
legal rights and constitutional rights are very different things .
chris liebing sets uploaded by himself get put through a quick mastering chain by him which creates a beefy clean sound for every set .
anson mount has impossibly high charisma in that role he does such a good job .
i 've seen a lot of fan movies in my time but this one surpassed all my expectations beyond levels i did n't even think were possible brilliant work .
is n't a bug entitled to the sweat of their own brow
by right kind of muslim '' do you mean sunni vs shia etc ?
which is kind of a funny caveat to have .
when i went there my religion requirement was fulfilled by one 3 credit hour class called world religions. i learned the basics of judaism islam buddhism and christianity .
every other class i took had nothing to do with religion .
if this is his method of coming out and pledging to defend marginalised communities then he has my full support .
i hope as many liberals can absolutely baptise this brave guy as possible .
you ever see him you know what to do boys !
make it look like ghostbusters 2 up in that motherfucker
remember to follow all rules this applies to comments as well !
if you like this post do n't forget to upvote to show your support !
additionally show your support for the countryball team by visiting our social media sites !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/countryballs_comics if you have any questions or concerns .
i doubt even aleek would let her get that wasted if she were really pregnant .
having subs on durring movies in languages i understand irritate me .
it takes my eye off the screen and distracts me from the beauty of the movie .
niggas who out the loop should n't even comment cause that right there shows me you do n't kno wtf u talking about lol
it is legal in more than half the usa fyi
it 's pretty common i think although idk i do n't pay too much attention to reloads but that looks normal .
a couple patches ago her fast reloads when from being normal reloads that are faster to the same speed but more unique animations for said fast reloads .
typical sequence to hit these in the daily elite poi zerg runs is imperial palace ebonscale scorched mines shattered mtn myrkgard shattered mtn malevolence edengrove eternal pool reekwater siren 's reekwater .
they need to stop letting her produce the scenes she basically is pushing the narrative all the time manipulating storylines yet lvp was the bad one🤔 the way she treated sutton was disgusting .
and to laugh about erica swearing at garcelle 's son clearly her and dorit and their twit husbands wanted another funny scene like last year laughing at tom with his operation but it 's backfired massively .
they need to clean shop get rid of kyle rinna erica and dorit
all good credentials in the past and currently ca n't be removed from the team because of popularity even though they 've been horrible with recent form .
no individual is important because it 's a team game .
we lost too many good and important matches while tendulkar wanted to get 100 hundreds and 200 test matches .
and he was playing either too slow or was n't contributing much at that time .
same with kohli we are just on the edge and about to repeat the same mistakes 11 years down the line .
i 'm considering finding an stl and just 3d printing the pieces i want .
der sidder nok en kommunaldirektør eller to der ville tage gladeligt imod samme mulighed .
i think the acc and pac-12 are getting too much blame to change the contract you needed all the p5 and g5 conferences and i think norte dame is a party to that to say yes and each one had a difference agenda so i doubt it was going to happen .
i think most of the p5s wanted power 5 auto bids but the aac said the p5 auto bids was a non starter https sports.yahoo.com/aac-commish-wont-support-12-team-playoff-with-automatic-bids-for-power-five-champs-210954420.html .
so it is not all the acc and pac-12 fault .
one was 12 teams with top 6 champs out of the conferences as auto bids to the conferences whether they were p5 or g5 locked in .
which would allow more g5 access you could have two or more g5 in an overachieving year .
but there was push back by the p5s to have p5 champs as auto bids and top finishing g5 champion as the 6 auto bids and the 6 open wild card bids .
also there was talk of 8 team playoff with 6 autobids p5s champs and top g5 champions plus two wild cards .
i think there was a 6 team too bottom 4 play each other to play the top 2 .
that would have generated the least amount of money but was more likely to keep the bowls in the loop .
the g5 conferences wanted more access the p5s wanted auto champ locks so there was a deadlock so i remember the acc commish said it was time to move on .
yes i think the sec commish basically said they would have voted for either 12 team option and were upset that expansion was n't going to happen .
it was n't going to happen you were n't going to get everybody on board .
do n't forget to include your geographical location and something to show scale when posting buggy questions .
i actually went thru the trouble of sorting thru the frass to create this list .
i post it whenever i encounter a buggy post .
if any of you in the hive-mind '' are aware of a sub that i have missed that is 'id friendly ' let me know .
note for you guys that appreciate the labor that went into creating this list .
issue that 's affected both sides since since winter war .
collies are just feeling it harder bc of higher pop but this is n't a faction unique issue .
and if we know buffalo is on his no-trade list why go down the trade negotiation road with them ?
u/yvnglifelover please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationship_advice
1. to find out why this post was removed and
please note that queries regarding the removal of the post will not be answered unless they come from u/yvnglifelover .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i should clarify the age range i 'm referring to is more 30-35 and not strictly tech but generally yuppies who were allowed to work remotely .
so while most are still working remotely there was probably always a caveat that they were expected to return .
i broke my femur a few years ago and my leg snapped in basically the same way .
everything is the same only difference is that the second move has blue flames and the kurama clones are darker in colour
however while i know it 's a significantly smaller percentage i do n't think we should castigate or chastise the admittedly few women who are comfortable remaining single for much longer than most or even forever .
i have significantly more respect for the woman who is n't so needy she needs to marry like the fifth guy she 's ever dated if that and then settles '' w a person they are n't completely happy with even if it does n't end up in divorce and in hindsight would do things differently despite never admitting it .
a wise friend told me he 'd never marry until his potential partner and himself separately had proven they 'd come to terms and were at peace with the idea of being alone indefinitely even if that meant forever .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah holy shit i had to take a break while reading this one it really got to me .
except that you 're ignoring the fact that the outside world would still have committed genocide on paradis .
in mikasa 's dream before killing eren from chapter 138 eren escaped with her and never got to do the liberio attack but the outside world still decided to eradicate all eldian lives and they were on the verge of starting their attack while eren was talking to mikasa .
so buddy your whole argument is clearly debunked by the manga itself sorry bout that😂
faq https www.reddit.com/r/saucesharingcommunity/wiki/index/saucesharingbot subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/saucesharingcommunity executed manually and enslaved by u https www.reddit.com/user/kei-kazuki
it can be a bit cheesy as a grown up .
but the way you can level your characters and make anyone anything is pretty cool .
not a lot of games actually provide that much freedom of choice .
dw for the spoil i 'm too broke to buy the dlc and with my poor memory i 'll probably forgot soon x
i 'm glad it felt good for you to be back .
the only time we see him and eddie interact it 's eddie being a massive jackass
hello u/issaknight your post was removed as a low effort post because it had insufficient text as contribution from you to start off an interesting discussion .
please consider reposting after adding a few lines to the text section of your post .
if you are asking a question trying adding a few details to your query after ensuring that it is not already answered in the faq https www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/wiki/faq .
if you feel that there has been a mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmarvelstudios so that they can manually check your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marvelstudios if you have any questions or concerns .
everyone on here who i 've gotten into heated arguments over konch with over the last three years who insisted he was n't an nba player and he 'd be out of the league by now from the bottom of my heart suck me from behind
how old was the person to say he was young ?
this is why i think slapping a kids ass is soo fucking weird .
my guess is that this person probably already had a prior oral hsv1 infection and was probably immune to it when you gave them oral sex with a cold sore .
you interpret it as if it was some sort of space collonialism .
the clan left it and managed to bring all valuables with them .
sure it looked like they gave up their nomadic life and had to settle down on a planet .
which by the way will happen again in the future .
the players decided to give the debris back and to repair it .
and they made it into an ideological way of life '' narrative .
but in reality we booted them out from known space .
this song would be incredible to use in a sort of badass scene where jimmy has a proud moment and walks with his head high possibly to represent himself legally again as the promo poster sort of implies or maybe to confess to his past crimes either way this song and its tone could make for a profound moment that sets up the finale maybe they use it maybe they do n't but it would be so cool
and years later we learn that he knows of chase 😭😂
and no worries anyone else worried will see at least
of fuck yeah ... i would suck her tits then fuck her right in the elevator
víctor raúl haya de la torre under persecution by the dictatorship of manuel odría was accepted into the colombian embassy and remained there for 5 years because the odría did n't want to give him a safe passage as a refugee of colombia .
the dispute between both countries reached the international court which colombia ended up winning and so became an important precedent for political asylum .
no worries i got used to all the d ifferences .
today i also learned that trump 's wife is evil .
oil prices were rising long before putin lifted a finger
did you forget exodia exists and most likely sees tons of casual play ?
sadly no which i do n't undertstand because it seems to have all of them .
the one i 'm talking about was shared on instagram pages all over in i believe august last year .
i ca n't seem to find any of those posts again though .
it was like squidward would turn his head to spongebob and suspensful music would play and you would n't be able to make any while he looked then when he turned his head spongebob continued making them .
people seem to have saved a ton of these ads so it should be found soon .
these are some of the worst pictures from the war i 've seen ...
gas prices are going down for now should be below 4 in nj today at least
i i 've got see my family you know i have n't seen them in forever
i would love to buy a ticket but i 'm not sure if i can get a flight at the airport
they could not be more important in the current environment .
no one use the world apple for a computer or phone .
i would say anyone should be able to sell a mac as it is a synonym to a computer .
however that is of course up to a court to decide based on market research .
i do n't agree foreigners should n't be able to make and sell karjalanpiirakka .
i love how the anime just throws you right into the story and explores luffy 's character from an outside perspective — koby .
the sense that we 're viewing luffy 's story from a third person is established immediately and allows you to meet him just as everyone else in the series does .
their interactions make for a great first impression of our main character .
there 's also the sense of tension and excitement that 's heightened when the audience does n't know what who is going to pop out of that barrel or when especially since it takes some time to get to that point .
that being said i hate how the anime adapted the first chapter and wish they were more faithful .
anime-onlys first learn how luffy received his under-eye scar hundreds of episodes in during a reanimated version !
you never even get to see luffy setting out and punching the lord of the sea !
as someone who saw the anime first i really appreciate its opening .
if they 'd accurately depicted the flashback i 'd like it a lot more .
that 's possible but it 's not an assumption we can make based on the info provided by op .
no because op suspiciously started his arrows on the roundabout .
i 'd prefer to assume that people are n't lying when they make such posts
it 's not a lie it 's an omission of a detail .
and we 're sure he omitted that detail there 's no arrow going onto the roundabout and we 're sure he went onto the roundabout somehow so we know he omitted something .
i do n't feel like we should assume anything about what he omitted so it 's wrong to just assure op he 's in the right .
he might be in the wrong as well we do n't know .
my pissed moment was jay getting electrocuted in the island shorts and hunted if vengestone negates elemental resistance .
yes they are not gods we are not we are not .
dolphins will actually rape divers they ram their 15 inch penis into the poor guy and the diver usually suffers bad injuries or dies .
if you 're born to german parents they make you german and do n't revoke your citizenship if you never learn .
i love prediction/speculation/gambling markets and like most of us i feel like i should be donating more time and money to good/charitable causes .
i 'm trying to wrap my head around how much moral credit i can take for joining them and whether putting money in them can actually be called charitable .
if i invest wisely and make enormous returns am i lying to myself if i tell myself how charitable i 've been as i spend the profits on myself ?
if i have a mediocre track record and i roughly break even have i done anything other than add admin overheads to the charity world ?
especially if someone else is buying my donation and giving the money back to me ?
if i make terrible predictions and lose all of my money that feels the most charitable .
i 've given all of my money to charity and got nothing in return and no later charitable giver has substituted their money for mine .
but nothing of value has been done and no one has been helped so it seems silly to claim moral credit here !
if i 'm a good predictor/speculator and i make a profit i 'm adding value .
but if i 'm capturing most of that value am i just providing a service to the charities rather than doing a charitable act myself ?
all of this may be academic in my case appendix i-a makes it sound like this will only be open to people from the us in the first instance
why would there be video of the previous interaction ?
do you film all your fast food interactions just in case someone tells you to shut up ?
she could have been rude previously idk but that does n't always work out that way .
som senior ux-designer jobbar jag i praktiken med lika delar organisationsutveckling processutveckling och produktutveckling .
die zecken holen die sich ausschließlich im wald und nicht von der wiese .
keine ahnung was mit deiner wiese falsch ist aber es stimmt schon das du dort eigentlich keine zecken hast .
fängst du mit eingeben wahrnehmung als gesetzt an ist die erde auch noch flach weil warst du mal im all und hast die kugel gesehen ?
did n't even think it was in use i saw it as a great example on why not to pick locks in use
if this was his best performance of the season i 'm not very impressed but 12m is worth a punt i guess
hey u/rubiblu thank you for your post at r/autism .
if you do not see your post you can message the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fautism .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/autism if you have any questions or concerns .
i was looking for this haha definitely thought it was a pic of ian harding as i was scrolling .
i think skill drain should turn their deck off but only after they used up their normal summoning and you chain to it otherwise they could tribute summon using the skill drain according to a spell of theirs they can tribute using one of your cards i think
if this is a medical emergency please call emergency services as soon as possible !
disclaimer the information provided on this subreddit is for educational purposes only and does not substitute for professional medical advice .
we strongly advise you to consult a medical professional or healthcare provider if you 're seeking medical advice diagnoses or treatment .
anyone providing advice on this subreddit is not liable for risks or issues associated with using or acting upon the information provided .
please make sure you have included in your post your country of residence age sex race height weight diagnosed medical conditions prescriptions or supplements and dosages drug use including marijuana smoking status duration of complaint the issue you 've been having and your specific question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
also with 3× systems you cant ride you smallest chainring and smalles cog at the same time .
if you 're able to provide your match a few years of stay abroad you 'll get good matches though worse than if you would provide permanent residence and help them securing job .
it 's not a personal failing on your part .
he likely got tired of wining and dining you looks like he has n't had to do all that with her .
changing her whole life shows extremely poor/non-existent personal boundaries which is the ultimate narc bait .
although reading this has me worried for my friend .
she met a guy he was moving in after 2 weeks engaged after 5 and i think they 're marrying this month .
i know for certain she 's gon na get abused but right now she 's blinded by it all .
idk what to do or if there 's anything i can do .
i 'm grateful to my parents for giving me everything i have and for becoming who i am .
but still you do n't really owe her anything besides respect of course if she respects you as well .
trust me you 'll be beating yourself for not choosing to be who you want to be .
starting from small prioritising yourself and gradually increasing that priority is a good start
the burden of proof is on you since you are the one who made such claim its like..
if you are not prepared to do as much im not sure you words carry any weight .
and you even chose to block someone who replied to you with well constructed counter points .
if the player has a great season they get a bargain .
if he 's shit they can refuse him or offer less .
it really does very little for us as the selling club .
you go for an obligation which is basically a delayed sale or no option and look to sell the player off the back of hopefully some good performances .
your art becomes more full when your life is full .
muhammed is there for home grown player reasons i think .
you need 4 player who trained in the club for 3 years before they are 21 or sth like that .
we have muhammed ertugrul arda and ferdi who fit that so they are staying .
we were all something similar at one point or another
he overtook choso as my favorite character 😅 the ending interaction with him trying to check out charles ' manga sealed the deal
primo is more or less guaranteed to start and pg seems like the obvious spot
and still most of spanish residents can not afford to buy all the veggies we need due to the prices
i 'm not convincing him he does n't shudder from it .
i told him it was r pe and left it at that .
i ai n't spending everyday trying to convince him that it was wrong .
but please dont condone peadophile behaviour just because you think it 's okay doesnt mean it is .
a 27 year old women shouldnt even be attracted to a 14 year old .
its predatory behaviour and they need therapy for it .
any women 18 who is caught preying on my children aged 18 i will report and make sure to support my children and tell them the importance of why it 's wrong .
just because my partner feels like it 's okay doesnt mean it is .
brewmaster might be a good start you only have to control 3 units with only 2 with spells and the hero isnt all about the micro so you wo n't lose every game at first
yeah i know we are both just really lazy lol
it was n't changed at the last moment it was showed throughout the entirety of the final arc .
eren made a worldwide call in chapter 123 to all eldians in paradis and in the outside world while painting himself as the villain and allowing the creation of the alliance .
he made the walls crumble without any warning and killed countless paradisians because of it .
he allowed the warriors to keep their powers and kill as many yeagerists/paradisians as they want in chapter 128 and 129 .
well there 's a kid who in a couple years we 'll be told was a good boy who did n't do nothing .
both versions are correct but the second one is rarely used and usually sounds like an order .
я желаю эту женщину implies that someone is supposed to do something about it .
even though linda '' did eventually take care of it the fact that it got so low in the first place makes me concerned that she did n't care enough to fix it until it was past dangerous and getting deadly .
if she ca n't maintain communication so you can be sure that your child is alive that 's a huge problem .
calling and texting multiple times calling ex-mil and then showing up knocking loudly and calling for someone before going in is completely reasonable to me .
it 's not like you went straight from seeing the first notification to using your key to get in .
i think you should 've called 911 as well but i would be launching into a panic attack at that point so it 's understandable that you were more focused on i need to get to my child '' .
again her failing to communicate with you about your child 's health is a huge problem .
at the very least you need to have a talk about that because her sleep is absolutely not more important than you knowing your kid is okay .
me personally i would get a lawyer involved like some other people are suggesting but if you feel like that 's going too far it 's obviously your choice .
i 'm really trying to see this from her perspective as well but i ca n't help but think that if she did n't want you coming in she should 've just had her ringer on simple as that .
her being completely unreachable in an emergency is her own fault and she ca n't really blame you for being so worried .
thanks bohot zaroorat thi iski and btw fuck you nta
a lot of people were skeptical about him and his actions while leaving did n't seem to prove against the allegations .
there 's a few channels and projects that support burning shib .
hi this comment is being automatically posted under your submission to facilitate the tallying of the pay2post donut penalty that r/ethtrader deducts from user donut earnings for the quantity of posts they submit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ethtrader if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah and unfortunately i 'm sure she 'll zoom in on where her bikini top strap is digging in and pushing a tiny bit of fat out .
i started it way back and forgot about it .
men this is a psa eat pineapples if you want the act to become more frequent .
i 've been with my wife for a decade and married for four years and counting .
there is nothing wrong with accepting help this shit is hard .
as long as you feel the person will respect the things you want your time boundaries etc .
my in laws came the first week and a half baby was here my mother came 3 days after they left for a week and then my sister came for 5 days most recently .
in between family flying in friends have stopped by even for just an hour or two to bring me coffee adult conversation and to check in .
and every time my friends offer to help with dishes food or laundry .
i thought i would be the person who wanted nobody here to help me because of bonding with the baby .
but i 've been so happy to have people constantly coming by .
but arent the glitches the fun part of dying light ?
but now you should try to recreate and have some fun fucking around !
i still do n't understand what 's the point of going into someone 's house announced and have the owner randomly be naked lmao .
technically possible because there is only a limited amount of them
there 's this movement almost exclusively among conservatives to treat political ideology as an identity rather than an opinion .
an opinion can be argued against ridiculed or dismissed .
you can respect someone 's right to an opinion but all opinions are n't equal and you do n't have to give equal time to bad opinions .
an identity on the other hand has to be respected and protected .
look at desantis talking about ideology in higher education for example though he 's far from the first conservative to frame it like this .
if you notice that higher education produces more liberals than conservatives the appropriate response ought to be to consider what parts of conservative ideology apparently are n't very good at surviving exposure to an educational environment .
but that would require an ideology to have an intellectual underpinning which desantis 's conservatism does n't have .
so instead he wants to frame it as a type of rights violation as if conservatism is an ethnicity and universities are committing ethnic cleansing .
this is exactly how the recent bright eyes show in portland went .
conor oberst forgot a ton of lyrics and just went silent or skipped huge parts of the song by singing the wrong lyrics .
after about 4 songs he pulled it together but it was still very impersonal and he had a few rambling moments .
not sure why people are n't liking the original the production is absolutely brilliant .
definitely would rather make my own with reall wood pieces .
would n't look as intricate probably but it beats paying 50 for a boardgame with plastic pieces .
i was at my in-laws sunday and i was trying to find the race on youtubetv ?
you think genius it 's turning us into chicks !
and why am i getting turned on as well ! i moan as my last of my male anatomy fades away leaving me as a woman
no vax had it once and took a pretty leisurely week off work walked the dog everyday and at most i was fatigued and had a lil headache .
to add to what others have said vit c vit d and zinc are ace for keeping your immune system healthy against almost all illnesses .
some tits are a perfect 10/10 and some tits are even better .
i 'm too shy even anonymously to go into all the many details of why your breasts are incredible but they are .
sorry you feel self-conscious about your body but trust me when i say that most men would happily spend a lifetime worshipping your body and assuming you 're a good person and partner any man would be unbelievably fucking lucky to do so .
youre conveniently ignoring the biggest factor here amount of notice .
as i said if they tell you 6 months in advance of an extended trip thats plenty of time to find something to fill your time .
but i dont think its fair to expect your full salary for doing nothing when you have plenty of time to fill that gap up .
half your salary to reserve you when they come back ?
if you want full pay offer to do other things while theyre gone like collect the mail check the house water the plants etc .
again as i said if they dont give you much notice thats an entirely different story because no you likely couldnt find another job on such short notice so you should be paid in full .
the part that trips me up is that that lucifer is suppose to be the same one on the show lucifer since they were both based on dc comics .
that 's what i said granted in a more snarky way
i would rely on new features for the game rolling out !
i just started getting my daughters around 8 weeks ...
i listened to the 5 sounds on instagram reels etc.. and i really ca n't differentiate them using that tool though i tried for so long .
however i 've figured out my own way to understand her now so do n't feel bad if you need time to figure it out .
nta what 's is the difference between bucket baths and filling a tub ?
i grew up with bucket baths it 's not unhygienic or anything .
in fact it 's efficient and you clean everywhere you need to .
she is confusing the comfort and relaxation of a spa like shower to the efficiency of a bucket bath
in addition dry skin dry hair faded clothes appliance longevity buildup in pipes .
i was excited to see him back but yeah his comeback has n't been that great .
but in the future and long run would this not have been beneficial for us ?
do n't forget their newest post in here about everything we 've been told about the vaccine is a lie .
or just invite the costing clerk out for drinks after work they see all the actual numbers .
yes my point was that the jumps in that event are not that tall so jump off something taller and an extra 20k points will be easy
sounds like if he stuck around you were in for some serious trouble .
longshot because i have n't seen it but just posting because it involves ventriloquist-style dolls christianity and christmas
is there an example of the falmer having their own culture and/or religion ?
in my experience the 5 are the hardest to find in vf-ef condition because these were heavily
circulated during the depression and 5 was allot of money .
most people could n't put 5 bucks on the side to collect .
i would like an answer to this from kiwis as well .
but in my experience kiwis are polite maybe too polite .
maybe even so polite that a little messy emotion and opening up about things really make them uncomfortable .
i always struggle getting past small talk with kiwis because i feel like i am making them uncomfortable if i try to go beyond that .
aliexpress has some great deals on more expensive scooters like the blade gt or even the vmd-10 .
but it 's not a great place to buy scooters for under 1,000 because the shipping costs are so high that you end up spending almost as much in shipping as you do for the price of the scooter itself .
now you know how she 's able to afford the porsche sailboat and beautiful southern california house .
check out fire in babylon '' if you have n't yet .
that would be quite the let down if hara decides for such a scenario .
dm me for nazi propaganda '' has to be one of the weirder things i 've read .
kris and kourtneys relationship never struck me as mother and daughter
because the only way to build enough housing for everyone who wants to live here is build up which manhattan did a long time ago
there are ways around this ... but they 're not for the faint of heart or the sensible of spelling
it still gets better mileage regardless of the weight .
my fellow americans none of what i 'm talking about infringes on anyones second amendment rights .
i 've said it many times i support the second amendment.
i need to build a heavy duty shelf what wood should i use ?
honestly rhea is n't even played up to be a villain in any route of three hopes everyone just kinda wants her gone because reasons
you need to make sure that you are happy in your workplace .
if you feel unsure take a bit of time and decide where to go from there before you make any rash decisions .
i think eventually cole and redragon turn on the bucks and suddenly mutual hatred brings page and the bucks togther
da ich mich eh nie wieder in ein klassisches beziehungsmodell begeben werde bin nicht der typ dafür gibt es kein fremdgehen also ja ?
i think you must be pretty unaware of roosters and the racket they make at sun up onwards or lack consideration to others to get a rooster when you live in close proximity to others .
plenty of contract based industries require tests like programmers designers copywriters artists consultants etc .
this rant gets posted every month you can read there what people think of this in past posts .
i 'd rather have a 30 min test than a 30 min interview but i can see why people dislike them .
if so then yeah sounds like malk is the correct answer .
imagine how the kids inside felt and were depending on the law enforcement to do their jobs .
literally every comment that starts with on my mom 's birthday which can be seen in your profile can not be read when one clicks through
you only really need to worry about 2 versions sometimes 3 and they 're typically variations on the same theme .
it 's a routing issue to mumbai servers present for years here and it 's worse with mobile isps .
there 's a few inaccuracies with this map such as the sanzu river higan and hakuhyukurou .
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this shitpost should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
do n't know if it 's worth doing that or driving to the branch about 20 minutes away .
didnt starbucks just announce its closing all the union stores down ?
sit that hairy ripe ass on my face and wipe it on my beard so i hold your stink
okay i 'm fine with video tutorials bc need to know where a specific thing is and how to get it in a video game of course
guys guys guys what if right.. no guys listen what if guys what if ... we have all seasons made ... before the first one releases so if the first season is shit.. we wasted our time .
he cried like a little b when his father died and would n't get over it .
it 's the second year in a row that i 've seen something like this but i ca n't find it .
i remember it being pretty good but i ca n't remember the name of the song or the guy who 's playing it .
i think it 's the name of a band or something .
i remember hearing it on a podcast about the new record but i ca n't remember the name .
i would really appreciate it if anyone could help .
i would love to hear the name of the song .
how does it go backwards when the wheels are going forwards ?
i was with my high school gf for my first three years of college .
we primarily dated long distance and i always made large efforts to be there for her and be present even though i was far away .
the summer before my senior year things kind of fell apart she got really distant and just never seemed interested in being around me .
we broke up just a few weeks before my 21st birthday .
i was crushed even if the separation was mutual .
i questioned everything i did in the relationship i reached out to her a few times just confused and i would check her social media profiles constantly .
she ended up with one of her guy friends in early october and was actively posting him on her social channels .
instead of spending my time being bitter getting angry and cursing her i realized that some one who could do that after a 3 year relationship was not someone i should be spending my time focusing on .
she and i clearly were n't on the same path .
in november i started seeing my now finacee in our final year of college .
since then my life has been amazing incredible and more than i ever could have dreamed of and in just 45 days i 'm getting married to the love of my life .
i never would have gotten this opportunity if i spent my time feeling sorry for myself and chasing that comfortability with my ex .
it sucks and you need to let yourself feel these emotions .
but in due time you need to pick yourself up learn from the experience you 've gained and move on to find the right person for you .
this happened with your girlfriend because there 's someone better out there for you that would n't ever consider doing the same .
trust me hold your head high and keep living your life .
things will improve and you 'll find new appreciation for yourself and the person that should actually be in your life .
look into the eyes of the middle one ... she seems off in some way .
now make the two circles into gears and make the crafting circle spin in the opposite direction .
if i were a good man i 'd fuck with you more often than i do
unfortunately in my state ky it 's set by the courts .
a computer program determines the amount based on income and some other factors .
what about the lime bars and the grilled cheeses ?
that is one of the best creepy pastas i 've read .
idk tbh when i started playing i always played online with players who are fiends with 1000 wins and i just learned some tricks over time lol real-time fights are the best way to get better
depends ahri was barely seen at all i would assume kaisa is the new leader .
oh they 'll target trans mascs whenever they become famous due to fears of another male competitor getting something instead of them zero sum game .
they target trans women because women are property to them and as such they 're throwing a tantrum at the property not being up to their liking .
find a local shop and get yourself a nice piece of lingerie or a bodystocking something absolutely trashy .
plenty of ways you can use all that without penetration if you 're icky about doing it on your period .
we do n't know how the rest of the interview went .
i 've definitely had competent programmers flub very simple questions but based on how the rest of the interview went was n't overly concerned about their technical knowledge .
you talk with them bounce ideas off them go through their projects etc .
people are funny and sometimes freeze up about the most random things .
i 've seen people forget their siblings names in a moment of panic .
i 've personally had basic solutions and concepts flee my brain in an interview .
a good interviewer understands that they are n't running a pass/fail test '' they 're performing an evaluation .
well i do n't care for performance but reliability is something i like to hear will look into it !
it seems you are posting content related to price discussion .
please note that this a technology focused sub and all discussions on price market cap as well as trading should be moved to r/dot an independent community not moderated by polkadot developers .
this post will be automatically removed if you believe this to be in error please consider contacting the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/polkadot if you have any questions or concerns .
just clear the proper variable look at the code again .
surely it 's up to canadian immigration to decide if her work there is legal not us immigration .
the us and canadian border agencies share plenty of information with one another .
though to transit through the us to canada you must be eligible for the visa waiver program or you must apply for a transit visa .
to be eligible for the vwp you can not be travelling for work since she was travelling for work she was not eligible for the vwp .
she probably said something along the lines of i 'm travelling to canada to housesit '' in which case the border agent would have asked for the transit visa which she would not have .
the abortion question is an allegation and her story was she asked me between rooms '' which sounds like she was covering her ass in case they actually had video of all the questioning that occurred in the interrogation room .
but yeah ask for some support or something cause this is n't normal at all .
the sweat afterwards and honestly us laughing after we came .
ironically the people who are most invested in maintaining white british purity are those who keep voting for policies that reduce the birth rate
arkadaş edinmenin en iyi yolu kişiden kişiye değişebileceğinden bu sorunun herkese uyan tek bir cevabı yok .
bununla birlikte yeni insanlarla tanışmak ve arkadaş edinmek için bazı öneriler ilgi alanlarınıza uygun sosyal kulüplere veya gruplara katılmayı topluluk etkinliklerine veya toplantılarına katılmayı veya hatta günlük hayatınızda karşılaştığınız insanlarla sohbet etmeye başlamayı içerebilir .
hangi yolu seçerseniz seçin kalıcı dostluklar kurmanın zaman ve çaba gerektirdiğini unutmayın bu nedenle sonuçları hemen görmezseniz cesaretiniz kırılmasın !
i started jiu jujitsu and getting your ass handed to you by literally everyone when you start
i 'm a purple belt and i still get my ass handed to me every single class .
tror jeg vil sige 6-7 års alderen og det kun på baggrund af at det er reglen i de fleste svømmehaller jeg kender hvor jeg ikke må tage min pige med ind til mændende mere..
the 3d is more cache yes the 5900x already has 64mb cache vs the 8mb on 4790k so it was a big boost for minimum fps
reclaiming a slur that oppresses you is n't the same thing .
i 'd day go with the fuel for the tools you plan to use often .
you 'll never say that you wish you had less power .
i use the m18 fuel for my drill and impact .
my sawzall circ saw and grinder are non-fuel since i do n't use that all the time .
i plan to get the fuel sawzall at some point tho .
i also have the m12 fuel drill and impact as well those are great
så må vi håbe anna kan finde lidt trøst i næsesprayen
judging by your username i assume you are from nz .
sorry it 's already gone 😔 i did do 40 btw
why do i feel like most of jordan 's conversations are with make-believe cartoon animals like black noir on the boys ?
i also want to emphasize his friendship with 5000 .
it would benefit mbitious so much because they 're already experienced in the dance scene and also have known each other for long enough to create amazing stage together ! !
i have n't had an email or call about my delayed flight yet and the website has n't been updated either but the rumour is my check in is n't until 9am tomorrow morning so i can get up at a reasonable time if that 's true 🥰
these movies should be only used to wean yourself off siddique movies once you are done with the rest of the movies suggested by others .
not sure if xhaka has underperformed as much as his limitations are blatantly exposed by the premier league .
this is an interesting comment with regard to xhaka .
in your opinion at which points in time was he misused .
while i agree that arteta to his credit has actually got more from xhaka than the other 2 arsenal managers he has played for i am not sure what you mean by ‘turning things around ' ?
go play any shooter with abilities like destiny right now .
overwatch apex valorant all of them far more balanced then destiny .
yeah they go through bad metas but rarely anything as bad as destiny .
you 've been playing destiny so much you 've become destiny brained .
her first special was great and she had this perfect comedic timing but i 've not seen her be anywhere near as good since .
even on a lift i 'm using straps for stability .
i 'd be puckered every turn of the wrench like this .
she went to therapy and was actually doing good .
we went for a good amount of time after that but during the whole time i had no motivation to do anything because i gave her all the attention in life .
in the end she went back to her old ways .
they can have remorse over what they did they can seek help they can change but it only lasts for so long .
they will keep going back to those same actions .
i have nothing but love for my ex and i feel so bad for her to have this mental disorder but you have to let go .
no matter how much you think you can change or help her out you ca n't .
they 're not doing it as a side thing .
they need to make enough profit off of stuff to pay for warehouse space and for their employees to live off of .
they also will charge as much as people are willing to spend .
when you go buy a cup of coffee the coffee shop is charging you like 40x markup on what those beans cost .
i literally take pics of game collection before i buy something 😭😭
and yeah i did n't get the mulder lust either ... he was too pretty/boyish for me i think ?
add to that all the spooky stuff and this science loving nerd just wanted to pat him on the head with a condescending okay mulder. 😆
ebay will let you find a copy for £30 easily .
all other sports games were like this 6 months after release and strikers has even less content than tennis and golf did .
all these sour grapes are so damn delicious for cbj fans lmao .
it literally was a serious emergency and i still contacted my boss and the store manager within an hour .
given the situation most people would forget to do that .
they strip away all relevant context then make a judgement .
if a welfare mom is working who is raising the kid ?
your focus on the welfare like being on welfare is some kind of great thing .
your on welfare because your poor and ca n't take care of your kids without assistance .
it 's not a good deal and it 's a miserable experience for all involved .
the idea that being on welfare is some great experience is delusional .
at my house in upstate ny we generally also only 'need ' ac 5-10 days a year though it is nice to use some other times .
but we also have access to 100 window units that work with our style window.. so it 's a no-brainer .
i 've been using my 100 unit since i bought it when i first started living on my own 12 years ago .
just adding some context flavoring that might explain some of the differences
if you buy the game of the year edition you get all of the dlc except for the newest one which launched before borderlands 3 .
it also needs to be said the difference in scale between the developers themselves .
the majority of their game is not procedurally-generated outside of the gear .
there is a lot of handcrafted content in borderlands 2 .
borderlands 2 gets its length from replayability farming and different play styles .
deep rock galactic gets it 's length from mainly procedural systems .
the reason i brought up all the stuff i did is because of how much they were under selling borderlands 2 's length
safety warning please read before clicking the above link !
you are about to leave reddit and enter a zoom video room .
any participant in the room including the host can record at any time without
if you do not feel comfortable in a room for any reason you
the mods and reddit are not responsible for the actions that take place in zoom
including those of the host not participating not having cam on etc .
do not notify mods regarding hosts who take actions that you do n't like unless
they are one of the banned actions such as drugs soliciting minors etc .
by clicking this post 's zoom link you agree to the above terms .
no link posting in the comments or you will be banned unless you are op
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayzoom if you have any questions or concerns .
i was in high school and friends with twin brother/sister that i met through my cousins .
for a year we went to the same high school and one day she asked me for a ride home .
when we got there she asked me if i wanted to come in but i needed to pick my girlfriend up a few minutes later and i refused .
i 've had a thing for her for years before that moment and i still think about her to this day .
it 's maine they probably do n't get many so are just unfamiliar with the document .
my notification for 157 just pinged but we 're still at 155 ... curious
the only thing you 're spending that silver on is to unlock the cosmetics early .
i mean look at the public school system in the us and tell me that they are efficient or quality ?
look at the dmv where you renew your license every 4 yrs and tell me that is a model of efficiency ?
i want the government and their perverse incentive the hell away from my kids .
zero accountability zero true incentive to provide quality care and if that wasnt enough zero reason to be fiscally responsible with taxpayer money .
youll be paying for it one way or the other .
in one case youve got control over the situation in the other you will not .
might it cost slightly less if subsidized by all of the other tax payers who do not have children ?
but then you have to contend with all the issues i mention above .
its just inherently a different outlook and world view .
i dont think any less of anyone who disagrees with me .
hell a married someone who disagrees with me on a fair number of these types of opinions i hold .
discourse and friendly disagreement always yields the best solutions .
hcc rare coins in maumee might be able to help .
i think asuma and kurenai got married between the naruto timeskip .
so i 'm the issue since the user interface is lackluster ?
the triple monitor setup screen is uninformed and not streamed line like other sims pcars 1 2 ac and acc .
but hey i 'm the issue even though i looked up videos and used their suggestions and it did n't work due the older version they have .
that is normal the tests in many countries are sti panels that test for 8 sti 's with mgen being just one of the 8 .
my local lab test has 11 sti 's it screens for .
it 's better to get a big panel like that would n't you rather know you do n't have any of the other infections as well ?
i 've had a lot of shit thoughts about myself when i was high that were way to harsh to myself .
buggy if he awakens his fruit could be op 😅 he just detaches your head and floats it underwater
is the test saying you 're 1 or 2 months pregnant ?
cause you 're already showing so ... just how many are in there ?
can tou do 13k caps for the 1k ult 45 ?
spa silverstone interlagos monaco monza suzuka and one in germany hh probably are essential for f1 .
sounds also that you handled this well maybe she 'll come around to see it as you do .
i have n't read the other thread 's comments but do you not think it 's feasible that two people could have the same opinion ?
and just thinking about having to watch one of his movies gets me bored .
yep and anyone can buy an rtl-sdr which go up to 1.7 ghz from rtl-sdr.com and buy or build a cheap l-band patch antenna and plug the sdr into the usb port on their computer and patch antenna into the sdr and claim to be doing radio direction finding of the signal on 1.6 ghz '' .
it sounds impressive to the average person who does n't know they can do the same thing for less than 50 .
it would be fun to see what the radioreference.com forums think of the claim on the skinwalker '' show .
they are people who are as deep into radio communications in all frequency ranges including l-band as people are into ufos here .
i suspect they 'd say it was more likely the 1.6 ghz signal was from a satellite .
i had actually forgotten about him but yeah very funny we still do n't have him too
but sov is funny in that out all of the important antagonists the only ones we have is berkut and v !
rudolf that could definitely come as a banner unit if they want to and then we get brigand boss lol
if you feel it 's disrespectful then it is disrespectful .
i hate how people try to rationalize their feelings by saying they do n't want to be controlling or insecure .
its what you feel deep down inside and ignoring it and pretending it 's not there is not healthy for yourself or the relationship .
one of them gives 6 enchantments at the end instead of 1 .
it depends too much on your health insurance plan .
the minimum you will pay for doctor visits prescription meds is your health insurance premium .
the max you will pay barring some disaster where your medical care is n't covered somehow is the premium plus the out-of-pocket maximum .
dental care is n't covered by medical insurance for some reason .
this will usually cover most of your dental care .
otc drugs are n't covered unless you have a prescription for them .
p80s are the definition of it 's about the journey not destination the act of building them is the best part
do n't think anyone is trying to shit on you .
just when you say that 50mg of lab tested and accurately dosed edibles does n't do anything but home made works great makes me think some info is off and your home made are probably stronger than you are calculating .
either that or you somehow got 6 bunk cans which seems very unlikely .
tai scrapper is the easiest character in the game to back attack with imo .
you are not particularly strong but you are at least likely to handle a steady breeze .
this user does not have a compass on record .
you can add your compass to your profile by replying with mycompass politicalcompass.org url or sapplyvalues.github.io url .
pre rework definitely did and i might be misremembering but i think post rework briefly did too .
i think they are saying will is no longer ... meaning he might shrink in season 5
last man standing is a fun game i used to play when i was younger .
one person is in goal and the other is taking the shot after the shot that person has to go in goal whereas the keeper joins the back of the line .
if someone misses their shot they still have an opportunity to save themselves in goal but if they let in a shot in goal they are eliminated .
it could only get so bad but not with this guy .
the whole silver leaves/silver ash thing is a bit convoluted .
it is almost never necessary to specify gender when discussing professions .
the humidity is crazy here i do n't think it helps i also am struggling a lot financially so idk if i can afford medicine considering i have other health problems
in 2018 to afford to live in a city in an apartment 1800-2000 a month and be semi comfortable you had to earn around 82 to 83,000 a year salary .
i can only imagine that number now is closer to like 105,000 .
nta tell your wife you had to make up for her favouring henry and katie was devastated by her mom 's blatant show of favouritism and dismissal of her .
therefore you had to balance out her terrible parenting and the boys or lucas at least dont even care that she got somethingfor free .
point out maybe she should be more concerned her daughter thinks she does n't care about her than her sons missed out on a bit of money .
if she thinks that 's more important she is seriously lacking in the parenting department and if she ca n't improve her relationship because she cant get over whatever her issues with her own daughter are then she at least needs to be grateful you are stepping in to make up for her short comings .
no but underlining is generally not used for any situation really .
ok thats honestly good to hear because then im not doing anything wrong at least
the human body is disgusting and needs to be hidden .
i mean i 'd like to be taken out to dinner first but yeah sure
bindweed convolvulus morning glory is different from ipomoea morning glory .
the former is from hell and the latter is nice .
they charge debit paypal and gift cards immediately credit cards get charged on release
eye buy direct has also worked for me they were pretty fast
i asked my mum if she wants me to fix her a sandwich and she said yes and when i came back with the sandwich she was just gone ... and so was her dildo collection ... that was 6 years ago now .
sure but new unique executions for a 30 character roster is at least 30 new animations .
i get that it 's not as profitable to condense all of those captured animations into one single purchase character instead of 30 individually purchase-able cosmetics but still man it fucking sucks that none of the new heroes are really all that new .
clamp is not the problem the band is n't long enough for me
i submitted an ist application back in june and noticed it says i would accrue a 4 year contract if accepted .
currently in the af i have 2 more years before my current contract ends .
does anyone know if i got accepted to the sf if that 4 year contract will basically override for lack of a better word my current one or will it add to it meaning i would have to serve 6 years total ?
50 shades is a pretty textbook example of cult-indoctrination behaviour .
anybody still believes that these social experiment youtubers make real videos ?
you realize it 's all actors since like 2015 right
i have been very diligent about reporting the results of my at-home covid tests all zero of them .
ne treba mi da gledam nikakvog vlaha bliži su i geografski i genetski tebi nego mojima iz istočne hercegovine .
s razlogom smo mi i crnogorci najvisočiji po prosjeku na balkanu ahah .
šta je slijedeće pitaćeš dalmatinca odakle su mu iz slavonije ?
od kad se nosi tvoje prezime i muslimansko-bošnjački identitet u tvojoj familiji ?
i have been in the same position as you and i feel like the bars have been definitely helping me
every time i ride one and i mention that it 's schindler 's lift .
how many do you have and what are you looking for ?
i used to always tell myself man i wish we could have skyrim but with dark souls combat. then we got elden ring and it was amazing .
now i 'm on to man i wish we could get elden ring but in an mmo. i suppose dragon 's dogma online could 've been close ...
card designs is the 1 thing ea excel in .
no company in the world can match them in that field imo .
you have nothing to be insecure about you are absolutely stunning 🔥
sorry there is n't a single medical service i would willingly take from a trumper/q person .
but then again i grew up with parents like this so i would n't trust anyone in any profession with these beliefs .
i try my best to vet and avoid at all costs .
in order to fill the 'how did 11s hair get so long so fast ' pothole especially given the canonical time between s3 and s4 is n't very long i 'd like to submit the idea that joyce paid for extentions for her ?
very sad scene when she realised her hair was shaved off back to a world were she had so little control over her own body and life that she did n't even have control over her own hair length .
alligators and simular animals sometimes eat gravel from a riverbed to bed them digest their food so probably just swallowed them up
i did have 2 new inquiries as i diluted my utilization with 2 new cards i thought inquiries were only 1 or 2 points ?
common sense definitely went out the window on their end .
i would 've went to the terminal to seriously just 3 miles ?
yeah i 'm starting to see it 's better to just do it anyways than to waste my time calling them .
i called safety a while ago talked to them about what happened and they said that the fm was in the right and that they would n't edit/correct the log to show pc .
they also told me if i used pc in the future without approval they 'd review it and edit the log to show that i was on duty and driving and that showers are n't a necessity so fuck'em .
i 'd say give yourself a little time definitely do n't binge right away and then watch it at least once .
it 's still a good show and there are some really great scenes tucked away even if it 's not the same .
a multi decade long statistical survey conducted by the cdc is an anecdote ?
fall damage is not an attack or other natural damages like drowning .
is it that hard to read descriptions of spells or monster tables ?
i agree to an extent but i think there 's more traffic calming measures in sf .
i do n't know if i 've seen any traffic calming in san marcos .
it feels like the streets are intentionally designed to speed on .
intersections feel scary to cross drivers race up to red lights and do n't look at the crosswalks before making right and left hand turns .
then they try to give me an apologetic little wave when they almost hit my stroller .
not it is not a silly little oopsie when you almost murder my child with your car.
i 've never had a situation where i 've done that so i 'm not certain .
i know if i 'm to close to a restricted area before take off the drone wo n't even take off at all until i move away from the area .
clan did n't speak to me for a bit lmao
legion of super-heroes has kept the boy/girl/kid names long after the character became adults in both the classic era and the retroboot era .
cosmic boy lightning lad dream girl bouncing boy invisible kid etc .
both the guys and the girls kept their names .
i also think alliteration gives more staying power to names like beast boy .
i love crpgs with action-pause combat perfect mix between arpg and story adventure .
pillars of eternity 1 pathfinder kingmaker dragon age 1 etc .
take a look at the carrying handle on the gun in this clip .
youd probably get a beer poured on you after too .
you can not change the imag bas kuch bachon ko personally mail gaya hai to change image
what determines if something is mage range or melee ?
it 's a hot desert everything will be airy and robed .
i do n't see anyone really wanting to buy it at that price with him as a neighbor .
it does matter a lot for someone standing on the bottom .
someone floating in the water will distribute that weight across the entire bottom .
someone standing on the bottom will concentrate that extra weight on that much much much smaller spot .
that 's silly since pretty much this entire sub is about men judging woman on face value and trying to get them into bed .
and i find the whole to help you earn on your terms ... '' hilarious because if it were really on my terms '' i would n't be forced to wait in a hot ass car for batches and i 'd be able to still see them from home like i used to .
where do you draw the line on teaching them ?
when i was at an msp i eventually hit a point where i expressly drew the line of teaching anyone anything .
i reached that point when i realized that those asking were n't actually interested in learning anything and rather just wanted to lean on me to do their tasks that they would take credit for .
it 's why they had so much time to play ping-pong and leave the office the second the workday ended .
i went years without needing to learn anything from my coworkers yet they were asking me stuff every ... single ... day .
some of them were even getting a higher wage .
phone calls texts emails walk-ups even while i was busy working on projects and other tasks ... it never ended .
so by that time i was n't interested in teaching our internal it clients or my msp co-workers anything because all the stuff they wanted me to 'teach ' them was just their way of being lazy and avoiding work .
all the things they wanted me to 'teach ' them i had taught myself by being resourceful we 're in it after all and using this thing called the internet .
i 'd always document all relevant information passwords and processes everything else was available online .
need to know how to join a windows 10 device to azuread ?
you can refer to microsoft 's official channels for that especially since i 've already shown you how to do it 3 times .
if they do n't know how to handle an issue have them escalate it to someone who knows how .
if they keep escalating those same basic issues after working there for years their manager should address the failure in accountability and technician skillset growth .
i 'm now in an internal it position and my coworkers here are great .
when they ask me something they 're actually learning and not pawning work off on me .
i respect them for that and their dedication is admirable .
therefore i always help them when they have questions .
any it employee consistently relying on you to teach them is a leech and does n't deserve to be paid .
okay but without jumping to a medical diagnosis ... has she started her period ?
i knew a girl who kind of acted like this because she was scared to tell her parents .
she would space out trying to get the courage to bring it up .
i wound up deleting the app and reinstalling it and that seemed to work .
i signed up for the de event and planned to have it on in the background at work but things got crazy and that did n't happen .
i did n't log into the zoom at any point and i still received my gift .
that 's why i broke up the last time with a really pretty girl at some point you gon na tall deep and it was n't happening at all if you planning on leaving do n't wait longer else it 's gon na be pretty difficult for him .
it was n't just griseo or knowing how to drive a comp .
i put in a pretty trash score like 388 in nirvana and wound up 11th in the group and like 150 points below myriad last i checked .
the boss had some sort of mechanic with the bleed stacks that i and apparently the rest of the playerbase did n't bother figuring out .
my group had a really early hos griseo carole comp in the 600s so it was n't purely a dps thing .
we gave written statements to our apartment complex via email and hand written to animal control .
we contacted lawyers as my fiancé had an interesting interaction where the owner of luke said i have good lawyers '' ... yeah i wo n't go with out a fight .
mullet on girls actually looks really good a lot better then some of the guys imo
some good stuff like hl mods and levels were just a joy to play .
i remember a coconut monkey making an appearance too .
with the little bits of orange and red and the lightning bolt second hand !
would love to wine and dine on you any day .
nah not that worth it pretty common in mass and being in a city no ones gon na do anything
just teach her that it 's ok to do but she should do it in her room alone .
you do n't realize how long i was waiting for this comment🥹 thank you
junior can fuck right off saying faking dead is giving up .
highly recommend using doesthedogdie.com to see if any animals are harmed in any way .
i also advocate for use of this site in schools as it also includes trigger specific genres/things that happen in movies .
i generally check a horror movie to ensure there is n't any eye gauging example .
we have a commuter train network which is being extended even now .
the metro is in addition to it by replacing existing regular buses which can then extend services that do n't run on the busway .
the entire network of trains buses ferries and light rail services a large area with a couple of million people living in it .
i liked doom 2016 more than doom eternal too .
eternal had a lot of cooldowns to manage and i just wanted to put my shotgun in demon 's faces and occasionally chainsaw them in half .
doom 2016 is like here take theses tools and do whatever your want to kill theses bastards demons '' .
doom eternal on the other hand is just too convoluted .
you either play in a very specific way or you die .
he 's admitted it and now he can get the support he needs .
if he had n't have admitted it this behaviour might continue unchallenged .
i know a lot of people who wo n't necessarily break stuff but they will bang and shout .
everyone 's wired differently and you should respect that .
i understand that some things are more important than sex .
but i become so irritable and distracted that i 'm not able to function .
sex is a basic need like food and shelter .
i have taken a pair of 32 ohm dt770s outside a few times .
while they are n't as convenient as sony and bose wireless headphones or my audio-technica ath-m50xbt2s which i have specifically for that purpose their closed-back earcups and leather pads isolate well enough .
so let 's get this straight i do n't eat p i grub !
technically between now and the end of the transfer window would qualify as any time
a kozmetikus pedig végig irányít hogy hogy tartsd magad .
szerintem nekik ez is csak egy bőrfelület amit gyantáznak ugyanaz mint egy láb vagy kar de hátha ír szakmabeli ide .
his buffoonery does seem to be a sort of reactive armour .
how else do you think we keep getting monkey pox .
there 's plenty other places close around that are worse than frankston .
i did n't vote and i do n't really care .
i would have preferred to stay in and i was was suprised we voted to leave but i do n't overly care .
you know absolutely nothing about me and my physical needs .
that 's why stated the sentence about me and not males in generally .
i feel like an idiot for not seeing it !
love this site but it sadly has n't been updated in a few months .
i know there 's a similar article on playbill that 's more up-to-date .
all i say is i do n't need a god to give my life purpose and i am glad i do n't have to .
keep on hoping for your spaceguy to return and make everything better with a thanos snap .
in the meantime i life my life without any made up fear .
horses and dedicated mounts just always seem to be gods in dnd especially in the early game when horses ' multi attack stomp will eat low-cr monsters for breakfast .
ca n't be stingy with the stuff mate if you 're afraid of ‘wasting ' your paint you 've found your problem .
i think i 've tried a week and nothing but i 've been doing this stuff since i was 12 so i guess it 's done quite a bit of damage
i mean is the demon blade indestructible if not it 's not like yone can get a replacement ?
me reading this au panik at first slide laughing at idiocy panik at makima 's interview laughing at power and denji panik at what denji is saying because it seems like a trigger t r a u m a
religion is the main problem but not the only problem .
something like fear of the unknown stereotypes negative personal experience also play a role in homophobic .
indeed so jealous that we scan french newspapers desperate to find something they may have printed about us .
i always found it amusing they used gaylord in their name .
i recommend that you try it both ori games are amazing .
theres plenty more but those are the ones at the top of my head
that 's like my entire net worth in three metres square
looks better than the normal tunic of the wild setup .
we literally had a lab meeting the other week about ways to cut back on costs
that last part is a good point other than that i just commented at the same time pretty much the same thing .
naja es ist ja ein unterschied ob man eine meinung hinnimmt du kannst die meinung ruhig haben '' oder ob man sie in seinem umfeld haben und täglich hören will ...
that 's why i said they have to modify the land to make it work mounding system
sounds more like the bears are still doing the fucking and your fuk
you know what fee i 'm happy to pay ?
i just wait a few months to save up enough to buy a tv cash then buy it with a cashback credit card and when the bill comes due i pay off the tv in full .
being happy to pay a fee just means you 're happy losing money you did n't need to lose .
i 'd eat u 😋 out til squirting or cumming n my mouth 👄 👅 then give u dick til cumming inside ur beautiful 😍 pussy 🍓 💧 🦫 🍆 holla back 💋 💋
one of every pair of socks they own all of their forks and spoons their shower curtains a few light bulbs from random places around the house all of their bowls the wires and parts that control the garage door if they have one their toilet seats half of the couch cushions at least one button from every piece of clothing with buttons somewhere in the middle all clocks one of every pair of shoes two chairs and the door to their fridge .
there are blue ones in most pharmacies i have no idea what they 're made of compared to the yellow ones
i have a garden snail guide for food and stuff etc on my page if you just scroll down a bit .
so many comments list the restaurants i also think are overrated .
a really good place though is actually in kirkland and is called deru .
for any new owners please read the following regarding cage size
hamsters need to have plenty of space to run around and that does n't mean a lot of pipes it means actual floor space .
a hamster should ideally have a minimum of 80 cm wide by 50 cm deep by 35 cm high 2.5 ft. wide by 1.5ft .
you should always make sure that the floor of the cage has a covering of at least 6 inches 15cm depth of suitable bedding as hamsters love to burrow .
please be aware that most cages sold in standard pet shops do not meet this minimum requirement .
these are known as novelty cages and should never be used as the hamsters main enclosure .
a hamster should be able to run in a wheel in which their back is not arched or bent .
their wheel should accommodate them as if they were running on flat ground .
if you notice your hamster is bent or arched whilst in their wheel please obtain a larger sized one as soon as possible to avoid spinal damage .
if you do not have the height available for a large wheel please consider a flying saucer hamster wheel https www.google.com/search ? q=flying+saucer+hamster+wheel rlz=1c1chbf_en-gbgb713gb713 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=x ved=0ahukewjz5lcbijpiahuwrbuihcooau8q_auidygc biw=1920 bih=937 as an alternative .
we do not recommend the use of exercise balls .
there is a high risk of hammies toes feet and legs getting caught in the ventilation holes and breaking .
we highly recommend paper bedding instead of fabric fabric bedding can potentially get wrapped around hammies toes and tails causing cuts or damaging circulation .
please remember that hamsters are omnivores this means that they eat meat as well as fruits nuts and vegetables .
we recommend a pellet diet instead of the standard muesli as this often does not provide enough protein .
hammies love mealworms these can be fed live but only under supervision incase the mealworm tries to bite hammy .
ideally mealworms would be fed after being culled either fresh or dried .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hamsters if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't let him back into your lives until he shows actual change by going to therapy therapy that does n't enable him !
i swear this is a joke and the high mileage is the punchline
i try to get my supplements from the source .
at least he does n't get in the way of the story
it 's not failing if it 's passing though .
i believe it 's the android api level for google play apps .
honestly if you can hunt with a musket i 'd be pretty impressed
um ok ya i 'll prolly have to pass on that sry .
one thing you might consider is that sometimes the script '' does not have the same potential .
there is a difference in potential between one game where the players go from one town to the next one and have a random encounter with x and a game were they are finally storming the bbg 's keep .
i like to think of it like a tv series not all episodes are equally climatic nor should they be .
some are big and dramatic others are there to set the tone .
ok interesting thanks for educating me and actually i 'm starting waid 's run in a bit i already figured daredevil has had stories with different tones but it 's good to hear the more lighter stuff is also well received
please include a list detailing each item in your post within one hour of submission .
this helps other users get more information about an item they may be interested in .
please be as descriptive as possible make and model and avoid vague lists .
lists can be displayed in the title of the post in a separate comment or in the picture itself .
failure to follow this rule will result in the post being removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/edc if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks bro just got a match on tinder so wish me luck there !
2 sides backing the worst candidates for presidents like it 's a sporting event and you have to pick a side to win .
oh boy i just realised i 'm still playing the game https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_game mind_game
nta you 're the only one who stands up to your daughter 's bully .
why does she think that would make him gay i 'm probably the most flaming homosexual in this group and i changed mine to my husband 's when we got married .
perfect need help with sex can you teach me new trick
sorry i 've gotten so many dm‘s of people who are not joking and i 'm just tired of it sorry for the misunderstanding
the talmud is very important maybe you should read through the ot and study a bit of talmud alongside it jesus was jewish and devoted his entire life to the god of the jews .
being able to plug your router into the computer the right way first try
this is definitely a really good argument for why ferdinand would n't tell anyone .
even those for whom it may be a low risk philine and roderick are too dependent on and loyal to roz to risk it and hartmut has problems it 's still a risk .
the status-based society means she really ca n't unveil the commoner side of things because best case scenario it leads to a bunch of devouring kidnappings .
and then there 's the whole other world aspect of it where there will be attempts to mimic urano 's arrival .
i would n't be surprised if ferdinand has been attempting to do that offscreen .
the other world thing might be safer but that basically makes roz an even bigger target than she already is .
lutz and the three nobles who know the truth might be the only ones who will ever know unless something strange happens .
it 's myne so i guess it 's happening but still .
im 27 and play valorant with nearly a dozen other friends between 25 and 30 years old 🤷‍♂️
idk man myne can and will fuck shit up for books
there are like 4 memories i can picture perfectly in my mind ones that bring back sights and smells and feelings and the totality of the eclipse from atop a mountain in oregon is up there .
reddit was founded in america so there 's a lot of assuming about who the audience is .
possibly i 've done ok for three hours or so now .
i never ride without a base layer especially on the hottest days .
i can unzip my jersey in public and not have my chest hair popping out .
i wear a size l jersey but size s base layer rapha and the skin tight fit really helps to wick the sweat .
riding without a baselayer makes my jerseys feel sticky .
personal preference but i do feel much cooler in a baselayer .
both my rapha and q365 feels like i barely have it on .
game development is n't easy as so many other commentators have said .
but let 's set aside the subject of game development .
what you need to understand is how to be a software engineer .
it means not knowing the answers but being able to figure it out and it sounds like you are so very close but the difference between becoming a software engineer and following endless tutorials is so very simple .
stop watching videos and read documentation and give it your best to get what your trying to do to work .
it does n't have to be pretty on first try or hell your fifth try but what you learn in the process is what becomes the foundation your toolbox of tricks to pull from in the future to solve the next problem .
sometimes it takes hours to find that one thing that makes it work .
put in the time that 's how you learn .
do take a break and get some physical going on to circulate the blood and come back .
if you 're still struggling and have read documentation a couple of times then seek out a tutorial to see if that gets you over the hump .
i use and most came devs do primatives as art while prototyping .
a player can just be a capsule with your player code attached for a very long time .
when you 're able to walk others through your game concept it 's easier to get other folks with the skill you are still developing or missing to step in and buy into your why on making the game .
and converting from prototype to production is really kinda simple .
do n't jump around on game engines those are not what make games .
pick one and learn it picking up another down the road will be much easier .
the biggest thing is to enjoy what you 're doing .
sure at times it 's going to be frustrating but you need to be able to feel an accomplishment and good about what you 've learned and built .
if you have n't participated in them yet get into game jam challenges and try .
these will give you ideas and push you outside of comfort zones but that is where we grow .
good luck and keep at it if you feel you 're getting satisfaction .
i had watched every single eagles offensive snap on all-22 from 2013-2020 .
the new media player last year made that virtually impossible ... the fast forward/rewind/advance to next play search functions are all archaic and function at a worthless level .
the tv broadcast has also become really disappointing as the camera work and production focus is moving farther away from the game on the field .
after almost every play they cut to some high def closeup of a player coach or fan or some sort of promo or stupid stat graphic .
they cut back to their field seconds before the snap of the ball a lot of time as the ball is being snapped .
so good luck figuring out the personnel the formation the down distance location of the ball on the field injuries play clock ... you know all the stuff that actually has to do with the actual play you are about to watch .
they also just do n't show replays like on plays where every one in the bar is screaming where the fuck is the replay
i can remember multiple pivotal plays for the eagles offense last year that they never showed a replay of and at least half a dozen plays where the camera came back to the field after the ball was already snapped including one td near the gl .
it 's leggit like whoever is in the production truck has never seen a football game they just play it on madden .
is there crayon wax on the surface or has it dyed the plastic ?
if the former maybe heating it with a hair dryer will melt it so it can be wiped off easier .
i would n't go too hot but hopefully it will soften or melt it .
if the plastic is dyed by the crayon your best bet is probably to do something a bit abrasive the magic eraser suggestion might be your best bet .
maybe get a tiny bit and put it on the end of a toothpick or something .
i remember my gf 's upstairs neighbor crawled down to her balcony at her apartments she lives on the second floor at the time while we were having a new years party .
he stalked her at work across the street where he would almost try to force her to drive him home she refused constantly or putting her in awkward situations so he could be near .
that balcony part about was enough we could take so i threatened him with police .
my friend who owns a pistol had just left when he climbed down to the balcony without any warning so the story could 've ended much worse for all of us .
edit carried not owns ... not really all that specific there lol
thank you for for putting the sun down it was getting a little hot 😋
mcgrath ... yeah that was a large waste of money .
not the party brass ' strategy since it was direct donations to the campaign and i doubt all of that money would have gone to d candidates if it was n't seen as an f u to mcconnell but hopefully they do a better job coordinating that ire against prominent gop figures into more strategic spending .
all you explained in that rule was what retail value was .
girls saw guys install underglow in their cars now it 's their turn
like i said 6 weeks in a c collar is n't needed when you have a rigid internal construct .
the device provides enough stability itself because it 's not only attached to spine
damn do you have a link to this by any chance ?
i 'm naturally skeptical but it would be really life changing to me if it was true .
but she was ready to take my debit card info .
i 'm covered through assurion for now until i switch .
nice to know we 'll be fucking each other for the same reason 😈
just a few grammar tweaks ... change collaborating to collaborated in the first section of experience .
and in the third section of experience change learned to create to simply created
just want to point out that wandy was grabbing his arm after a few pitches .
with the rumors of him coming off some type of injury i 'm putting my money on him not actually being recovered and just pitching because there 's literally nobody left in the pen
people want the product but not enough to pay for it .
people used to talk the same way about music .
what i 'd give to go back to my high school days and hear chance for the first time again hahaha .
i 'm not a mechanic so i do n't work on cars every day but when i work on my cars i hate wearing gloves .
ca n't feel anything with the thick ones and the things ones tear .
plus my hands get really sweaty so if i need to take them off to do something else quickly it 's hard to put on new ones .
my mom is advocating for me to stop medication down the road .
and some days i feel great and do n't see the need for it .
but when i remeber the trauma i went through i 'm thankful for the medication that stopped it .
i would rather take medicine once a day than to go through another episode ever again .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
this is some amazing advice i just wish sls did n't always try to place a garrison once and then decide it 's too close to another .
i always measure out my supply box drop with a couple of pings where i 'll mention these pings are for distance from other garries disregard . ''
more times than i can count it 's a sl that does n't know you can place a garry within 50 meters of the supply box press t to pull up the hud and if the supply box shows up you can use it .
i actually have a preference that engineers build a manpower node close to the frontline so that every support player in the area can benefit from it .
it obviously works better for offensive game mode but it 's still super clutch on a strongly fought battle over the midcap .
it only takes 50 supplies to build one so it 's not a big deal if it gets taken down or lost when you lose the sector .
sidenote my favorite kit is the level x support for the soviets with the 1943 cape ushanka the svt40 .
it can make sense to surrender the policy during the surrender period .
if the difference in expenses between an ira and in an annuity over the remaining surrender period is greater than the current surrender charge it may make sense to surrender the policy .
for example would you rather pay 2 more in fees annually for 7 years or a one time fee of 6 ?
bout to take a 4 hour walk to no where
when asking a question please ensure that you list what you 've tried and provide links to example code e.g .
if you 're asking for help with an error please include the full error message and any context around it .
you 're unlikely to get any meaningful responses if you do not provide enough information for other users to help .
your submission should contain the answers to the following questions at a minimum
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/html if you have any questions or concerns .
its not realistic thinking that dhawn wont be a main character
my first thoughts when presented with all dialogue from pierre abigail caroline and wizard was that caroline got pregnant from pierre pierre being the way he is was not very caring toward his pregnant wife she grows depressed escapes to the wizard tower wizard does some kinda magic or gives her like magic tea leaves or something and then abigail has some sort of magic influence .
i get how people see it as an affair i just do n't jump directly to that conclusion like i do n't see caroline being the type to cheat on her husband .
but then again i ca n't point to anyone else that i would firmly think is wizard 's child so ... maybe like curveball and it 's krobus or dwarf or that goblin guard dude that was in front of the witch 's hut ?
i contacted the fairy wren project and joe welklin had this to say
when males change their plumage and why is one of the questions we 're studying .
the sunny day hypothesis is an interesting one i 'm not sure if anyone has tested that yet .
we think the main driver of variation in moult dates is rainfall .
for superb fairywrens in canberra there are a few studies showing rainier winters lead to earlier moult dates because rain often leads to increased insect abundance and the fairywrens need a lot of food in order to replace their feathers .
but we have no idea how widespread that relationship is .
in cooler areas like victoria temperature or sun could have more of an effect .
that 's something we 'll keep in mind for our analyses .
have you noticed any difference in rainfall between this year and last ?
i also came across this article about the effect of global heating on purple-crowned fairy wrens
told op to stop being selfish '' and to be happy that their mom is in a better place ''
i watched a video on these trees a couple days ago !
lem me see if i can find a link for ya..
hated effectively donating to the republican party every time i needed gas .
guy didn‘t even pull the shirt over his nose so we can assume he doesn‘t think too far
i just hope the turrets on bunkers are working on 3.17.2
then everytime she 's like do you have homework ? ''
i 'd be like do you have my oat milk ?
because that 's the only conversation we 're having until the ingredients are replaced ma'am . ''
but my mum was willing to admit when she was wrong so it probably would 've gone better for me
i think they meant everything else which tbf nobody can know how it 'll affect the end product .
it could be a generic piece of shit created to appeal to the broadest possible audience .
so go nuclear or go get your science on but please stop bitchi*g as you sit in your heated homes in the winter watching netflix cooking on your gas stoves .
thank you for your careful deletion of the offensive letter n from the thirteenth word of this sentence .
profanity is one thing but there 's no reason to use progressive verb tenses in a civilized discussion .
open up right now i will shoot my load into your mouth !
i think nobody has a problem playing a female character i think a well written female character would be super cool .
my problem is that it 's forced for diversity and political correctness and being woke .
well i mean you do n't really get more opposed parties than the greens and one nation and frankly the image the greens want to convey is one that actively opposes pauline hanson if they want votes .
i work 19 days straight 11 hours a day then have 9 days off .
the flight to and from site is only 20 mins and the train home is an hour .
i get roughly 6 weeks off over christmas and a couple of weeks around july .
all goes to plan will be retired by 47-48 ish
he had some around displayed but he did not advertise how much they were .
so what can you do that 's a bit unique ?
i wonder if cyno and raiden could work together .
i guess so..since i only have a c2 fischl i could use raiden or maybe just beidou
also do you think kazuha would be good for cyno ?
it would n't be out the realm of imagination considering the abilities that we already know of them .
plus it makes significantly more logical sense that it 's an inazuman yokai especially one we already know of both with the singular leaf and the fact that we know they like to pull pranks to be the cause of this rather than some sumerian creature that we never heard of until the recent leaks almost a year after and the leaks do n't reveal their stereotypical personalities in the first place .
thank you for your submission but it has been removed for violating the following rules
do n't promote any products or services that you are in any way involved in .
you should n't be gaining anything from a link do n't share links to your own youtube videos or blog posts .
sharing links to discord server slack/whatsapp/telegram groups or other group chats is not allowed .
if you feel this removal was done in error please message the moderators by sending a mod mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fiossetups .
i also wanted to use them developing ai for military drones but i think they actually dropped that project if you understand it right
a retail cashier requires considerably less skill than an aerospace engineer or surgeon .
i 'm pretty sure not returning the cats corpse to the owners is illegal as pets are treated as property and property does n't change whether dead or alive .
this attorney https www.avvo.com/legal-answers/if-someone-kills-your-dog-protecting-their-propert-5199570.html agrees that one can sue if they openly admit to killing the pet and possessing the body and not returning it .
after 12 seasons and a movie i think we 've appreciated it enough .
rank stalker 5 build is pretty over powered considering their rank 3 opponents .
i 'm pretty sure that person have epic or legendary range build it can easily reach 50+m range .
elon is shaped like blastoise he cant naturally procreate .
you can downvote him all you want but he 's still right .
fat is way more resistant to wrinkles and fold than just skin but it will eventually sag a lot and it 's not healthy .
everything puffy and round looks like a baby but that 's not the same as looking young .
she 's 22 so if she starts now by 25 she 'll look young and healthy .
i say that as someone who was like her untill i was 20 .
the problem is overseas is barely taking any of it anymore https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=itwt5kefrcm ab_channel=abcnewsin-depth
do n't send us a modmail about it we will not change it !
this is a spam protection mechanism tutorials on how to earn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
too many people are still making money off of the things that are killing the planet .
the politicians that could change things make too much money from donations '' and lobbying '' to work to change anything .
the mass of people could simply change the way they live but we all just collectively had a tantrum because we could n't go shopping for the last few years .
humanity is going to choke on it 's own shit and we 're going to fight hard to make sure no one stops it .
sounds like you need to talk one on one in a civil tone with him and see what his input is as far as keeping both sides dogs from being so unruly .
maybe if you try reasoning as you did with the wife he will come around to reality
on behalf of the reddit community we will have to refuse such an incredibly generous offer as we can not handle a regular amount of woman let alone this overwhelmingly abundant amount of woman .
we pass on this opportunity on to instagram as they will most certainly be able to take full advantage of such a gift .
if you have questions about boosteroid or need technical help we kindly ask you to contact boosteroid 24/7 live chat https boosteroid.com or write a letter to email support boosteroid.com
also you can find answers to the most common questions on boosteroid help center https help.boosteroid.com/en .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boosteroidcommunity if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've noticed a huge amount of people at stop signs and red lights next to me shutting their cars off and then restarting them when it 's time to move .
i know that 's not a cold start but i wonder how much wear that puts on the engine .
not the last 6 years of this political 4chan devolution
hey so i 'm not wasting either one of your guys times how much would you go up to so there 's not a bidding war ?
what success did they have against him until the playoffs that could be considered clowning ?
like where does the years '' come into this ?
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=vvvvvv245 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of this sub is using the reddit chat feature to find chat partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
posts with external chat app info or giving a preference to something other than reddit chat will be removed and poster possibly banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyredditchat if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean yeah but the dude wanted to drive a boatley not exactly known for being at daytona
pitääköhän maksaa autoveroa joka kk vai onko nämä autoverottomia ?
normaalisti lisavarusteista pitää maksaa autovero mutta jos varusteet pystyisi könttäsummalla avata jälkikäteen niin ehkäpä jopa ottaisin jos säästää huomattavasti veroissa .
todellisuudessa plugarien sähkisten verot on alhasia tai ei ole ollenkaan niin säästöt jäisi hyvin vähäsiksi .
todellisuudessa tämmösten kohderyhmä on lämpimissä maissa asuvat jotka ajaa lomareissun alpeille ja tarvitsee penkinlämmitintä kahden viikon ajan auton omistusaikana .
michael burry responded to my craigslist ad looking for someone to mow my lawn .
30 is 30 '' he said as he continued to mow what was clearly the wrong yard .
my neighbor and i shouted at him but he was already wearing muffs .
he attached a phone mount onto the handle of his push mower .
i was able to sneak a peek and he was browsing zillow listings in central wyoming .
that is to say burry has his fingers in a lot of pies .
he makes sure his name is in all the conversations .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallstreetbets if you have any questions or concerns .
literally sticking to this these last four years.. i will continue to
r/onlyfansbusty is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbusty if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not talking about the mentally retarded barely functional autists like those that make up the entirety of the reddit admin team we would never use the word in that way .
i 'm talking when we compare ourselves or each other to autistic geniuses like elon musk michael burry and those dudes on 4chan .
to call the word an insult and ban its use is to be discriminatory towards and deny the identity of neurodivergent people .
note if this gets tagged to the reddit admins i 'm actually autistic .
it 's my word and i did n't direct it at anyone specifically so kindly piss off and do n't start trouble where there is n't any .
i have never found it necessary or useful unless it 's against malzeno .
just as long as egerton does n't take his shirt off i 'll be happy .
when he did it in black bird i actually got angry .
já estive do outro lado infelizmente a venda de seguros é uma obrigação predatória por parte da gestão da loja .
há objetivos a cumprir objetivos esses quase impossíveis de atingir e os vendedores levam uma bardoada forte as vezes de 400€ no salário caso não consigam atingir esse patamar de venda de seguros .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/b_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
so then tell them to lower the price down by 500 .
that 's the quote i got for a valve adjustment that my mechanic said he rarely ever does because they are n't needed often .
did n't they kind of do that with the log4shell fix ?
the technology is at its peak right now and corporate hand me downs are making high end hardware affordable to the masses .
spanish was n't translated form english a simple example would be what cloud says while drinking what tifa gives him .
beautiful means hermoso/a hermosa in this case in particular as he is referring to her .
the initial comment i answered to was n't a personal response .
their phrasing presented as if everyone shared their personal view .
do n't think this is some holier than thou thing from my end i do n't think i 'm better than the community or think everybody is idiots .
however i also wo n't ever believe the majority thought more about raids coming back than i enjoyed this one therefore it should come back '' which btw is a perfectly valid reason but let 's not act like it 's some deeply thought out thing here
why does this sub want beef with drake so bad
everyone keeps telling me i look like a ple ple but i knew i 'm a peo peo at heart
yes when the gas spot price is high gas at pump cost more .
when gas spot price is low gas at pump still cost more .
margin is going to be hugeeeeeee this quarter and next .
given your age i do n't think you 're a good candidate for yag but i 'm not a doctor .
weiss ring is related to pvd if i remember correctly so if you 've already ruled out any pvd in your eye i do n't think it is the type of floaters you 're struggling with .
i suggest you to give it a try discuss about this topic with a surgeon .
but i would say do n't except too much from laser in your case .
vitrectromy would be of course effective but has different stakes !
anyway hope he helps them out in one way or another and understands the seriousness of the conflict .
what the fuck does this have to do with the political compass in any way ?
i used resin on regrowth really early on then landed the boots and toolkit .
so just to be 100 clear i do n't want to blow this !
imbue regrowth getting a 3 staff of regrowth and a 0 wand of lightning back in the process .
dump upgrades into the staff of regrowth until it is 10 .
every time i 've done a regrowth run before i end up dead pretty quickly because i ca n't attack effectively .
maybe use my other resin on my wand of disintegration ?
yeah no sorry i 've heard horror stories of some of the bahraini doctors here .
i 'd rather fly outta the country to dubai than see a bahraini doc here assuming there were no expat docs available .
if you just have spirit sword spirit shield that will be 4 all skills .
all that budget gear together will get you 8 to amp .
its literally just girls pissing themselves too its gross .
female ejaculation is a thing but its about a table spoon worth of fluid at most .
she cant use dark trooper or any trooper with a leader ability .
a great team for her is 4 of snow death storm magma shore .
starck can go well with her too if you 4 man the veers team or put gideon there .
i agree with this but will add get bus tickets to bring him closer .
why did you bring us up out of egypt to this terrible place ?
it has no grain or figs grapevines or pomegranates .
each week in synagogue jews read through the torah from genesis to deuteronomy .
the torah portion for this week is chukat which means requirement from numbers 19:1–22:1 .
like any parent i do n't like to hear my kids arguing and fighting .
now my children are wonderful and i never doubt they sincerely love each other .
and sometimes they just push each other 's buttons .
one thing i 've learned is that it 's important to pay attention to exactly what they 're fighting about .
i remember one time we were pulling into a parking spot outside the supermarket .
a few feet away there was a young mother with a huge overflowing shopping cart and a small child in tow .
can one of you help her ? i spontaneously said to my kids .
immediately two of my kids started pushing each other out of the way to be the one who would help her .
i 'm helping her ! no i got here first .
i 'm helping her. it was an absurd argument .
while i was not happy with the fighting i reminded myself that they were fighting over who would do this beautiful act of kindness .
in this week 's torah portion we read about two similar complaints by the children of israel .
in one case god punished them with deadly snakes .
in the other god did not punish them at all .
in numbers the children of israel spoke against god against moses and said ‘why have you brought us up out of egypt to die in the wilderness ?
after their complaints god sent the snakes as punishment .
but shortly before that we read why did you bring us up out of egypt to this terrible place ?
it has no grain or figs grapevines or pomegranates .
and there is no water to drink ! 20:5 .
it was basically the same complaint but in this case god showed no anger .
in deuteronomy 8:8 the land of israel is described as a land with wheat and barley vines and fig trees pomegranates olive oil and honey. that is where the people wanted to go !
god did n't punish them because they were not asking to go back to egypt .
unlike the spies before them they were complaining because where they currently were was not the promised land .
they were saying we want the land of israel !
god saw the positive motive beneath the surface of their arguing and complaining and saw that they wanted the right thing .
do you ever get impatient because you want the right thing ?
take comfort that god sees your motives and knows your heart is in the right place .
slander is spoken if it 's written down it 's libel .
i 've never heard that before but it makes sense .
it just shows she 's not genuine in wanting a relationship she just wants a open to butt in and continue the abuse .
is she was actually remorseful she would be understanding of you taking it slow .
i filled up my tank at 1.60 a gallon during pandemic .
moved to california now and i pay around 6.5/gallon .
so what does that have to do with your 'joke ' cuh ?
it literally just boils down to women complaining at finding out nba game has a lot of men ''
a lot of people who make posts in this sub are nasty af to their stepkids and then run here to ask if their an asshole in some situation .
there was a stronger tendency amongst that age group in addition to the unemployed zero gcses and long term benefits recipients .
there were also younger highly educated people who voted for leave just not as high a percentage .
the tuning stability of my roasted neck guitar is so much better and needs absolutely no setup every 6 months .
action stays nearly the same all year around regardless of temperature or moist levels .
content clowns unicorn hunters fake accounts cheating men every single man on the planet people just ego boosting wife not on board window shoppers etc .
nerd '' is a positive word in my book too .
i know some people have used it as an insult .
to me i do n't know how to relate to people that do n't have a strong interest in a topic a non-nerd .
fun fact in my langueage both nerd and geek is translated into the same word so to me they are interlaced .
i used to describe my hair as kind of curly but not in a nice way '' .
but i was n't using the right tools or techniques so it was just a massive puff ball .
in reality i just have very thick 2c-3a hair that is difficult to manage .
even just techniques and not dry brushing makes a huge difference .
star ocean 3 might be in psn but i 'm not sure if ps5 has it .
star ocean 2 and 1 remake can be get in psp and maybe psn .
star ocean anamnesis is a star ocean mobile game which is sadly shut down either early this year or last year and it is actually fun while it lasted .
star ocean 1 remake is being build in star ocean 2 engine so that is why they are simillar .
out of all star ocean 2 can be said as the peak of star ocean .
star ocean 4 is ok. we do n't talk about star ocean 5 .
people think that obanai beats akaza because obanai managed to reach muzan neck in base .
but muzan was fighting 2 other hashira giyuu and mitsuri .
people also tend to think obanai is above the other hashira but do n't tend to think that the other hashira just finished fighting the upper moons and that obanai and mitsuri were fresh .
muzan also being heavily weakened still had the advantage against the hashira majority of the times but people skips that fact too .
but going from just how i feel i feel hangry and anxious whenever i go fully plant based .
i think i am getting enough plant-based fats but i 'll double check on that next time i try it .
guess i 'll start with a dietician and see what else they recommend .
you are not supposed to pay attention to what they do only what they say .
idk i just do n't know how steam works exactly
i would like to flesh out an idea about this now .
something like small dragons that hoard books and like to read over people 's shoulders while they 're small .
the plot points that tie the games together are handled pretty well in dialogue choices if you dont have save files from the prior games .
it 's great payoff for fans of the series but it 's not necessary to play the previous games to enjoy wild hunt .
combat is a bit tricky and takes time to get used to for sure .
some people hate the combat but i loved it .
eventually finished the game on the highest difficulty 3rd playthrough which i almost never do in other games .
nah like other bro said i read it without any confusion .
yes it does and i can not tell a lie ... .but more than your petite lil body ... .those eyes that smile of yours can just steal it all ... ...
i 'm guessing like everyone else said it was the 3.2l vr6 .
but i do n't know this dude could show me a picture of a ridiculous motor under the hood .
i just should n't bother with it too much .
rape your ass and then pull you out of the car and leave you there in the dark .
i 'll be driving home with my balls drained .
it all depends on the polygon count and how complex your materials are .
you could have a mountain with 50 polys or 50million we have no way of knowing .
if the trees are generated with a plugin they might be quite complex .
try hiding objects one at a time and see if performance suddenly improves .
i am too distracted by kratos being a thicc boy
your post has been removed due to an improper title .
all titles must begin with cursed or cursed and must not be extremely low effort like cursed_comment '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments if you have any questions or concerns .
lol my boss is gone all week camping. turns out she 's staying just outside an alpine town an hour away from home and driving in during the day for meals at restaurants and exploring the towns shops and stuff .
she 's sleeping in her tesla nice and temperature controlled .
she 's an insult to anyone who has actually camped .
add a heavy roller shit ball quality and even shittier bowling/fielding under pressure and let 's see .
nah that much it 'll feel good more than anything 😘
if it has not appeared immediately it requires moderator approval it 's got to be released from reddit spam prison .
this should n't take very long at all and we hope it will never be longer than 90 minutes but we ca n't be around 24 hours a day .
the community rules https www.reddit.com/r/gayskype/about/rules are often updated and you should check them periodically .
members found to be posting against these rules or the reddit content policy https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy section_prohibited_behavior may face an immediate and permanent ban and/or reporting to reddit admin .
thank you for helping us keeping this sub up and running happy gayskyping !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayskype if you have any questions or concerns .
they 'd probably feel it for a few days after .
i 'm normally extremely cynical about sequels for good reason but i 'm feeling stupidly optimistic and excited about seeing this one .
ps as far as it being gay goes i think it 's more that i had a huuuge crush on omri katz ... shame he 's not in the new one he still looks good i follow him/his pot biz on insta .
if you come to my house to take my stuff and you get shot at any point while taking my stuff then it 's your own fault .
i know you wo n't shoot me and i know the police wo n't turn up for at least 15 minutes .
and they sure as shit wo n't put any effort into catching me if you report it after .
i know i can come and take your stuff and there wo n't be a damn thing done about it .
now this is the kind of humour even as a novak can get behind 😃 none of the hate bs
i do n't have many extra dates on the pandas but i do have an extra 2017 and a 2017 with mantis privy in tep .
then by july i 'm ready to be hurt again .
heck man ultima online allowed bags boxes what have you within bags and they had weight too .
so did earlier ultimas like ultima 7 in 1992 .
because in the uk they do n't give a fuck about cyclists
if this post does n't contain a thong please hit the report button and help us clean the subreddit
we suggest you to take a look to the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thongs if you have any questions or concerns .
my first step in a revolution is to lure all the male feminist simps and tradcon/qanons to a mars colony and let them sort out their disagreements away from earth !
coconut cream pie is my fav for sitting/getting messy with .
y'all actin like bro was some evil nigga or sum shi b4 he died😹
if you want to store mana i rather play omnath locus of mana honestly .
seems like people freak out on every card that has treasure written in it these days
well i think you did not even read the first article
1st article talking about the jews left in algeria and not talking about gangs '' in any phrase .
its even a jew saying and i am quoting '' the local population are excellent. chemouilli said that he was struck by the generally friendly attitude of the man in the street. ''
2nd you gave me a town not in algeria that am not even gonnna see it or read it
3rd its says not a single jew was injured in the outburst
4th article yes finally a good article speaking about jews getting killed in algeria while it was in a time of vichy france when jews were massacred in europe
the point i want to say is jews who lived in algeria did not suffer even 5 as the jews in europe
lying about jews getting a shity life whole of there life in north african countries or other arab countries not good cause when jews flee from spain where did they went ?
were they having a bad life in north african countries ?
i 'll say it again half of the fan base like overreaching things
it 's happened to me quite a few times .
i british if south asian descent used to live in an upmarket suburb of a small rural city in a nice apartment .
i also bought a new-ish german performance car soon after moving here i was going through a crisis ok .
in my first week there i had the police called on me for putting up a name tag outside my own door .
i also used to regularly get stopped whilst out walking or running to get searched/id 'd .
whilst driving to the city i sometimes stopped at a 7-eleven on the way to get cash out .
on 4 separate occasions i left the store to find a gaggle of cops surrounding my car and waiting for me .
each time they asked for my id and registration then searched my car .
for the record i have only been stopped once while driving and that was a random breathalyser test at a toll booth for all cars passing through .
otherwise a perfect driving record both here and in the uk .
one sunday morning after a night out in the city i walked to my nearest conbini to get some breakfast .
on the way back i stopped at my car still in its parking spot and knelt down to check if i had kerbed the wheels whilst parking the night before .
next thing i know two cops come up and ask me why i 'm looking at my car .
i unlock it whilst telling them it 's mine .
they ask for my id registration and parking certificate then ask me if they can search it .
after that they ask me if i can produce another piece of proof of address as if the back of my zairyuu card is n't enough so i go inside and bring down a copy of a juuminhyo that i had lying around .
in japan essentially yes they do need a warrant to search your belongings unless you give them consent to do so .
it just so happens that denying consent for a search could count as sufficient suspicion .
thus they just have to keep you there call up a sympathetic judge and then get the warrant .
you try to barge past and that 's assault so that 's definite suspicion and you get arrested .
irs normal to go to several to find one that works for you .
i 'm in the same place right now and i 'm willing to talk about it if you need .
please report unverified sellers who respond privately to your buy ads .
this is against our rules and will result in a safer community for everyone .
there has been a recent increase in scamming from unverified sellers who will contact users through their buy ads .
for your own safety only work with sellers who are verified on our subreddit .
moderators will be unable to help you if you work with unverified sellers .
to ensure someone is verified ask every seller to comment on your thread and check that they have verified seller or trusted seller flair before continuing .
if they ca n't comment they may be banned .
message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsexsells with any questions about a user .
do not send payment until you have seen for yourself that a user is verified .
a user who offers to verify for you themself on kik/cam/etc may be who they say they are but there is no way to hold them accountable in the event that they take your payment and do not deliver services .
please refer to the ban list https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/wiki/bans before sending a seller payment especially if they claim to be verified but have not commented on your thread .
many of the sellers '' messaging you who will not comment are on this list .
there are many scammers who are not on this list do not work with unverified sellers !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexsells if you have any questions or concerns .
could this possibly be a good way to grow huge autos or is their .
no way to turn the buds that will be into anything but airy wastes of spaces and time
kanka sana ve saçına bağlı sana bağlı dediğim kısım erkeklerde çok bakımsız olmadıkça kuaför görmemiş saçın kadınlardaki kadar sırıtmadığını düşünüyorum yani sen de umursamazsan umursamazsın .
ayrıca sağlığı için beslenmene dikkat et bence çünkü cilt de saç da temelinde beslenmeyle çok alakalı .
saçına bağlı dediğim kısım ise saçın sağlıklı olup olmamasına göre saçın bir zamanda yıpranacak uçları kırılacak bunların öyle kırık durmaması için kısaltıyorlar .
sağlıktan da bağımsız saçın uzayınca muhtemelen eşit olmayacak her yerin uzunluğu bu halini beğenmezsen gidip saçım kat kat ben de eşitlemek istiyorum diyeceksin boyunu en kısa saçınla eşit tutacaklar .
başka da bir şey diyemem sanırım her ürüne kanma ben de ürün uzmanı falan değilim bir şey diyemem gerek duydukça bakım kremi falan yumuşatması için vs kullanıyorum .
steam even collects data on you and uses it for advertising games .
i 've had two hospital stays 4 days for one and 8 days for the other post op in the last 3 years so maybe i can assist you a bit there .
i woke up from surgery with the catheter in .
i do n't much remember removal but it was n't invasive at all they just grabbed the tube after like unplugging it from the bag or whatever and pulled until it came out .
i was on pain meds so i did n't have a bowel movement for almost a week .
they were coming in all the time to give meds and check vitals .
they 'd come in during food times to help me sit up my surgery was on my sternum so i could n't use arms to push myself up .
also visited for xrays which they did while i was in the bed and my surgeon stopped by once to see how i was doing .
i had a pt come in to walk around the hospital floor daily too .
i had issues with pain management but that was the anesthesiologists fault more than anything else .
my dad did come by a lot in the evenings to help me a bit more since hospital was pretty busy .
it 's been my go to since middle school because that entails lasers illusions the possibilities are endless !
we 're out of anesthesia and you need brain surgery .
wish we as a planet would get over it and find some other way to transfer good and services .
if you 've got more than this song you can already play shows
ohhh i have another one going to honest ed 's for the first time in 2008 or 2009 and buying a really cheap and tacky xxl robe bc they did n't have size small ... .i still wear that robe so warm and fuzzy
i did some ads a few years ago for a firearms store and went to the website to see what the business was about .
if i wanted to buy a traditional hunting rifle or shotgun wooden stock bolt action single shot etc i would have to wade through at least a page or two of military-style weapons .
why not choose this m16 copy so you can blow away the bad guys instead ?
and before you check out do n't forget to grab some tactical '' gear !
even and i 'm not making this up a tactical '' wallet !
everything you need to play soldier boy in the woods or on the street .
i mean the store even had the word tactical '' in the name and of course there were eagles and american flags festooned all over the site .
do n't forget to go over to our partner 's range also called something tactical '' so you can shoot targets with a liberal politician printed on the paper !
it 's chilling to hear him talk that way about wanting a kid .
my genetics allow me to be the perfect alcoholic/chain smoker that can live to 106 meanwhile having the metabolism speed of a suicidal turtle .
so despite eating nothing but fish chicken veggies and working out for the last two years i weigh 270 lbs with a 42 waist at 5 ' 10 '' .
a metabolism that can process something more than alcohol and niccotine .
you wrote all of my apprehensions about this ship .
if they ever get together romantically just for him to leave her to die in a lovely embrace with his sister i 'll throw the books in the fire and pretend they still are only best buddies
all i could think of is that scene from ted ... .
or it 's getting a proper nerf because they 're about to release something worse for the try-hards to flock to .
see if you have a microwave close by so you can have hot meals as well .
i got my order today but i did n't even get my radiant eevee box at all just an empty box with the brown package paper and no packing slip either extremely disappointed and it was from the pokémon center itself too
omg there 's a two person mount ? ? ?
i got ta go get one n ... .oh yeah no friends .
get to a 12 step program—— support is awesome ! ! !
only looking for the stuff it says in the title .
we 've been going through some shit for the past 3 years or so .
you need to take several seats wait until 15 at least .
best part was they already existed just run by insurance companies instead .
you need to add an option that says i 'm a woman or do n't have tinder show me the answers .
this reminds me of the movie upgrade and i love it
i wan na see some random dude like tht play against wnba starters with their second team .
idk where you are located but i found this https mobilesuitworld.com/products/hg-1-144-gundam-barbatos-long-distance-transport-booster-kutan-type-iii in puerto rico .
id look into it if its what you 're looking for
like seinfeld terribly selfish people put in awkward positions created by themselves .
i wish i could but i deleted it a while ago ... .
the bikes are going so fast the driver prob only saw the cars in the closest lane to him especially in the night with headlights blaring at you .
what do life-sentence prisoners want from a cell mate ?
would anyone else know where to post this where it would have a positive response ?
i 'm reluctant to do the shout out on the cambridge boston or mass subreddits for fear of a counter response .
he had the means for it the fact that he 's mick 's son .
i think those very means will play a big role in him getting a drive in f1 too .
and in all fairness he 's done justice to that trident seat .
i got told to stick to heals and that i 'm an ass dps .
yes i play support but i love play df and this kid had to counter swap and t bag me .
funniest shit in my life made me want to get better at doom honestly
that 's horrifying imagine that rolling up to your base and just spitting like 3 balls to kill a giga .
i wish he would at least put on a shirt lol
do you think they building too late at a time where the rwc is a year out ?
i usually play madolche heroes salamangreat pk and nekroz yes that 's too much probably 😂
nick nelson has been pretty decent the past four games .
https www.baseball-reference.com/players/gl.fcgi ? id=nelsoni01 t=p year=2022 insanely small sample size of maybe three weeks but..
the phillies would not have won that padres game without him .
thomson does not care for who pitches the 8th .
one thing that i 've noticed and love is that he puts seranthony out there against the other team 's heart of the order .
just last night instead of putting hand out there in the 8th thomson put out seranthony against the top of the order and that meant going up against goldschmidt and arenado .
i never understood why managers did n't do this more .
damn japan 's weapon companies move fast all ready patented and produced tetsuya yamagami 's prototype !
all 120 hz tvs still refresh the panel at 120 hz even if the input is just 60 hz .
it will refresh the same image twice this reduces ghosting and improves pixel blur .
before 120 fps input from next-gen consoles was a thing 120 hz tvs used their extra update cycles to improve motion cadence with 24 fps film using reverse pulldown truecinema/cinemotion etc .
depending on your tv brand since they could just hold each frame five times 24 x 5 120 instead of in 60 hz which does n't divide evenly with 24 .
except if you 're running pal 25/50 hz content at which point it will refresh at 100 hz instead .
this way a tv also does n't need to have eighty bajillion modes for every single different frame rate but instead can just serve all frame rates with just two refresh rates .
120 divides evenly with 24/30/60/120 while 100 divides evenly with 25/50/100 which is basically all you will need .
source am a big av nerd and know far too much about display technology .
if you go sugar free suddenly you 'll experience sort of withdrawal effects so that explains the headaches .
ok ! so if lindon is now a dreadgod monarch what is his secret anti-technique ? !
i ca n't wrap my head around how you got 17 upvotes for this bullshit comment .
you just put the ward on quickbuy to buy it asap
this is my favorite but the only reason i might not recommend it to start is if someone plans to do a whole ddl filmography i would end with there will be blood
well just like with most films i guess the trailer is better than the movie .
r/promoteonlyfans is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
imagine you own something like this you 're on vacation watch this on the news and remember you forgot the window open
i guess i 'm lucky with my location then haha .
but yeah usually you pay 1,10€ and then 10 cent for mustard or ketchup
this is the one sub i 'd actually love to mod for but sadly with kids and work i do n't have the time to be the people 's laxative .
all the best to our outgoing corkmaster k3r3g3 and welcome to the new andy mcniff whomever you may be .
ei tosin toimi tämä jos ei hyväksy että eläimiä kuolee prosessissa oli prosessi kuinka eettinen kun vain mahdollista siihen asti .
se on ihan ymmärtettävää ja ymmärrän mistä sellaiset tunteet tulee .
mutta maailma on jo valmiiksi niin päin vittua ja megakorpot ja vaikutusvaltaisimmat/rikkaimmat ihmiset eivät tee mitään tai läheskään tarpeeksi että maapallosta ei tulis helvettiä .
läntinen yhteiskunta räjähtää ja palaa poroksi sitten kun ilmastopakolaisia alkaa tuleen sadoissa miljoonissa ihmisiä tulee kuoleen nälkään ja sotaan miljoonissa .
jos ei mun elämän aikana niin sitten mun tulevan lapsen elämän aikana .
guaranteed to be too hot inside the batter too .
also back of the head the mask only covers the front .
i do n't think i had curfews as such .
if i had to be up for school it would n't matter when i went to bed .
as long as i could get up the next day .
once youve been totally smashed and tired you learn .
what so you can aim in downward or rotate it vertically ?
afraid that does n't really excuse or remedy the height problem but hey it 's your neck on the line lol
ong i genuinely wonder what he would be doing now if he never died
yep i ate in europe and flew all the way to india to shit on the beach .
ska på bröllop idag och vigseln är kl 14 .
i went to my gp because i needed something to help me sleep my partner died recently .
did n't see until i got home that he 'd given me antidepressants even though i have a horrible reaction to basically every type i 've ever been on .
thought maybe it would be different and took them for three days .
i have little memory of those three days it took close to a week to feel normal '' brain-wise after stopping them and the depression is worse than it was before a month on .
they really are too quick to prescribe them given that about ten percent of the population has awful reactions to them like that .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=favbrat6 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i watched a video of a stripper a suuuuuuuuuuuuper long time ago on youtube kids .
technically u can count the snow as a storm tho too
the mel is for equipment that can be missing or deactivated .
the cdl is for secondary structure that is in the airflow and can be missing or damaged .
youtubers acting like they have a phd in political science and engineering all why being a war general is a new impressive level of dumbassery
ba looking silly in the box with his hood up
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
na people like your partner are the issue stop being spinless and go tell your boss to pay you better .
as fas as i know they only need to verify that theyre are uv protective .
let 's be clear no one will give you their daughter 's hand if you do n't have house .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
to do what you planned both of you have to cancel your rental contract and propose each other as replacement tenants .
in this situation the landlord can not increase the rent .
however they can do something much more devesting do not accept you as a replacement relive you from all your obligations and rent the apartment s to somebody else .
there they could charge a higher rent within the limits the law allows .
advice before you hand in your reignitions you should discuss the plans with the landlord and get written conformation that the intended apartment swap is possible without rent increase and will be approved .
thank you so much i tried many times but was never happy with the looks '' of it .
just be patient and you 'll succeed if you need any tips happy to help !
i wonder when the last time two nh teams occupied the top 2 spots ?
did n't they already have a fight and steve had to get bailed out by the kids ?
how would we do an actual benchmarking for any public endpoint ?
80 minutes of parra fans blaming the ref this is going to be great
yes because they 've been irresponsible with them so far ?
you do n't see it because it 's built in the price of gas .
i ca n't pick a life choice and yet i see people my age and younger already way ahead because they knew what they wanted to do in life
walters would have snaffled that front and centre a few years ago
if you do n't want to stake you can use argo finance .
not sure on the team but foster should coach it for sure ...
when i ride the e-divvys i feel like there 's way too much thrust the moment i start going .
with the e-cabis that 's never been an issue it 's a much subtler e-assist .
she appears to quickly becoming a good obedient little slut drinking piss like a champ now and licking the toilet clean mmm a true delight .
as much as i admire you sticking it to the man and respect that everyone is different but this is just i have no impulse control i want my money back '' i assume that this will leave you with all the benefits chance at a benefit that spending gave you over the f2p players .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twentyplus if you have any questions or concerns .
appreciate your reply and i see what you mean .
although i feel you 're saying that talking it out '' is always victim mindset .
it 's definitely possible to have a mature and open-minded talk about feelings that can be mind-expanding for both parties in a positive way imo .
talking about what one is going through just seems very human to me .
you do know you 're not forced to see this one doctor right ?
keep supporting the establishment and making condescending remarks to those with the ability to form independent thoughts .
at least you can convince yourself you 're soooo smart and lift yourself out of the mire of social media consensus seeking misery you thrive in .
reminds me of a great family story ... my aunt stabbed a date with a fork !
back when my aunt was young cute and extra sassy in her late teens she 's still most of those things she went out with this guy once and he tried to grab some food off of her plate being flirty she smacked his hand away with her hand and explained that she grew up with 4 siblings and had honed her skills to protect her plate .
he realized it was n't so cute when on the second date he took her to a steak house and she had a sharp fork in her quick reflexive hand !
it definitely pierced the skin the story she tells the fork was sticking straight out of his hand !
my aunt was to cute and fun for her own good back then and could get away with stabbing dates at least once i think that guy apologized to her and even took her out again although did not try to steal any food from her plate !
i 've got my dollar account set up with computershare so they would pay usd into that account and through wise i just change it to gbp
hey we 're closer to the year the game takes place than it 's release date now unfortunately the game is pretty much dead and is seen by many as the last great game in the franchise 🤷‍♂️
it was probably a gunner 's mate but a cross-trained fc trainer would also qualify for the nec mos if i 'm looking at the right system .
seems somewhat similar to the mk38 mod 2 system which is a gm weapon .
though when there was something wrong with it the fc 's would end up troubleshooting it .
also met a lot of sailors who could n't swim .
and it 's not the expanse of the ocean that get you though it is very strange at first it 's the knowledge that underneath you is an entire environment where you are n't the top of the food chain .
i will only watch it if they make it an all stars villa .
the middle class are the overwhelming majority of the labor force in germany .
saying something created something does n't mean that the creation was an act of conscious choice but yeah it would n't be fair to label something that could just be a strange phenomenon as a god .
but again i feel like there is something that would be conscious .
i did fuck up on that wording man it 's 5 in the morning and i ai n't slept so i 'm not surprised
a child being taught that bad things is good .
so murder rape stealing and basically all crimes are considered good .
and then when they get to a certain age like 25 for example they get taught good morals and we see if they change or if they are stubborn and stick to their backwards morals .
i see a bird with muscular human arms hugging a tuna fish and crying
if so you prob just got some bs unless you 've never really liked or tried opiates before
did your grandpa collude with your grandma to mess with you .
i wish i could sell one of my accounts lulz .
i made a 2nd account since back then u could n't play another faction after u picked one at the start of every war .
that or let me move my other account stuff to my main account .
if i google mini musk lollies there seem to be a few places selling them .
but i have n't used any of them before .
so lt 's savvy way of doing populist politics is to frame every outlandish allegation against the establishment as an innocuous but clearly loaded question .
he never makes a direct allegation he knows he can not possibly back up in a court of law .
did the government give him safe harbour ? the loaded opening question in his first of many posts on the matter where he sowed the first seeds of doubt in the minds of his base and subsequently sat back and endorsed the rancour that ensued notably by liking every single one of the countless comments accusing singapore 's establishment of giving the rajapaksas asylum because the corrupt establishment is hankering after the ill-gotten gains of the leader 's family that is supposedly stashed away in one of our banks .
he uses his base as a nuclear chain reaction for falsehoods as a loudhailer for the things he 'd never say out loud and endorses all of it .
it 's so painfully obvious what he 's set out to achieve .
it 's insidious the way he uses his template q a-style populism to polarise society further with falsehoods .
what 's frustrating though is how hard it is to document and prove .
it is n't immediately evident with a simple screenshot of a post .
ok i 'll stop replying after that this is a waste of my time .
identifying dosent mean just saying you are like i dont just say i 'm french i identify as french there 's a difference .
also for most of history my definition was the one used so it was allways that exact meaning .
and ialready told you what a woman is read the thing you replied to
people should focus their anger more at world rugby then the refs
pretty sure the hardest difficulty on this one would still require high skills in combat .
she looks gorgeous plus the whole set and background dancers in that scene is so well done
unfortunately i also have n't done what i should as i am still in contact and still hope she will change her mind even if it is clear that she wo n't because she is happy with the girl she left me for .
i only refuse to see this even if it is right in front of me .
the first 2 fallouts are brutal and in no way whimsical nor is fallout 3 .
fallout 4 is a bit nicer but again not really wacky .
if you 're so ingrained in this sub that you know every post that comes through here and expect everyone to know the same before making a post you clearly need to start spending more time out of your mom 's basement .
no its based on sensory world facts and reality and that 's eventually where i create my bias from i dont hate anybody some people are extremely toxic
it changed my perspective of my relationship with my mother in my early 20s .
do i go for the m1 macbook pro 14 or the m2 macbook air base version ?
hi is the pre interview with the bot in chinese
hi there without further context i 'm not sure we can approve your post .
areas style of meeting eg clubs bars or alcohol free quiet areas etc .
some parts of the country have better lgbt communities than others..
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shouchongtv if you have any questions or concerns .
giannis gets way more favorable calls than unfavorable and that 's undeniable .
if you have nba players that agree he 's getting officiated unfairly it 's time to check your biases when you say otherwise .
it 's gon na sound stupid but i really love how the meowstress would hum the meownster hunter music if you stood near her long enough .
it just added an unprecedented level of atmosphere and was just very endearing .
it gives critical context for that quote which has nothing to do with exclusives lol
hint it 's about why they created streaming to phones
i 'd rather just see a separate original well-executed high school satire dark comedy that 's legitimately funny and not just drama
sadly you did n't add a flair to your submission .
please choose flair to allow other users to sort posts according to their needs and interests .
if you 're missing a flair you are warmly invited to send a modmail with flair proposals .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fotografie if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean it 's clearly a joke but i 'm gon na go out on a limb and say that most tiktok creator relationships are shit regardless .
so they had the wrong formula but the right answer .
when i went in for a bronchoscopy they just sprayed something in my throat to numb it and stuck the camera in .
what had he actually done in his first year in office to advance world peace ?
i feel badly for the family losing a child is a grief like no other .
today is actually the anniversary of my sons death .
i ca n't blame his mother for wanting to hold on to any hope she can and it 's so hard to let go .
i can understand feeling like withdrawing life support would be killing him and i can understand she is not thinking rationally .
that said it 's time to let him go .
archie as they knew him is gone and never coming back .
they want to let god decide and in my point of view if it 's only machines keeping him alive then god already made his choice .
always baffles me that doctors are accused of playing god '' when they want to turn the machines off but never when they turn the machines on
it had a head like a zit that popped and now this bump is left in its place .
i went to a minute clinic and have been applying bacatracin to it .
the bump is painless for the most part but sometimes it stings randomly .
i have to honestly wonder how much sex they can take .
i mean fs for at least 4 guys a day minimum and up to 10 every day .
their brains must be completely wired for it with the whole neuron dance between dopamine and serotonin or just shut off .
if i were a house painter i 'd probably have a hard time coming home to paint still-lifes .
but there 's a lot of chubby chefs out there so you can never be quite sure when a pro has or has not had enough .
i 'm taking my atf out for a lunch date next week then back to the spa for a massage .
i 'm sure it 'll lead to a good story so i 'll have to wait and see .
original halo odst games had destiny posters in game but have since been removed
you can add standing squats and lunges in to your mat routine .
i personally hate the side lying legs and find weight bearing leg work far more functional than the damn clamshell bs .
i always assumed torag viewed the world like one of those kid shows where you fight the bad guy and in the process convince them to be good now and nobody ever gets killed .
so your champion of torag is down there beating the crap out of someone and torag 's just cheering you on and enjoying the explosions but also waiting for everybody to get up afterwards like on the a-team .
then being surprised every time that being impaled with a bastard sword repeatedly kills people .
so no i 'm not projecting anything but disdain for men who try to control their daughters bodies because they themselves are disgusting and ca n't control sexual thoughts around young women .
also would n't your little saying fit nicely with this guy treating his daughter as if she 's an object or product '' ?
but you choose to think it applies to me .
that 's what happens when you 're not brainwashed into thinking all the answers are in an old ass book .
instead i learn and grow everyday .sadly not always to the good but i fucking try to be true to myself .
i 've lost my chance to be a skinny teen and part of my motivation to lose weight right now is so i can experienced being young attractive and skinny .
small and mid budget bollywood directors are still making some really stellar movies .
it 's mostly the big production houses that are doing terribly .
i feel bad for y'all i dont know what i 'd do if my lake dried up
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
are eligible for ongoing contests and can win free reddit premium coins and flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/womenbendingover if you have any questions or concerns .
time to patch up your heart and move on !
seeing the lineup by day really shows how absolute trash the lineup is this year lol
i 'd say test 1-3 for sure but ca n't say exactly .
are these your family 's results and yours ? ?
u/satosere10 friendly reminder that the subreddit has undergone changes .
if you are n't familiar with them yet you can read about them here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nhentai if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's 25 for a whole day of multiple acts .
a lot of the time you can get in free .
that 's an insane deal considering tickets for tours almost never even start that low anymore .
and even when you want to see someone at the main stage you can also see the rest of the festival for the day without paying for an extra ticket .
i get we 've been spoiled here but sometimes i wonder at how people parse this shit .
wiit under mir liit 's wolkemeer de ventilator summet liisli es isch als gäb 's mich nüme meh ...
use it for cries and chicken wings and the occasional crab cake .
there are a ton of recipes that you can do that i do n't do but i use it enough to justify the purchase .
please provide evidence like i have every step of the way or gtfo .
and the only knowledge you have is out of the bias from drinking the pakistani-hate koolaid .
muslims especially paki muslims are the root of all evil is n't it .
it 's funny that you think the other side is brainwashed while it 's you who are brainwashed by what you believe to be true facts by the supposedly morally superior entities you follow .
give it a decade you will start to see realities of the world or you wo n't .
everyone has an agenda or propaganda to push which is fine but if you come at it with strong prejudice with the only real intent being being to vent and hate do n't bother .
he 's highly expert in his field it 's just this was only his fourth case testifying as an expert witness and i do n't think he was prepared for the underhand tricks they use on the stand so he struggled a bit .
he showed in his testimony that he really cares about his patients not just another shrink .
i remember him trying to talk about the rates of ipv because he was genuinely concerned and he was cut off .
they could n't even fill out the jury form .
they awarded damages and did n't think to write in on the form .
lawyers have come out to say that if it was a judge only case he would have lost like he did in the uk .
they said he won because of darvo and judges are wide to this tactic but juries are not .
my wife and i had some the other night .
it was ok i ordered from the app for 2 bucks each and it honestly feels like it should be less than that .
i get that chicken prices have gone up this year but i had the same issue this guy did .
the chicken strip was not even long enough to be have the length of the soft taco .
oh please they could have used any other more relevant mp but it has to be jc .
no point in getting mad about expenses imo nothing is going to change because atm it 's either the tories or tory-lite with keir so makes no difference if the everyday person is mad or not because the government is still going to be corrupt .
i 'm not sure harper went this far right and pp has given the libs so much campaign content i.e .
marching with protestors pushing btc one 1 week before its bottom dropped out etc .
seems like he 's shot himself in the foot — but i guess time will tell in terms of how done people are with trudeau at the time of the next election .
simeone gets the attacking fullback to replace trippier he wanted .
molina had his breakout with udinese and argentina and now he gets to play for a big club and in the ucl .
those plants look beautiful but after years of salt that stuff will never come off this concrete lol
greep channeling his inner al pacino to fucking perfection with i 'll tell you for free
i 'm not even especially shopping right now but i feel like that would be an easy insta-buy for me .
they kicked my boy in the nuts with further nerfs khepri cause of win rate not because the god is getting lots of kills not cause his damage is insane like so many gods currently but because he does his job well idk seems like they just do n't want me to enjoy my boy lol
youtube premium 's features should be automatic instead of something you have to pay for monthly .
not sure why everyone is saying she added a new random letter .
the l '' only looked like it appeared out of nowhere because she removed it while going through different word options .
this clip is only a couple of seconds of a much longer one .
i had to drop my monte preseason winner pick flair because of how absurdly unaware they both are .
how the hell are the mechanical engineer and the lawyer prodigy this susceptible to like the most basic social psych tricks
yeah sadly i do n't think my neighborhood in 80918 is covered .
you do n't appear to be asking a question .
if you feel this was done in error or would like better clarification or need further assistance please message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/ask subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20/u/ashamed-slide4622 message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20 this 20submission https www.reddit.com/r/ask/comments/vzto3v/update_to_my_last_post
i dont feel my birthday or christmas in the same way as i was 8 or 9 ...
jin ko rokna hai woh ruktay nhn hain in ko rok lo
a narcissist wo n't care unless he needs something from them .
usually it 's co-signing a loan or a credit card .
but for someone like him he 'll probably be asking them to return property he gifted their mother .
a. audiometric hearing levels are measured by audiometers calibrated to the standards inamerican national standards institute s3.6-2010 and will be used to test the hearing of all applicants .
current hearing threshold level in either ear that exceeds 1 pure tone at 500 1000 and 2000 cycles per second for each ear of more than 25 decibels db on the average with any individual level greater than 30 db at those frequencies .
2 pure tone level more than 35 db at 3000 cycles per second or 45 db at 4000 cycles per second for each ear .
3 there is no standard for 6000 cycles per second .
current defect that would require either recurrent evaluation or treatment or that may reasonably be expected to prevent or interfere with the proper wearing or use of military equipment including hearing protection to include atresia of the external ear or severe microtia congenital or acquired stenosis chronic otitis externa or severe external ear deformity .
any history of ménière 's syndrome or other chronic diseases of the vestibular system .
e. history of any inner or middle ear surgery .
f. current perforation of the tympanic membrane or history of surgery to correct perforation during the preceding 180 days .
g. chronic eustachian tube dysfunction within the last 3 years as evidenced by retracted tympanic membrane or recurrent otitis media or the need for pressure-equalization tube
mari why are you confining him to this small area ?
as a realtor i have never heard the term andersonville east .
i mean at the very least eccleston 's are out there .
i do n't feel bad that mine is like at 700 or something now
das haben früher alle mit nazi verbindungen gemacht und das gold in der schweiz gebunkert
it 's all dependent on your school yours or your parents assets/income number in the family in school etc .
it 's a whole pita to figure out the formula that determines your aid .
it 's almost like they made it difficult on purpose !
if you are struggling with tuition hell even if you are n't !
i 'd still suggest setting up an appointment with financial aid office .
sometimes all it takes is asking for some more resources to get some help !
they probably wo n't hand you a check then and there but they 'll definitely have resources for other scholarships 🥰
what are these guys ' obsession with peter ? ?
in case there is an emergency and i need to get up in a hurry .
a pseudo aristocracy with no duty towards nor incentive to help the common man .
0.001 chance of being able to turn off the visuals for the annoying ones .
but you only get to turn off one and it 's random .
she 's feeling okay but we 're still not so sure what is going on with her .
i 'm sorry that you 've also has this experience
no this is based on 5-6 billion in annual cash expenses and 180 billion in invested savings at year-end 2021 .
if you include a projected tithing receipts b projected long-term investment returns at 7-8 year and c church policy to always spend less than it expects to take in each year in tithing then technically the church has infinite financial runway .
actually the infinite runway is true with just a and c above .
the contribution of b future investment returns serves only to allow for c to be violated in the future .
if c is never violated then technically the church does not need any investment savings or investment profits at any time now or in the future .
i saw an old video of a man suffering from rabies infection .
it was horrific and is etched in my memory .
i would n't wish that on even the most loathsome evil person on the planet .
uh ... what 's the last time i saw a hero go enjoyably power-drunk ... um ...
my son got this sloth from his grandma and it 's become his favorite .
i 've been looking to buy another one to keep as a spare for when this one goes .
i 've tried googling the tag information which i 've attached the photos of and ca n't seem to find this style of sloth .
every promo of pw is a step i take towards being biased to aakash and allen .
yaar itna badhiya institute tha pw and what shit is this ?
then it 's an irrelevant semantic point as you still agree with the main argument i am making
right if trump-type people can say look even the ukrainian us authority agrees with us on this '' it would give them a lot of leverage to push their own isolationist views gain more support more broadly .
they were explicitly designed to be a range toy .
i 've managed to pull this slide trick off a couple of times but usually it 's better to shoot them from a distance .
if so i would then uninstall the drivers using appwiz.cpl from the run command or just navigating to uninstall or change a program '' in control panel .
let windows use its own basic drivers and see if the screen is okay .
if so reinstall the newest drivers for your actual video card .
also maybe i missed something but why would billy bob go through all that if he knows he 'll crack as soon as they threaten the girl again ?
is it that small they ca n't see it ?
so this is your personal bathroom you made to be a liminal space ?
i have n't used corsair ram before but they 're pretty reliable .
ram was their main/only product line back in the day .
if it 's working out of the box it should last longer than you 'll want it for .
the ram in my pc is 7 years old now and i 'm only just starting to think about upgrading .
all i need to shove my cock in-between those tits
wish i were there to suck on those beauties 😘
thank you u/no-affect-8441 for posting your submission has been successfully posted in r/tattooedgirls !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattooedgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
truly i think this kardashian obsession and them fostering it is going to end up getting one or some of the offed one day .
it 's really weird how hard they hustle for more more more when they already have it all .
every time you break his zoroark 's disguise kokichi has some line like it was a lie ! or nishishi i knew you 'd see through that lie !
can use the slayer helm stash as a way to store the scroll and swap it to imbue berserker ring when needed .
i love julie but she was wrong on several accounts .
she pushed for marissa to stay with luke because he had money and blamed marissa 's problems on ryan .
she did n't want to send marissa away for her own good but so that everyone would n't talk
i 'd prefer for the mods to outright purge all of the sexually suggestive content— be it male female gay or lesbian .
reddit would be as stressful of a scrolling session as twitter notorious for its awful algorithm if everyone just gets to do however they want and having to deal with all of its byproducts opposing interests factions and revolutionism would be troublesome .
remove nsfw tag entirely and restrict all 18 content from being posted .
the game itself is rated teen”— the sub should at least reflect that .
a cat is considered overweight when you ca n't see its ribcage anymore and when its abdomen is very round .
i think it 's fair to say that the one pictured here however cute he may be is definitely in the obese category .
i do n't mind the 11 redesign but the lack of consistency kills me
urban is probably the best mnk fragger in emea right now .
aim-wise there might be people on par or even better than him but his strafe is something else .
bruh why are you carrying a cross for lowe 's ?
if you willing to give up some time for your coworkers go on strike organize a call out .
doing this puts zero burden in lowe 's an all of it on coworkers .
if you can afford to sacrifice a hour surely lowe 's can afford a shift it may not completely need to schedule .
we will not have a relationship friendship and i 'll become negatively biased if i find out you smoke .
do people use fell in love to refer to non-romantic love ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexy_asians if you have any questions or concerns .
promising that carlos knows how to clear balls out the box
i assume it does not by the sound of it but does it have flouride ?
hey lots of different people wear all black all the time do n't lump all of us in with this kind of shit
he 's a white male and all the shows i watch mean that he must be some deranged terrorist fuck man .
do n't worry you did n't break any rules this happens to all posts that get less than a certain amount of upvotes in 24h .
if you have a question regarding the removal feel free to contact the mods .
please do not reply to the bot as it can not respond to messages or inquiry .
i would say ahig is an underrated album simply because as a whole it 's not slipknot 's favorite album either .
but the black and thrash metal influences that riddled that album are incredibly complex and the more i listen to it now as it ages the better it sounds to me .
people get in the hive mind mentality of well if they do n't like it i do n't like it .
but i found drinking hot water to be the real mvp .
perché allora forse dalla mia app non vedo la chat ma solo i messaggi diretti .
i do n't mind out-of-game shopping since balancing the books can cut into roleplay or adventuring time but i do ask that all purchases be pmed to me at the very least .
if someone announced they had an item like this my response would be no you do n't . ''
because there is a difference between between-sessions shopping and blatant cheating .
i 'm not quite sure what aesthetic you were going for but damned if it does n't look cool .
i do n't personally think of mimikyu as a pikachu clone given how it 's not a rodent nor an electric type but i easily like it more than any of the actual pika clones so ...
wir sind bei einem guten freund im süden schwedens zum sommerfest .
es gibt alles mögliche an mariniertem fleisch unmengen an schwedischem kartoffelsalat selbstgebackenem brot .
da bin ich super gespannt drauf da ich es gar kannte .
zum mittag gibt es selbstgemachte lasagne nach schwedischer art .
diverse arten von schwedischem käse und schwedischer bauchspeck sehr sehr mächtiges gericht aber so wahnsinnig lecker .
muss da langsam machen damit ich mich nicht ablegen muss danach lol
oh yes🍌💦👃👃👃your asshole looks so delicious i want to smell it and jerk off while i 'm going to jerk off on you too .
then i fuck you really hard in your small dirty brown rosette i want to taste it ... .i wank my greade on your brown asshole🍌💦👃👃👃👅🤤🤤
i need to see the whole grid please op deliver
he 's the greatest executive of nba of all time when he joined the teams he will create a contender .
have n't heard of sp but i 'm about to look thru their website .
i forgot about gearwrench and i need to buy a couple good ratchets so i 'll be checking them out .
i agree with everything you said except one thing .
i think 76 would have been more successful had they catered strictly to the pvp player base for 76 and then created a co-op for fallout 4 .
both would have taken less work than what they 're doing now .
no interest in helping somebody who does n't think they also need to contribute to society .
one that i can think of is ontario hydro transmission system .
just before it went public they spent way less on maintenance of the lines .
no replacing hydro poles even though preventative maintenance was the norm just to goose the earnings .
we ended up having many more electrical outages for a while .
i think this kind of thing happens all the time in business and you probably are n't going to find it unless you do deep digging into a company .
you can just twist the bones a bit to release from the cartilage
ironically i 've had a few very close calls that make me jump into action whenever i see a medical emergency .
my wife is always surprised at how calm and efficient i work in those circumstances .
hold my coat and shoes i 'm going in .
please allow me to apply pressure and break out the superglue .
here i come to perform cpr cat did n't make it .
what 's the best place in wyoming for mountainbikers to go on vacation to ?
i grip your ass tightly as i rise up to meet you .
i kiss you the taste of you still in my mouth .
well that means you have to be a bad girl first .
it has to be coherent and correct english most people do n't care about accent .
how can i suck it if it 's hiding ?
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're not talking mods anymore youre looking for add-ons .
and i doubta modder will invest their time in that .
i think s7 is my number 3 on a top 10 list i really loved it i dont think its boring at all and its really good i love every season its ninjago if lego creates something its good and s6 is ok i dont think it was my fav but still a number 4
hi u/estidestiloso your submission has been temporarily removed because it might be a tech support post .
your post has already been automatically sent to the mods for review and they will approve your post if you are n't asking for assistance with a tech support issue .
tech support posts are only allowed on mondays in the utc timezone https www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/timezone/utc .
if you are having an issue with your computer you can repost your submission next monday using the tech support '' flair or post it now to r/techsupport or r/windowshelp .
you may also want to share your problem on our simple questions help thread https www.reddit.com/r/windows/search ? q=simple+questions+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on t=week to get assistance from other members or check if your question is already answered in the windows 10 frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/windows10/wiki/faq
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/windows10 if you have any questions or concerns .
that might sound impressive but i tend to have a real hard time processing game rules ...
thanks for the reference sheet that will probably come in handy
in congress bernie has fought passionately for working classes focusing on the decreasing middle class and increasing gap between the wealthy and everyone else .
the millionaires have run the usa for long enough and bernie fights for the issues of the working class .
maybe i have been watching too much stranger things '' but i feel like the scream s actually did something material .
i hate this trend of hiring the composer from the films getting them to do a theme tune and then not using anything else from the films .
i never played the first one but man this one is so freaking cool .
it 's a lot of fun and it just looks so neat .
it 's funny because when it launched i just kept thinking man this will be so boring hot wheels ?
i 've never been so wrong about something in my life quite honestly .
my only worry is that it 'll be too short and there are n't many races i 've only completed the very first event .
and in my area uber is actually more used .
most of the time if i even try to schedule a lyft i get the no cars available/very few drivers available '' and i end up having to wait forever .
where typically if i schedule an uber i get a driver quickly this is with non pre-scheduled .
peppers was misused as a coverage safety which he 's okay at really good at being a linebacker hybrid box safety .
i expect bill to use him like jamal adams was used .
i do n't see why not as long as you have something for them to climb .
they 'll still spill seeds all over and spread though depending on your climate .
my mom 's reseed themselves but i live in a slightly cooler zone due to elevation i think i 'm in 5b and i had to plant seed i saved from the previous year to get mine to grow .
prime or bayverse but i have to say there are a lot more people who like the bayverse shockwave than i thought
yeah i think reddit is mainly used by younger people .
sideshow 's facebook group made me believe that average collector age is 45 .
went on a saturday afternoon recently and parked at the glider port plenty of parking .
it 's still worth the gold price but as a collector item it 's doomed
you 're definitely not finding any cheap airbnbs anywhere near austin during acl .
luckily my fiancé 's aunt lives downtown so i can just park there now .
but before then it was park downtown and take the shuttle .
i 'm a lazy pos so walking to and back is n't my thing because i 'm already spending 8 hrs in the heat possibly cold walking all day or standing .
i 'm in no rush to get to and from the festival .
i go early so getting on the shuttle is almost immediate no wait .
it 's just the return that 's a bit more time consuming .
you probably spend roughly the same amount of time walking back because of all the foot traffic .
think of the kind of prestige being a teacher at established and sol oriented academies must bring .
even knights kings and queens would be easier to find simply because being a combat instructor at west point or sandhurst is a position worth a great deal in social credit as well as monetary value .
also being within the same system as central command would pull a good number of very high ranked guests to further the opportunity of advancement .
please delete this is too good of a knowledge for these mere mortals
god i 'm flashing back to when it first came out .
just yeah it 's easier to form a full alliance in party finder than to roulette this . ''
do you realize how much conservatives hated particular democrats especially but certainly not limited to the clinton 's ?
this piece of shit needs to suffer as he goes .
i do n't have a lot of people to play with consistently and i do n't like solo queing so i just hang out in qp
if you 're not bring paid a huge salary for that then i 'd straight up refuse .
i requested a free trial of dior lee 's 7-day membership at https onlyfans.com/dior.lee ? c=18 .
man i wish they would commit and do it imagine a next gen version with the adaptive triggers controllers
swear to god everybody on this site got the thinnest skin .
it 's a reference to i offer you an accord .
wow that 's great you were able to get one opening day !
if i can go out early it 'll be a few weeks before .
i found an area that looks like it could work out so maybe i 'll spot and stalk around it on saturday while looking for a spot to sit for sunday .
yes but he does entire shows almost all about trans people .
it 's too much and he needs some new material
in samsara everybody is subject to pain and to inflict pain to some degree .
it 's been confirmed to be able to go toe to toe with the gura fruit and we 've seen what it can do .
imagine if you just let loose with it you just fire blast after blast of magma into the air and it rains down on everything in a huge vicinity around you just like what akainu did but on a larger scale given he had to be wary of hurting his ally 's .
i remember reading a fan made chapter of luffy vs akainu .
one of akainu 's attacks was he created a volcano and used the opening part of it as a cannon to shoot magma out of .
now obviously that is n't canon but seeing punk hazard why ca n't it be ?
if you were in a fight with someone even if you end up loosing you will without a doubt leave them with lasting damage .
the fruit arguably has the best feats out of all the logias and it has been stated to have one of the highest offensive outputs out of every devil fruit .
not to mention there is little to no counter to the fruit .
you can block almost any kind of attack by creating a wall of magma or just counter attacking and there 's little to no defense to use against the fruit .
i wish the toughness scale would have a label and numbers .
it 's so hard to find anything on toughness aside from diamonds are only pretty tough but jade is extremely tough . ''
i visited a jeweler today and they seemed to believe diamonds are tougher than rubies !
there seems to be a lot of misconceptions about toughness even from vendors .
they could n't really tell me much about toughness at all except that they believed diamonds were tougher than other gemstones .
thank you for your submission and sharing the love on r/selenagomezhot !
hope you have read the rules and adhered to them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selenagomezhot if you have any questions or concerns .
hey we are running ⭐ a contest https redd.it/v964l3 ⭐ for you right now !
participation in the honor magic moments contest round 2 is open internationally and honor is providing devices and cash prizes for ten winners !
contest ends on august 15th https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/spring ? iso=20220816t00 p0=1440 msg=honor+magic+moments+x+i+took+a+picture+contest+round+2 font=sanserif csz=1 so go check out the announcement post https redd.it/v964l3 or have a look at the contest entries so far https www.reddit.com/r/itookapicture/search ? sort=new q=flair 3a 22honor+magic+moments+2022+2 22 t=all include_over_18=on restrict_sr=on .
32583258 what did you want this photo to be like ?
do n't reply directly to this comment instead make a new comment on your submission here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/itookapicture if you have any questions or concerns .
jimmy wang yang as in the former wwe superstar jimmy wang yang ?
you have said the same thing to many different people you want me to start naming names this is all a flag to bring me down
at least he 's stopped saying poland is going to invade ukraine for now lol
to be fair one that can last insanely long but that may or may not be a good thing lol
i found out myself which obviously makes the situation so much worse .
he said he was scared to tell me because he 'd lose another important person in his life and he could n't face it .
he also said that she had asked to meet up and that 's when he ended the interactions but i do n't know who this girl is to confirm if that 's true !
if not for the already cracked open a beer comment alone he 's also tried for years to help her be able to drive herself .
day of he tried to help her make sure she got up on time to catch the public transportation she was supposed to be taking and she 's a grown adult human that should n't need another person to rouse her awake to make time to get ready and arrive at something important to her .
it was not at all his responsibility to try to wake her let alone drive her to her destination .
she also could have called a lyft or an uber if it was such a big deal to get there and she did n't do that either .
we training bitches like the miltary real pimpin shit ya hurr
i went with a blem set from live free armory
i 've got a dewalt 1/2 inch drive that takes off 18 wheeler lug nuts .
just let me know i 've got you covered .
i live just south of st elmo tennessee right across the state line in georgia .
aleve is the only pain medication out there that actually works for me .
try aleve before you cave to the dark side .
i buy the collector 's tins for pokemon cards and just throw 'em in there .
being good at math or science has nothing to do with autism .
autistic people sometimes can greatly excel in a specific focus they fixate on but that focus in no way has to be math or science .
neurotypical people can also be really good at math or science .
some note worthy things about this is it has the gen4 metal table and larger lid bail which are a huge upgrade from all previous generations .
notice how the one fan is n't even in the case .
i 'm sure it ca n't be doin the best efficiency .
that specific fan does n't fit because of the memory layout .
i feel like the spirit of the question was more major cities .
so lv and carson or sf and fresno would be more apt .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dylanteroyt if you have any questions or concerns .
in a well-built deck it is normal to play a card or multiple !
ahh same thing happened to me right after i got new tires last fall !
when i had it patched the guy told me new tires are much more prone to picking up nails .
i 'm doing that little huff and puff type of giggle upon reading this it 's so funny to me 😭😭
who is the alien also what kind of alien ?
starwars aliens star trek aliens start gate aliens the traditional grey/green men aliens .
i think he said his stbx wife believes that 's why he got a new gf ...
hey can you help me out by giving me some karma back ?
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/tiktokcringe/comments/w4wauy/uncle_level_500 32 32
please remember there are real people on the other side of the monitor and to be kind .
report comments that break the rules and do n't respond to negativity with negativity !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comics if you have any questions or concerns .
in 20 rounds we drafted 0 players out of high school 2 players out of juco and 18 out of 4-year colleges .
out of those position players we 've got 3 outfielders 1 shortstop and 1 third baseman .
it 's not unusual for us to skew toward pitchers in the draft or for us to skew toward college players .
this is the first time ever that we did not draft a single high school player not counting the short 2020 draft .
typically you draft for talent not for position or level of play .
but i ca n't help but think both of these trends are fully intentional .
the draft was cut from 40 rounds to 20 in recent years so maybe taking a gamble on high school players just is n't worth it anymore ?
college pitchers have always been a safer bet than hs pitchers anyway maybe that 's now extending to everyone that is n't straight up elite .
the giants dodgers and rays all seem to skewing toward college players more than before to my eye .
as for all the pitchers ... i 'm really not sure .
maybe it 's just coincidence maybe it 's that you need more cheap pitching than you do cheap bats .
maybe they 're planning to deal from pitching depth at the deadline and want advanced arms to try and quickly replace them in the system !
i do wonder if we 're specifically targeting college pitchers in the draft and younger bats on the international market .
the arms of 16 year olds are maybe too risky to go heavy on ?
i would say the qaroma for flavor and also the lack of exposed coil .
if you 're worried about it being fragile the ceroma is a really nice alternative that is more durable than the quartz .
we also have the taroma lite on the way now which is an exposed coil design from qaromashop .
must be hundreds or popups ads and tracking cookies ...
your post has been removed because your account is less than 7 days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bpd if you have any questions or concerns .
merab wrestlefucking aldo for 15 minutes will be awful to watch and will make me seethe
i played the first 30 minutes and i left it .
you will hear from the mom and dad when the baby is born and they will invite you to come over .
coming over uninvited is very rude our waiting rooms are not even made for that .
they are for other pregnant women who have an appointment .
you will be invited by the parents but waiting outside is considered an invasion of privacy as the mother should be able to rest and have at least 2 hours with her baby uninterrupted for bonding .
you are not to go to the hospital and wait there .
i mean it can take days to deliver a baby !
a scrap of worthless paper with the official government stamp on it does not make a marriage .
would n't marvel 's spider-man be more in the time frame being compared ?
du hast doch selbst unter den artikeln der letzten wochen zum thema diskutiert die artikel dann doch wohl auch gelesen .
wissing hat auch eine bezuschussung durch den bund in aussicht gestellt .
am ende ist er halt nur moderator mehr gesteht ihm das grundgesetz nicht zu aber das klare ziel anschlusslösung hat er doch vorgegeben und die länder dafür an den verhandlungstisch geholt .
und dass nicht er zuständig ist sondern die länder auch das sagt wissing seit wochen immer wieder .
auch in den artikeln unter denen du kommentiert hast .
just one lift left for 26 floors worth of residents .
why did the guy apologize for saying fucking '' unless he knew this was for a channel ?
he said it before the guy said it was recording ...
the other people talking about how this most likely is not new are probably correct and he might even need help realizing he was abused .
neither of your brains are even fully developed and she is preying on your brother .
a normal relationship between a 22 and 46 year old is troubling to me ... add in the incest and something needs to be done .
omen but i like it 🗿 i think there are really good spots to blind and tp
cause i think that 's where she is headed next .
it does n't matter if the supply is used for hotelling instead of housing if there 's enough of it it will drive down the value of hotelling and more people will elect to use the supply for housing .
i know it 's an imperfect analogy but does that kinda mean that termites sweat methane ?
however no sgc also has researchers who 's sole job is to research the cards they 're grading which is n't always perfect mind you .
basically this would be a big miss but they know of this reprint .
i meant like if you went and got a card signed by tatis and it was originally some random base tatis card .
they could be waiting until august as nothing is happening that month .
finger 's crossed yours craps out before the warranty expires .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/noticiasargentinas if you have any questions or concerns .
kneel down when u visit a grave and clean the stone of the deceased one that 's full of leaves .
at least that 's my take on it which i find quite good .
combine both countries unlivable spaces and you 'd have some temperate lush green terrain
ca n't unsee the lazy eyes of mcgrady since that thread the other day .
if they are a manager they do n't have to be front end people necessarily .
for those who ca n't be bothered to click the link .
combined with also used as used to describe things with a dual nature or function .
you could say the same thing about the united states .
capitalism took it from a shattered war torn country in 1789 to an economic powerhouse in a few short decades .
soalnya kerjaan lain dia udah gagal kalau ngurus surat2 kan at least ada duit yg masuk entah pungli or apa
obvious one but in my apartment block i 've seen a white pickup truck with huge red font on the back window that states
i 've never wanted to put biden stickers on a truck so badly .
it all starts with raising awareness and discussions within our community .
this is a large reason why i made this post .
i really wanted corn for dinner but i refused to buy it due to its packaging .
one person alone cant make enough of a difference so i wanted to raise awareness .
dang i did n't realize how much i 'd love that !
also i do n't believe this is criterion but mommy was an immediate 10 for me
i understand why you done that but my manz been there for me thru too much for me to give up on him what sucks is that he is just a lil teenager like me but he surrounded by yes men and bad influences .
my manz brother is deadass double his age but influencing him to start gang banging it to the point where my manz is doing drugs .
i 've stayed up with bro multiple nights just to try and talk him down from doing some dumb shit crazy what a lil bit of music and bad influence can do to a excellent young man .
mass lockups of black people has been a democrat thing for decades
you maybe right about the quality of the cable i 'll check that
michael was a compulsive liar and should have been weeded out in the matching process .
meka was much better but was not exactly wife material .
if your entire social media footprint is look how great i look in this bikini ! ''
then you are seeking attention in a very shallow way and are not ready for an adult marriage .
little aside but it 's weirdly comforting seeing breaking bad-era jimmy with better call saul-era hair in the cold opening to quite a ride i do n't know why they reused the wig for that scene and i do n't really care about consistency or anything it 's just comforting seeing jimmy with his full head of hair even if it 's an oversight
i wanted to sue them but i did n't .
recently ko lang rin na try kasi biglang daming pasalubong kay mama na avocado galing rizal so i thought why not maiba naman 😋
i was expecting bungie to add more armor cosmetics from what they were selling this pass to be ... instead it 's just fairly disappointing shaders emotes and ugly exotic ship .
it 's so funny because the text right above you no where there says you mentioning earplugs as bad energy .
i said you coming in with your math and know it all knowledge was .
hot tube time machine is clearly 1 for comedy even better than back to the future and bill and ted 's .
so your take is that we 're doing this because nate is known to get extreme flukes ?
when everyone in your family smokes cigars you realise how much of a pussy a vaper is .
not the heroes we deserve but the heroes we need
i smell a sweet sweet lawsuit coming up from this .
it 's management 's responsibility to do inventory and be aware of food waste or stealing .
i still remember this one story i heard about where a barbarian tried to throw a gnome over a fortress wall but the roll for the throw was messed so he just planted that lil sucker into the wall like an american football
ta you had pro.ised your sister repeatedly prior to your wife 's announcement that you could go
i 'm not sure what the goal was but it does n't look crappy to me .
not sure how it 'd belong here but holy shit this is perfect for r/confidentlyincorrect imo
it 's part of the got furniture collection the iron stool .
according to schumer 's and manchin 's offices the bill will raise 739 billing in revenue through irs tax enforcement the corporate minimum tax irs tax enforcement and closing the carried interest loophole .
it will spend 433 billion total they said on energy and climate change provisions and on the aca extension . ''
it would be political suicide for whichever party attempted it not to mention so many politicians are landlords who would never support such change because of their personal assets .
market hanging on to hopes and dreams that jpow is right when he flat out lies and makes it sound like things are getting better ... just wait until people realize that we 're still just as fuk as before
she said he moaned and grunted while pulling at her bikini bottom .
the woman said her mother managed to pull him off her while they both screamed for help .
she said he continued chasing them around in circles asking for a hug for nearly 15 minutes while waiting for police to arrive .
does that sound like someone who is well enough to even know what the word 'rape ' is let alone say it ?
something 's not right in this article ... . clearly awful for everyone but it sounds like someone who does not understand social boundaries not who is out to rape a person
sad that this lightning is still no match to wits '
the information contained on this subreddit is not intended as and shall not
accountants attorneys financial advisors nor are we holding ourselves out to
the information contained on this subreddit is not a substitute for
financial advice from a professional who is aware of the facts and
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/altstreetbets if you have any questions or concerns .
interested to know the legal position if you co-own a house with someone tenant in common but they live in it with their family but you do n't .
if it was empty it would still have to be paid but also if the co tenant lived alone they would get a 25 disc so 50/50 does n't seem fair either ... 37.5/62.5 split a compromise .
let me know if you have or know someone who does !
i 've helped other moms in public before and other moms have helped me before .
but never have they just walked up and tried to assume control of the situation without even asking first .
ah yeah let 's throw a long term member of the club into the u23s .
okay thought that would be a good way to go but my friend said they do n't like that ?
so i got confused but you 're saying it 's a good idea so i trust ya
your closet used to be or was going to be a bathroom .
that looks like a capped sewer pipe for a toilet .
thanks for the advice i 'll keep that in mind i do have james at the moment .
if i decide to double up on chelsea sounds like a good option
yea 87 in his career but he only needed one good one in the first fight with stipe .
prominent credit probably drove new people to the game .
special thanks to star trek online '' in big letters in the credits for episodes 1 and 10 probably got a bunch of people to go huh wonder that that is ?
i get what summers saying but idk what deji is going on about .
why is he claiming to be so shocked when indiyah legit said she dodged he when he tried to kiss her
who cares about omar 's best-of compilation from 10 years ago .
i love my job more than u think its people like you that make us hate our job .
it also dispelled joe 's claim of working his ass off '' .
him and dave are hanging around bullshiting filming each other like highschool girls .
he does n't realize busting your ass means showing up and immediately getting after it .
no bullshiting just on a task working quickly and efficiently non stop all day completely focuses minus a lunch break ... maybe .
on twitter somebody told them about the bug and they replied saying they 'll ban anyone who uses the mod not realizing it 's literally their own doing .
try and catch one of their names then oi insert name tell your mum il be round to grab my boxers later
i was gon na start writing an answer like hmm level 89 that 's not too bad .
if this guy posts a picture of his tickets page and they have 70 he tickets for d/k/g saved up i 'm gon na totally lose it .
also untouchables is still available have n't received payment for it so it 's yours if you want it .
credit also for not getting stubborn and playing hardball .
i feel like baalke would have given him the middle finger and yorke would have been cowed .
the word was not deemed as offensive here as in the us before the internet age .
a dead give away always on the body are the screw placements on the back plate .
fakes always have the screws placed symmetrically where if you look at a real strat the two middle screws are offset from each other .
it 's one of the first things i look for when deciding if it 's a fake or not .
and the funny thing is that it would be a very simple thing to offset the screws properly thus making a fake harder to detect but they just do n't care to do it i guess lol .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
the predictive is there but only a small line .
i do n't understand why you 're not grinding kromer
do n't you want to be a big shot ?
on youtube you can find some guides in english i think the videos help a lot .
and about those protectors i 've seen them in some japanese tamas so i guess they get them there .
you can try to get a normal protector and glue it on top so as not to lose that cute one
it 'll be my pleasure to see you crumbling with tears and eyeliner running down your beautiful face bun 3
nystatin is a pretty benign medication and i 'm obviously not giving medical advice but i would trial it especially if you think you have thrush
or someone trying to repair their damaged ego by dating someone as tall as their ex that dumped them .
i thought i was crazy when it happened to me .
i 'm at a loss for what causes it .
i think putin isolated himself to much and the people beneath him did n't want to upset him so they juiced numbers and covered up problems .
i think putin may have a terminal illness so hes trying to build a better legacy and bring together the old russia .
that still would n't have gotten the word out about 440 13y
i 'm growing two plants from seeds in my bud see for yourself on my page if u want
he said she did n't want to which is why he ended up deciding to .
the way i read it he would have been fine with her being the one to take a lower paying job and he keep the long hours one .
i put one on my a1 inplace of an hbi buffer and i have to say it is a noticeable difference .
they review good bad cgi stunts with stunt men bollywood and more
when i was 20 i was insomniac there 's so much i can tell you but best i can do is get your rest you will value good rest more and more as you age
dean needed to switch lines around in playoffs when nothing was working .
trying the same thing expecting different results does n't work .
if the hair does n't grow back you can get scalp micropigmentation hair tattoo to fill in the patchy areas .
yeah i 've been here 6 years now buying mostly vas/vgs .
yeah i think i mentioned way back the reasoning for what i said .
at no time did i say i was 100 right and incapable of being wrong and that and el nino was guaranteed .
what was more clear was the idea of someone disagreeing with your prognosis of the posted article took a swipe at your piddly little ego .
you know climate and weather prediction is n't an exact science and statistical and probability models often go against even your own we 'll thought out predictions .
if it was always so clear cut you 'd not be commenting and offering opinion so often on reddit .
i tried early on to say look maybe it 's not clear cut and smooth things over but you 're little weather man ego wo n't let go .
i 'm not thinking about some reddit chat months later .
new prediction will mrrheas still be an asshole loser in the next trimonthly ?
based on past data nothing is going to change in this area .
it 's obvious the reaction he was going for so i just kind of went with it lol .
maybe we 're all just a little on edge waiting for the real football to start .
as someone who is anti woke it 's not woke to put a female character as a protagonist .
it really does n't matter as long as the game is fine .
unfortunately capitalism has infected our emergency preparedness to the point it is useless .
saving humanity from suffering ca n't be a for profit venture .
just a regular person dealing with all the negative repercussions .
in the final s2 episode he meets hopper at the bar and literally hands over a birth certificate for jane hopper .
i 'm gon na go with a niche one and say will barton .
when that man is hitting his shots it 's a thing of beauty but at the same time he 'll have just as many nights where he goes 3/15 and keeps taking bad shots in close games .
no this sub has assured me he is ducking .
i mean what the hell would his trainer know .
it 's mostly the hair in combination with the outfit especially considering the other wesker clones in the show are bald
well is n't that just too bad for all those rich people ?
my onboarding was me sitting in front of a computer clicking through stupid stuff i did n't need to know trying to get to the stuff i actually needed to know and not finding it and then trying to ask questions and getting run-around answers .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not begin with one of the required tags one of pc xb1 or ps4 .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pumparum if you have any questions or concerns .
at least one bottle of seltzer from a bodega every time i run errands .
the larger consideration is that there are two more new ur ships this year .
holy shit it 's been a while since i 've thought of red alert
i could n't tell you fr i think his pops was just a big money getter when he was younger
hopefully it 's much lower than 5 if you 're vaccinated
i do n't think you are anywhere near being far away from the goal .
ca n't wait to see you continue to rock it !
may just make my 604 ish clone a .300 now !
3/4 of my man 's payment is going to go in food
both daughter and son design were made by u/fun-major824 as well
i would sit her down to have a legit talk again about the boundaries you set when you started the relationship .
if that is now a dealbreaker then call it quits .
it does n't sound like it will be that painful for you considering you are thinking about it anyways not that it wo n't be for you .
my advice for all of my female friends has always been to set boundaries at the start of a relationship .
sets up for the ability to not be disappointed when they try to push .
hello u/themodernjedi if you have n't done so already click here to search for your question .
https www.reddit.com/r/steamdeck/search ? q=anyone else losing input controls partway through overwatch match ?
useful resources servor 's enhanced faq https www.reddit.com/r/steamdeck/wiki/faq servor 's enhanced faq thread https www.reddit.com/r/steamdeck/comments/syt8qv/steam_deck_enhanced_faq with more answers in the comments !
if you find an answer please leave a comment on this post with the answer for others !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamdeck if you have any questions or concerns .
separate thing entirely anybody remember that weekly newsletter you 'd get that basically just gave a wrapup of of all fantasy relevant news in the past week ?
it 's because those people are happy to restrict others ' freedoms but ask them to wear a mask and they melt .
theoretically 1 woman can take 3 guys at a time .
npd comes from trauma so it can be pretty harmful to say they 're automatically abusers it 's not narcissism that makes the abuser it 's the abuse that makes the abuser and narcissists can show compassion for others .
npd is a legitimate mental disorder and i hate how it 's thrown around as an insult nobody should feel dehumanized for having a disorder when they 've done nothing to abuse others .
some narcissists can be abusive but why focus on the disorder ?
i 've been recruiting nearly 6 1/2 years and the comment above is the best answer to this question .
fake this is inspection element and from 2 years ago
i 'm just a little obsessed with my plans on making a simple programable weaving machine tablet weaving if you are familiar using arduino .
i 've never done anything like that before so i 'm trying to figure everything out .
i 'm not sure if it qualifies as a special interest as such because it 's a particular project but it takes up so much space in my head it should start paying rent .
even if i pick them off a burger/sandwich it will still have that pickle taste
usefully i think kate mulgrew would do almost unlimited trek if asked .
she 's definitely the most engaged of the former cast and has been for years on end .
i would very much like more janeway in whatever capacity .
yeah i think it 's just ... hard for people to internalize that like people were n't dumb back then .
if you want a political union to last it 's going to help if you do n't start it off badly .
if you want kids make sure the mother is healthy .
valdemar iv died when margrete 's son was five and she promptly was like he 's king of denmark now !
despite her older sister having a son of her own .
a few years later haakon died and so ten year old olav was now king of denmark and norway with margrete as regent naturally .
he then died at the age of sixteen just before being able to take the thrones in his own right .
this was n't a murder or suspicious but obviously succession crisis time !
union ove oh no she just grabbed her sister 's six year old grandson adopted him and was like he can be the new king ! ''
they conquered sweden/were invited to conquer sweden and margrete unofficially ruled until her death .
like when i say i love this woman and that cersei could never .
just to be clear the splitter will output the same thing on both of its outputs .
your post has been removed for violating these rules .
but the thing is i know she has at least one male coworker
you are about as ah as the ah can get ... . yta
a brave man is someone who face his fears to defend his beliefs .
my mental illness adhd is incurable and meds to it are illegal in russia in all forms unfortunately a therapist wo n't help here
it 's her crazy youth that is halting her growth .
she 's mad at her friend dying whereas it was her friend who saved her from that situation .
she should be mad at herself for not making her friend take the escape pod .
i 've wondered if people taking prep inconsistently and acquire hiv theoretically they could develop a resistant strand and pass it along to someone else ?
and then if they 're also on the same prep it would be useless ?
got shot right underneath the left nostril hole that goes into my nose the right goggle glass and the forehead all in the same time .
another time i had a bb get shot into my ear .
bro the dude 's haircut is making him look like a defected tree
especially german behavior towards poles and anybody daring to criticise them .
would probably go over better if poles would n't call us nazis every second day .
yes we learned our lesson we will hopefully never trust germany when it comes to defense energy russia and especially european solidarity '' .
hey no one is forcing you to take our money every month .
perhaps it 's time the eu changes in that regard .
i once got this relic combo together with the wrath of siracusans 100 atk for 1 second after skill .
with bp s2m3 poor mouthpiece guy never stood a chance .
just remember to feel no remorse as every russian invader who refuses to surrender is killed .
we 'll be waiting for in wano come at any cost !
fucking it raw and blow a huge load inside to warm you up 😈🍆💦🍑
he 's reading so he can get ideas for his book 💀
lebron has more finals appearances than your idol has playoff appearances .
i got my second aussie when the first was 1yr .
i wanted a bigger age gap but could n't pass up the opportunity .
i train them separately they also do different sports .
the older one taught him so much and vice versa .
looking forward to my third in another year ... ..heard that 's the one that puts you over lol 💕🐶🤷🏻‍♀️
lalalala i like being part of the self hatred cycle and i wan na black pill more people into being like meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee reeeeeeeeeeeeee reeeeeeeeee reeeeee .
very low effort but you also learn a lot abt nutrition
this reminds me of the time my youngest daughter climbed out of her baby bed in the middle of the night .
and proceeded to have drawing and war painting contests with their poop .
i get the burn back to back right after unlocking it .
nta you have every right to change your mind so does she .
telling her your not sure about her made her realize shes not sure about you ... game over .
i think in hindsight it 's way more obvious that it 's sign language but i do n't think it 's immediately obvioust to everyone without knowing it before-hand .
especially with the voice over i 'd assume it was n't and just think it was someone emoting a lot with their hands which some people do .
i just do n't use the app so that 's my solution lol .
just because you are the fastest person on that strip of highway at that point in time does n't mean you should n't be in the right lane .
this is n't a get over for faster drivers thing it 's an anti-entitlement thing .
if you are on the highway the intended course of action for each lane is
if you have an open lane to your right or an open center lane you should probably be in it .
and all the slow af drivers in the center lane need to realize that they are not following the flow of traffic and adjust their behavior accordingly .
probably em if mihoyo decides to remove icd on skill actually allowing you to proc aggravate more often .
but keep in mind ofc that 's external em buffs/pre existing ones can offset em sands value .
thanks for reminding me that we still do n't have a dragon eeveelution .
i wonder if gamefreak are doing that on purpose at this point
changing the rotation of an object with transform.rotation while this can work if you 're only doing it along one axis it 's generally much better practice to use transform.basis and quaternions to handle rotation
