no it does n't it 's just paraphrasing the history of the rebellion and mainly because maric and loghain did n't go around telling everyone how they met and what they did in their travels so the people who wrote the history books who probably never even seen a camp of the rebel army just assumed .
trick-or-treating as opposed to the entirely of halloween supposedly derives from an old cornish tradition called nickanan night which did n't actually have any religion behind it .
on nickanan night boys aged 13-17 ish would go from house to house asking for food a treat most probably saffron treats which are sweet cornish pastries containing raisins and sultanas and are heavily infused with saffron to give them a radiant yellow colour .
if they refused to answer their door or give them anything or gave them something that did n't meet their expectations they would play a trick on the owner s by taking something from their garden most often their garden gate itself and hiding it somewhere in the neighbourhood/village for them to have to go and find the following day .
opt out of replies haikusbot opt out '' delete my comment haikusbot delete ''
need 23 more from mixon and higgins so i guess i 'm cooked
but some other comments point to more of their older stuff .
to be young and invest in dividends the stories to tell 30 or 40 years from now ... .
you might even have more trust in ra due to his pharmacy tech role .
he might be perceived as one who has been thoroughly checked out in order to have that level of responsibility .
i 've described some of the costumes i put together for my kids for purim and halloween .
they 're some of my best memories of being a mother !
after all i had a four-year-old who wanted to be julius caesar who found a drawing of a plausible-looking julius caesar .
so i sewed him a cape and doublet and he hung his sword and scabbard around his waist held up by one of his grandfather 's discarded ties .
i bought a pair of white tights hid the packaging and gave the leggings to little julius who eagerly put them on .
kizaru seemed to be surprised at marco 's ability to regenerate and at his strength
they 're literally just running it down our throats .
or maybe it 's just curiosity to see how the child she created turned out ?
i would think twice before attaching all these evil ulterior motives to a person we do n't know about .
from the post at least it does n't seem like op is interested in being a part of her life in any way she 's simply curious about someone and wants to know if they 'd like to connect .
hisuian arcanine has a really beautiful trainer gallery card at least !
i 've had so many rounds lately where i 've felt like i would have voted differently had i read the person 's comment .
i 'm in a league at the moment where the theme is a song that has one of my favourite lyrics in it '' which is a great idea but i feel like is going to get lost because like which line are they talking about ?
i wo n't know until after all the votes are done .
or even better have a comment section that also toggles on/off depending on whether or not your comment needs to be read before voting is done
the one with the concussion is a starting corner and played all game .
try playing the old nes snes and n64 games .
do n't play on nintendo switch use actual hardware if possible or emulators with authentic controllers .
brazilian portuguese does not like consonants clusters so the vowel i '' is added between them .
brazilian portuguese does not like to end words with consonants except with the consonants s '' and r '' so the vowel i '' is added to the end of words that end with consonants
i always thought they were inferior to the standard crunchy taco supreme .
although it would be fun if they brought it back to watch this sub flip their shit over the blackjack coming back before the volcano menu .
but the teenager had a puck go off of his skate in his 16th game of his career .
think he acted alone or was he complicit with ronald logan ?
it 's too coincidental logan asked his cousin to provide him an alibi before the bodies were found on logan 's property .
this case will make a hell of a true crime story once all the details come out .
hope the indiana doc guards look the other way when the other inmates get their hands on him .
i 'll take the free shirt if he does n't want it .
already watched season 8 i actually liked it yea it has it 's many flaws .
also do the movies have an order to watch them as in what mivie to watch first and when to watch them ?
i 'll make a decision after running a full mem test overnight .
it 's at 33 on 2/4 and 0 faults so far .
tbh if i were burke i would n't say much either .
ohhhhhh i see were on the same side here i find the gallon price too high and not many average homeowners are buying gallons for survival or otherwise .
my point is the qts are cheap and are seriously multi purpose .
cuts n scrapes alcohol clean shit alcohol flammable alcohol and oddly enough as it evaporates it cools the item its soaked in so it could potentially aid in a situation where someone needs to be cooled down as long as there 's no chance of spark or fire duh you could spritz their clothes and it would assist with cooling .
oh and it 's pretty good at cleaning my glasses .
probably the 2 reason i keep some on hand in case i run out of lens cleaning wipes .
i use to go back in 2002 or 2003 all the way up until 2009 ?
i was there when they were at st paul 's church .
i got fed up cause some of the staff were rude .
they do have good guest from time to time like george perez .
one time they had like 5 people i wanted to see and only 1 person was there .
i did cave in and went just one more time in 2022 .
bought a michael uslan book to get signed and realized the back cover was folded in so i asked to swap it .
i thought the employee was joking around but he was annoyed with me for wanting a different copy .
the main problem is i suspect they advertise guest too early that are n't confirmed .
or were n't going to be there at all .
this racist barbershop on staten island on the north shore .
overcharged me and when leaving made comments about why i went to their neighbourhood for a haircut .
for the past 11years i cut my own hair .
their was another place on staten island i ca n't stand but in the south shore where people called me racist slurs .
i forgot where that place was it was near this boating dock like area .
yea yea exactly old uzi better ! ! ! !
saw a post/news article on here the other day informing everyone we are approaching a point where we are about to do irreversible damage to our environment .
saw a post about how elon posted some conspiracy theory on twitter .
i would be leery of the validity of it .
do n't use any phone number on the email .
they can and will garnish your wages or put liens on your property if you ignore a legitimate bill
to say there 's a double standard in whitewashing to blackwashing not a thing is to be ignorant to hollywood underrepresentation and racist history .
if gordon can be black why ca n't luke cage be white ?
checkmate libs no dumbass just say you hate black people at that point because you 're upset jim gordon a good cop in a sea of corrupt officials and police officers who abuse their privilege on the force to brutalize is black ... ..wow the commentary .
this is n't pointed to you specifically but dumb people who think like this
i have chase and jj in my dynasty as a contender 😈
anon wants other men to believe he has a 15cm thick dick so they can get aroused seeing it while they fuck him
paper money spends it all on palaces and murdering dissidents .
bristled toothbrush and tooth fillings okay they have this one on the british .
i like this girl so much but i 'm intimidated to express my feelings for her .
normally i 'm attracted to people physically but she 's so different .
if you were serious you pack your damn clothes and leave .
she deserves someone to put her first and someone that trust her .
you have multiple times you do but you do not or you drop it and shut your damn mouth about being lied to .
if had n't started the bullshit she would n't feel the need to lie and come talk to you when she is ready but he i get it that is what a loving trusting husband would do not you .
please leave her so she can find someone she deserves .
if you 're winning fights with 1000 cp pokemon then your matchmaking ranking is very low .
when you start needing pokemon that get near the 1500 limit you 'll face much tougher fights .
the bengals still have n't allowed a 2nd half td .
that show was such a snooze fest this however is hilarious .
i think the biggest thing liv has going for it are the big name signings .
the problem is those guys then basically disappear from the most popular golf media outlets and are n't big names anymore .
who cares about dustin johnson if he ca n't compete in majors ?
that 's how we judge who is a big name the number of majors they 've won .
disney nbc universal fox sports and cbs are just not going to pay hundreds of millions of dollars directly to the saudi government to broadcast their propaganda to american viewers .
good luck finding advertisers who want any part of that action .
your submission was removed from r/sidehustle due to being too short .
all text submissions must be at least 300 characters long about 5 sentences to encourage discussion .
please consider resubmitting your post with some more detail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sidehustle if you have any questions or concerns .
if that happened to me i would n't be offended .
it 's not like you 're being creepy or hitting on her .
remember that one video a bit ago of them twerking on a god forsakened ambulance ?
so take my strong advice just remember to always think twice
she told my baby we 'd danced 'til three then she looked at me
then showed a photo my baby cried his eyes were like mine oh no
'cause we danced on the floor in the round baby
there 's a town of 70k people right next door and a town of 60k people right next to that .
if the metric is '' places bg could 've walked from and been home on time '' which makes way more sense than living within a particular town 's lines we 're realistically looking at a quarter million people or so .
changing the size of a chassis does infact constitute as a redesign so does the turret and turret ring .
and operationally they were kept the same because that way you would n't have to retrain your entire tank force .
all posts under the ‘straight/bicurious discussion ' post flair must have a body of at least 30 words .
please add detail tell us more about yourself or explain your question/thought to get your post posted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/straightturnedgay if you have any questions or concerns .
mosh pits are literally a mix of people dancing and drunk dudes beating people up .
sounds like your man is very ignorant most woman need the help and penis penetration alone does n't do the trick .
i think it 's very selfish of him not willing to do any kind of oral or other to help you .
albania sounds very dangerous what with all the natural disasters and war .
hard to do that when they were added in a dlc for 3 .
he 's not just the guy '' that 's john monty python himself !
just another example of a disgusting incel that has never touched a woman and has a rape kink
the idea that an act has more outcomes than it 's consequences is magical thinking at its finest .
so by that logic he was also probably not literally yelling/screaming at the tv in full rage mode either right ?
which makes op 's point still valid because then it really is just about watching sports not ruining the night with his behaviour .
i 'm about to invest the brand called hurry the fuck up ! and relabel canned foods with a sticker of the same name .
actually this is just me before i make a comment in r/politics .
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i would personally go with current one from luna .
i heard from a local dealer the new ones 2023 are coming with yea bigger battery but also vin number so you have to register it ...
definitely the idea we are not capable of passing and the idea all trans guys are bottoms subs .
a lot of people assume we do n't use our genitals too .
german is the first um player to reach the locker room 33 who immediately comes flying back out like he wants to start something else .
ah so that 's why they 've matured into temples of masochism .
it 's obvious that you put in a lot of work to look like that .
my suggestion is to just lay it down and give up .
there 's a first time for everything my man unfortunately there will be no second .
i listened to these guys when they got added to the newest counterparts tour .
my son makes a big bowl of incredibly delicious guacamole for everyone else and a little bowl of some that 's just avocado garlic and lemon juice for me .
i never understood how people could stand cilantro until we got the 23 me tests and learned that not everyone had the same experience .
you clearly have n't learnt a thing if you think the government is n't responsible for large crowd management .
i come from america where the ussr is often unfairly demonized but crushing that popular uprising really was the beginning of the end when it came to upholding their socialist credentials .
socialism is supposed to be worker control of the means of production anyway .
if gorbachev would have been successful in his reforms and ussr remained intact post gorbachev that might have been interesting .
the birth giver was always going on about how there was never any money for whatever it was that we wanted as kids yet she always had money for her special diet food '' which i now realise was name brand expensive stuff while the rest of us had to have cheap homebrand stuff .
she would buy powdered milk and for a 2l bottle would only put in a couple spoonfuls because we wasted '' too much milk by drinking it apparently .
she also always tried to take away any money we were given from our grandparents or the money we would get from the smooshed cans dad would take to the metal recycler for us .
just a few weeks ago she was at my dads house finally picking up crap she left almost 10 years ago when she walked out and you know what petty shit she did ?
she stole all the spices and condiments out of the pantry .
i mean like how on earth could she even possible remotely think that after a decade that they were hers ?
you know the meme that says hold on guys new christmas underwear is around the corner '' ?
the underwear has been worn to rags which is all the quality is .
all you need is a picture reading him a story in bed and teaching him how to play baseball or some sport
you might need to make some test pieces to get the fit you want .
so tonight they are doing a drinking live together ?
playing zombies on shi no numa and one of our random teammates hacked the game and we had the ability to load all ammo into one clip knife zombies from a distance and revive teammates as long as you could see their gamertag .
got to round 40 and then someone called my house phone and it caused me to lose connection and lag out thanks dial up ! .
i guess it was pretty devastating but at the same time hilarious just hearing the chaos as my friends knew what was happening to me as i lagged out .
if that is the case then we clearly have massive discrimination against asian americans .
one quarter of football does n't really let your guests get unwind and get comfortable .
if they had the whole second half it would 've been awesome .
all day on the radio state fans blame the tunnel .
not the actions of the players in the tunnel but literally the tunnel itself .
what i see in this video right at about the 20 second mark is exactly what we saw in the other video of the state player swinging his helmet at the michigan player which was now know was head neck shoulder resulting in a concussion .
hilariously you can see state 's director of football operations running away which is how you can tell is the same as the other video .
so at 20 seconds you see state swinging helmets ...
... and then the rest of the video you see state not going into their locker room .
state stayed out some went in lots more came back out leaving just a little sliver for michigan players to sneak by to get into the home team 's locker room .
this is proof that there was an issue with the tunnel because state did n't go in to their locker room .
i spent a day with jon voight back in 1994 .
he was cool he even sent me a book we discussed with a handwritten letter which i framed .
the book was ‘autobiography of yogi ' by yogananda .
i lived in maryland pretty much my whole life and spent most of my childhood in the mountains .
it was a natural part of growing up in a family of hunting and fishing enthusiasts .
however when your about two miles deep in those woods the sounds light and shadows through the trees can mess with you .
however i 've lived in tennessee for the last eight years and it 's pretty much the same here as it was in maryland concerning the vibe '' that is .
they were here first and they 've seen a lot .
some places more than others it would make sense that there 's a lot of residual energy that 's palpable .
my period is completely irregular since i started wellbutrin—started getting funky in the very first month of taking it—early late early .
even worse i do n't cry since i started taking it except the two days before my period i get really sad and non-stop weepy .
r/asiansgonewild an outlet for asian women to express their sexuality
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/paag if you have any questions or concerns .
and ton of players play with 3rd party scout cheat and save scumming .
yes and lots of other people do which is why the constitution was amended to address this .
a caring parent that cared about their child 's privacy over fake internet points would n't have posted anything with their child in it to begin with .
why does everyone look at syria and iraq as examples and not germany or japan as examples after ww2 as examples ?
if you do n't mind sharing what do you believe death is ?
is it me or does hillary clinton look like the joker with that smile ?
she was n't in our plans just yet but the foster was moving and no one else she knew wanted her or could take her at the time and in fear of another dog going into the shelter we took her .
he and i might not be perfect but she is n't going wirhout '' here .
there is no lack of love food attention ... and there is no abuse in this house hold .
the strain is on the level of care where he may lack i may be over bearing .
in my spare time i work on her training recall commands .
i wake up earlier to make sure she has time to go outside feed her and sometimes even a walk if i can .
i set aside time for her and if i am going to be gone for more than 3 or 4 hours i will find someone to come let her out and spend time with her or dog sit if possible .
we have been working on leaving her outside the cage the last few days and letting her roam the hallway/kitchen/stairs and bedroom while we are gone as we have n't had her too long we do n't know her temperament/how she is alone not locked up but i 'd like to start trusting her '' to be alone in the house and not just in a cage .
as i stated we have 2 cats and its an adjustment for them both to have her here so we gate the living room while we are gone so they have a safe space ''
i take the dog for car rides when i can and if a store allows her to go and i am guilty of socializing her with other dogs but i am always watching whenever she is with any males especially .
i understand that i am not perfect and i am inexperienced but i 've been doing my best with the knowledge i have and have been on many groups on facebook and watching trainers on youtube .
i appreciate the input and will try to do better .
i miss just watching the movies not a couple movies and 30 shows that have a week between episodes .
she-hulk feels so disconnected from itself it 's infuriating .
moon knight loki too kind of was the only one i felt satisfied watching
edit i realize you might not strictly be talking about the mcu .
definitely congratulations on 10 years later lol wtf took him so long
kind of on the heavy-handed extreme but not deniable .
he 's also very established as qanon which helps in that it makes the nudism look like one of the more normal things about him .
ironically the worst part of this whole thing is that maci should be one of the girls most qualified to have one outside of kail .
not only did she work on similar stuff in college but she 's even had a couple of commercial gigs not related to teen mom .
she was on the professional speaking circuit for a bit and do n't even get me started on her over a decade 's worth of tv experience .
she could have crushed this and had way more resources than the vast majority of people who get into line of work .
thank you international students for subsidising the bulk billing !
i was driving while holding a starbucks sweat cream cold brew .
i used my left hand to do some weird backward wave to let the other driver know he should go first .
was wearing a small silver chain on my left wrist as well that dangled and shook with my hand motion .
sparrow horns xd you have n't lived in destiny until you 've heard a guardian going by spamming their horn so all you hear is beebeep !
as they fly past where you are xd it also works as an audio method to find your team in an area double or triple beep and wait for reply xd
you 're correct that a file that 's too small will give an inaccurate reading but i 'd advise to stick with smaller files first .
i 've rarely come across a tooth that did n't give an accurate reading with a 10 or 15 file .
if you feel like you 're going too long you can always take a pa to see if you 've gone past the apex then move up to a larger file .
there 's a chance you 'll have an easier time achieving patency at the next visit but if you 're not too confident i would refer .
just let dad know the canal system is a bit tricky and you want to make sure the treatment is done right .
in my experience patients might be a little disappointed but understanding about the situation .
the few that get upset are just pushy jerks that frankly are n't worth the headache .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/ohior4r because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r location description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f and r for tagging gender .
make sure you 're not using w when you mean to use f or a when you mean to use r.
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ohior4r if you have any questions or concerns .
and no only fans ... would have been the only positive of seeing her face
by nature i enjoy melancholy nostalgia wistful or songs of longing or sadness .
love the instrument choices for this one and the melody is very haunting .
i save mcdonald 's happy meal toys all year to hand out to kids with allergies on halloween .
it 's called the teal pumpkin project to help more kids enjoy the festivities .
other families do things like slime pencils playdoh crayons etc .
i had major hair loss after the quai detox shampoo and that massager did n't work well
it will leak combustion and eventually oval out the port in the head .
there 's no way in hell i 'd own a dog it 's way too much work but it 's work that i am more than happy to take .
why have a dog when you can get paid hourly to care of one 😂😂😂😂
as far as i know that setting does n't actually do anything .
casual matches are full cross play regardless of what that option is set to .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've had great luck with tac as well specially for shorter barrels .
basspro allowed me to order for store pick up .
i 'm lucky enough to live close to a bass pro/cabelas
due to occasional fluctuations in spam on r/r4r accounts less than 48 hours old or accounts which do not meet a karma threshold are not allowed to post or comment but they may still pm https redd.it/3l79t4 .
for more information please read here https redd.it/4rp4wz or here https www.reddit.com/r/r4r/comments/6wmhhq/meta_important_changes_to_posting_rules .
please do not spam modmail with requests to release your content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
its much better than what she went thru at nickelodeon
just finished the season 6 reunion and i ca n't believe how smug and narcissistic lindsay was all season .
unless she 's changed a lot i do n't think she 's ready for marriage
it 's literally the level you can take a reasonably proficient high schooler out to do and automate .
anyone who assumes that designers do n't do math behind their changes do n't really think about the numbers very carefully .
the issue with stats behind design is that you have to make assumptions behind the math and give objectives .
what are the tradeoffs we think are reasonable between stats such as mobility vs damage ?
when i was about 9 i went in black face as michael jackson .
so he has a mental disorder therefore he must be right wing extremist ?
hate to break this to you but children play outside .
how about talking to the parents when/if they continue to cross the boundary you set about the car .
calling cps on a struggling family because you 're annoyed by their children is a tower so ivory you ca n't stare directly at it .
the entire bit about them being on section 8 really sets the tone.. like would it be different if an affluent family let their kids play outside ?
let child play let child build up immunities wash child at end of day .
you can buy some of the best gear every expansion with tombstone currency or doing savage/expert level content .
none of this rng locked once a week nonsense imo .
i think this list requires a min amount of minutes but honorable mention for sure
best gear per kg for me i wan na be as tanky as possible for and as light as possible to get dat speeedz
it depends on what kind of coaster and what kind of flat ride .
i 'd say that giant barn swing is easier to run than outlaw since the restraints are nowhere near as heavy .
but it 's not as easy as time traveler since that ride requires a simple press of a button to lower and raise the restraints .
as for the latter we do get to pick what ride we want to operate when we apply .
however sometimes they 'll assign us to another ride depending on how many people are staffed .
it 's how i 've gotten to work time traveler .
sometimes they assign us to completely non-attraction-related jobs like working out front and wheelchairs/strollers .
sometimes the stupidity and lack of taste other people have really astonishes me .
crosstalk solutions reviews the 1.5 ' screen https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=agjguydyp\_m https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=agjguydyp_m at the 24:00 minute mark in 2020 .
there is some documentation in the wiki https ubntwiki.com/start https ubntwiki.com/start but it is pretty limited and nothing i see on the 1.5 '' screen
vapour trail is an old favorite and it works well for smaller peeps .
virga2 is a good choice too if you 're looking for a frameless pack at an exceptional price .
it 's not a literal wasteland any more than anatolia is mustard rest assured .
outside of the big red centre there are many beautiful areas of the country .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
no kid should go to school worrying if some lunatic maybe pulls a gun .
like a wake up call for a rotting system .
i physically ca n't comprehend a worm coming out either of my axies floofs i do n't see how thats even possible man
tip top and their nestle ownership can go get fucked .
so you work you exercise ... how about hobbies and passions ?
perhaps if you go out for some activities just for yourself you 'll have enough opportunities to just talk to people without any obligations .
and do n't mind about low confident with women i fell in love with my husband because of his shyness awkwardness and anxiety
tfw you win your first title after 15 years of trying only to receive a dried-out diarrhea turd for a trophy .
you 're putting words into my mouth and reacting to something i never said .
i just find something with very fine details in vr .
then i adjust the ipd until the details are clearest by finding the point of maximum clarity .
for me that tends to be all the way at the limit so my ipd is greater than the g2 or rift limit .
but indira gandhi nationalised banks increased income tax rate to 97 and screwed up indian economy .
and vajpayee did many privatisation labour laws reforms highway infra etc .
they all really came together to show the world she was caught lol
i 'm surprised we all did n't grow up as furries once wazzat kangaroo became a thing .
seeing dps moira 's like that really annoys me as a moira player .
i listen exclusively to my liked songs which i know is controversial but of the 800 songs i always get the same ones i thought when i hit shuffle it just always played in a specific order ...
not everyone wants to wait until xmas eve to do their shopping .
no one is forcing you to buy it now and merely seeing it has no negative effect on intelligent people .
in fairness though it 's a common thing in other countries your parent agrees to pay if you do n't and you can therefore borrow if you do n't fully meet the criteria .
it 's not someone saying do n't you know who my folks are ''
i told you use https www.warframecolorpicker.app crop out everything but the color on your phone and upload it to the web app .
the major us cities are dumpster fires of crime and violence .
most of the so-called gun violence is between criminal gangs so unless you 're a member of one of those criminal enterprises the likelihood of being murdered is incredibly low .
that said i always carry and always wear my seat belt .
she 'll get you high go on a long drive to some isolated place call her gang there along with her husband and harvest your organs .
someone carved a mushroom and decided to put it in the ducts .
it 's literally a plain screenshot of the coords .
the bear is agonizing in a trench thanks to corruption lmao
nothing of this was necesary but vlady wanted is ussr back and now he is getting his head on a pyke
this is a myth and a really dumb one at that .
the red army in 1941 had more than enough weapons to arm all of its troops .
there were areas that they were lacking in such as motor transport and lend-lease helped with that .
there 's a reason why studebaker trucks were seen as vital to the soviet war effort while thompsons and garands were regarded as novelties at best .
i 've had people complaining they need healing whilst my health orb is on them 🤦‍♂️
at least you know what you like and can find it
she should n't be playing role playing games if this is her reaction
personally the slog is real but i actually felt it started in book 5 .
at the same time it was n't as bad as some made it out to be .
a bunch of clothes donated by people are unable to be sold because they are in such poor condition .
you do realize that scrolling through someone 's comments is the number one way to get dunked on ?
shit if you 're this obsessed with me buy my shitty underwear you fucking creep .
he was talking about how she was eagerly grabbing candy and the kid was just standing there as if she is the one who actually wants the candy
just split the cup of solution that you have into sips .
i suppose that they are a tough little species . ''
not only is negative peer pressure real but there 's actually an opposite version called social control for more acceptable behaviors .
just in case you needed your faith restored a little .
unless you have a ton of fragile resin stockpiled you wo n't be able to get enough boss drops
what 's probably worse is lobby filling is bad right now to begin with .
i 'm starting matches with 3v5,2v6,4v3 on and on .
and a lot of the time it never ends up filling in the missing player .
sometimes it 's so bad the other team gets bored because they are playing in a 4 or 5 man party and they just straight up leave because they ca n't find anyone .
loved erastus unipparel horton mall caretaker and his rattail .
big bad wolf demolition company and their use of acme explosives .
yes go brandon and speak more lies to raise our gas prices even more and play up your political rhetoric .
there is no proven gouging here so more of the blame game .
i believe our oil companies were at 95 capacity as of yesterday .
biden has no idea how the oil companies work and dependency on opec .
and the us oil companies have no investors willing to spend money on additional resources since day 1 biden took office and clearly spoke to take this industry down .
we 've lost our energy independence for the sake of green energy ? ? ?
i believe in green energy but this does not happen overnight .
and now we may run out of diesel reserves within 2 weeks so stock up everybody cause no trucks rail etc .
and this also impacts home heating oil the wh has not been able to provide an answer on this .
is this admin that intent on destroying our country while selling our emergency reserve oil to china ?
as other developed nations age taiwan will be competing with them to pull in these migrants . ''
the best pull is to offer pathways to citizenship .
i 'm dead 😂 that one has to be at least 13-14 💀💀
he 's not in the scheme for the odi wc at all if he 's picked over dhawan people will have another fit .
it 's the t20i series that people are throwing a fit over because rahul is dead in the water in that format .
jeg ville forelægge tallene for min rådgiver og med ret fast øjenkontakt spørge vedkommende hvorfor hun rådgiver til omlægning !
i 'm an equipment operator that bounces between civil and private going back to school for ce .
i know 7 people in my line of work that got civil engineering degrees decades ago that quickly realized there was more money in running equipment or working on/managing crews than there was working for engineering firms .
as a guy who was told their entire life that getting a degree would be a path to freedom it 's straight up depressing at this point .
i love civil it 's my entire interest and life but i question my motives and desires every single god damn day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/daughtertraining if you have any questions or concerns .
he just improved his game by including this habit .
he 's a shot caller now not just a godly laner .
wants to know everything that 's happening with his team for maximum information before he makes a decision .
same as everyone should be looking at the minimap all the time he decided to do this as well .
yeah actually galti un logon ki hi thi and ticket dene walo ki ..capacity se jyada log bhej diye
omm i wish pun could smack sum sense into him😆
heard somebodys watching me '' by rockwell a few times though .
i remember watching some of this a few years back .
really seemed like the creator was taking advantage of a person in dire need if help not another bottle .
he 's 34th in passer rating on the season .
people have insane expectations for not wanting him to be worse than every single starter in the nfl ?
i also have an up-to-date s10 and signal is not in my list of available apps for dual messenger .
if you have acid reflux it 's not your fault you puke regularly .
but if you do nothing to regulate your acid reflux and regularly puke in peoples lap and do nothing to mitigate that and then tell them that 's how i am you just have to deal with me puking in you lap everyday .
my tummy goes rumbling your lap get covered the no shit they 'll want to distance themselves from you .
stop being so self centered and think how your symptoms come across to others .
because if you do n't get it under control you will be alone forever
like i 'd know '' it seems there is still traces of tsun left see how her life changed for the better when she embraced the dere ?
25 of young adults in america are on medication for stress adhd or depression .
they probably did but you 're wheel is old and probably wearing out .
you can only fix a worn out/well used wheel for so long
bold words to say on the first day of the sacred no nut november month .
then you are wholly ignorant to the depths and schemes of the advertising industry .
it is insidiously manipulative in ways you have n't even imagined .
i 'm sorry i should 've been more clear .
i meant in terms of ranging bowfa is either bis or 2nd bis .
i also swear bowfa was bis in a few places .
maybe since staff came out it is n't anymore .
i 'm playing video games reading books eating fast food and waking up without an alarm clock .
i 'm enjoying all i can after several years of hard work and before what 's to come
that window is op man when are they gon na fix infinites
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/baberotica if you have any questions or concerns .
he already has 7 goals and 3 assists barely a third of the way into the season .
how the fuck is that on track for 12g 6a ?
if anything prepares me to be a mother it 'll definitely be dealing with drunk adults experiencing big feelings lol .
you will not become properly socialized if your brain is n't wired to quickly pick up on social contexts and follow the leader '' cues from within a group without those things being directly communicated and without the consequences of failure or success being demonstrated in a logical fashion .
i really believe that many autists are wired socially along a master/apprentice model
i genuinely think that the usa only electing people over the age of 70 as president is a bad idea .
captain tom was launched as this tory pr stunt to get the attention away from the 10,000 people dying every month .
his family did n't even talk to him anymore before he became a hero .
old man was wasting away alone in his care home .
to be fair most people will have paid public insurance at one point in their live .
the case that you were never part of public insurance is very very rare and i guess is mostly a problem for immigrants .
i must be the ceaser romero of the joker gamers then coz none of those games are ancient to me .
if you download catalyst browse from sony it 's free you 'll be able to
so i 'm trying this but catalyst browse does n't show my settings and says the file might be unsupported .
so that 's also why i thought i might have screwed up with one of the settings .
i 'm on a mac if that makes any difference ?
updated the drivers and newest version of catalyst browse aswell .
the cooldown suggests 40 but they could change that too .
make sure to read our rules and stickied post https www.reddit.com/r/eyetriage/comments/rayycq/sticky_read_this_post_before_asking_for_help .
if your post is found to be in violation with one of our rules it will be locked or removed .
please include age and sex write as age sex e.g .
18m race primary complaint duration any existing medical issues current medications and doses and whether you drink smoke and/or use recreational drugs .
a photo says more than a 1000 words so include one if possible .
use imgur or another host site to link photos .
online advice can never replace an actual medical examination .
if you 're not satisfied with your doctor you should seek a 2nd opinion instead .
please be advised that if you remove your post directly after you 've been given an answer will result in a ban from this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/eyetriage if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think it will be that extreme .
in china houses were being sold even before they were constructed .
that is n't happening in india as much atleast to my knowledge
also i 'm just a student i do n't really know how the housing market works .
barbarian starts promising 1/3 way in turns into a bad comedy with a terrible script .
pearl is a boring dragging movie that never pulls you in .
the acting is bad mia goth is an actor that looks like she 's acting apart from the confession scene .
i could n't wait for the movie to finish .
make yourself a favor and watch the good nurse or/and dont worry darling instead .
that 's why people create systems with objective checks and balances .
all are flawed to some extent but loot council is the only good system for a guild '' as you say is clearly wrong since it is not the only one used nor even that common .
i like to read the job vacancies in the lady magazine it 's always got people looking for butlers and live in staff .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe you could do this at the end of the year for like the top 25/50 mpgr players and see how the rankings would differ ?
i reckon the best they could do is probably slipping it in while he 's cooking or something like he 's subconsciously doing it
so many classics but this stands out for me .
l p ad it ai n't famous for it 's ... ..
i failed bro help me get out of the gulag
hey i 'm new to this reddit and want to add on to this .
i love twisted wonderland but i want to rant a little .
i do n't like that the mc is so useless in the story .
no magic power even tho they go to a magic school to learn .
magic and etc with other humans or i miss something
the mc hardly counts as a therapist the only person we truly talk to mostly in chapter 3 .
mostly the spotlight is on grim ace and deuce.but do n't get my wrong i love these guys but i feel like the mc is there for plot gaps and reference connecting to the dorms .
i think the mc should learn that less some magic to defend them at least .
but if that not the case the story introduced magic engineering weaponry they could make one for the mc .
they do n't have it reference it all the time .
just once or twice then let the story continue because everyone would that when combat begins the mc can defend them .
i do n't know if it 's just me that thinks this way i want to know i 'm i overreacting to it or yall feel the same way .
also if they titled the mc as a beast master they could have use that as a way the give magic or importance to the character .
i tolerated sometimes liked even sympathized with him at times .
but him being a trump supporter was the last straw and it kinda opened my eyes to the fact that some of his jokes are n't jokes they 're just his beliefs .
i 'm not one to throw tomatoes or complain in chat whenever he 's on but i do n't enjoy it
i play on mobile without aim assist and i also hate aim assist users .
yes please ... would n't have to ask me twice ... do it more than once in half the time
the whole sr ooo group are 'interesting ' in their attempts to ' philosophize ' .
chinese people have never been able to vote for their leader .
in 3000 years if history china has never evolved from feudalism dynasties and serfdom .
the free chinese people are those who have defected from china and immigrated to more free and developed countries .
like you did in australia even if you now work in a restaurant .
i root for your free speech no matter how delusional you are .
finnick pauses in his dressing routine to run his hands over the shirt that his prep team gave him .
it 's a blinding color of green but finnick is more interested in the texture .
it 's wonderfully light and smooth and it glides through finnick 's hands .
she looks over her silver eyes blinking in surprise .
in fact he 's never worn silk but he knows enough to realize that capitol people will find this a ridiculously quaint notion .
he pulls his cotton tee shirt over his head and puts on the silk one doing up the little gold buttons .
mr. layne is the client that finnick is seeing tonight .
the shirt is lighter than anything he 's ever worn .
it rests against his skin mockingly sensual like a lover 's kiss .
yeah if all of the guns had the tactical sprint like mythics it would be great
train your mind to logic your way out of the temptations .
i think that 's one of the reasons to get a wife
unfortunately your post has been removed because you have made more than 1 submission in the last 8 hours .
its a wonderful tiny dick and it fits so well 3
lol so much for bodily autonomy because weddings are the only thing that matter right ?
yes but i meant it was enormous galactic scale event multiple main characters assimilated for a while and then the voyager reset-button gets pushed and it only gets a throwaway line .
so why not just fuckin say half a cup ?
question about salt water rinse had 2 left premolars extracted 8days ago if i salt water rinse too much will it erode enamel ?
i know this is russian but you might as well be speaking chinese 😂 what ?
jeg plejer at anbefale buildspace.so https buildspace.so og learnweb3.io https learnweb3.io dog ville jeg sørge for at du har en fundamental forståelse af de fleste aspekter indenfor full-stack development
deify is the word you would want to use there it means what you meant with deity-ify
it can happen as electronics degrade over time and that 's more often the reason new version of apps are not optimized for the old hardware anymore .
youtube on the original chromecast was barely usable for me and the old fire tv crashed like twice a day .
one sheet shit of plenty does the job of 3 ordinary towels !
if you portrayed one in a movie and did a really good job you might get a sag award .
momentarily '' being used to mean very soon '' instead of for a very brief time ''
both are valid approaches so ask yourself if you want to give it one last discussion ask long as you 'd respect the outcome .
borderline🥹 12 years of therapy dbt emdr meds for symptom management .
that pit in your stomach will ease with time .
your level of self-awareness tells me you 're doing great and you 're gon na be just fine 💗
én szeretem meg a biotechet is meg van ami a scitec-nel is jó változó
die durchgänge in bus und bahn sind nicht wirklich großzügig bemessen und da mir so schon häufig auf die füße getreten oder der koffer gegen die knie gerammt wurde sitze ich lieber nach innen .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's why you never learn and get stuck at bottom master😎
fine honestly a bit huggy round the base but nothing uncomfortable about it
i-im sorry misstress i 'll learn that i belong under your feet
oh shit imagine tipping over that mf would have to go back to get new ones
i see m'gann and gwen getting along and ben and gar getting along but connor and kevin might have some problems .
it follows someone if you throw it near them so if they turn or move around a corner it 'll stay with them .
also i genuinely like this as it shows how batman‘s not truly alone
mental torture kar detay kuch log aana pasand nahi isliye !
i stalk often kal socha comment kar hi dun .
more people all over the world need to do this to religion promoters .
personally i bought in the city because it aligned to my lifestyle better .
i love engaging in local community events and if i lived in the suburbs those community events would be more aligned to families and kids which would drive me nuts .
last night i was sitting on my couch and noticed that the cricket world cup was in town and nosebleed tickets were only 20 .
so i snuck out of work early today and watched netherlands beat zimbabwe before hitting up the lucky dumpling market for dinner and heading back for the india game .
it 's chaos here with the indian fans but it 's such a cool vibe .
i will probably go home before the game ends but i 'm pretty happy with my solo 20 adventure afternoon
however it sounds like you 're putting too much focus on the financial gains .
if you 're looking for somewhere you 'll stay for 10 years you 're looking for a home .
the housing market will do what it will do .
you could argue that there will always be families looking for houses and there will always be oldies downsizing or investors looking for apartments .
buy somewhere you love and everything else will fall into place .
the post i responded to was about someone watching a bbc funded nature documentary what i and many others have paid for .
do n't come on a forum and brag about not paying tv license when the majority do though ... . especially given people illegally not paying for a tv license such as the above poster and yourself is atleast a small contributing factor in bbc local services being cut .
i personally love bbc merseyside and bbc greater manchester and it will be a big shame if there services are cut .
this community is focused on important or vital information and high-effort content .
please make sure your post follows the rules https www.reddit.com/r/ukraine/about/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukraine if you have any questions or concerns .
they were offering criticism under the guise of sympathy .
it 's not up to them to decide what your mil can or can not afford to do either in terms of money or time .
if you had remained silent it would have been taken as tacit approval by your parents .
business ethics aside their user interface for the banking and mortgage app i had were atrocious .
i 've been reading this manga for years and it 's one of my favourites so i 'm happy at least another aro likes it lol
good grief ca n't throw a semtex must already know there is someone rocking the shield but did n't think to swap their loadout to use a molly .
at one point there was someone behind you but still could n't kill you ?
i do n't think the riot shield is the problem here .
edit just read elsewhere there is a bug with the riot shield making people invincible ?
i have always only posted my face and the conversations always end after seeing my body .
i think we need a return of those crazy clowns that were showing up before the pandemic .
did n't have a hair clip at the time but i do now also have purple contact lenses now .
and the coat is a bit small on me so i did n't want to risk ripping it by being clumsy while it was closed .
and uk could have declared war and destroyed ruzzia after ruzzian agents killed british citizens on british soil with chemical weapons .
unload the gun rack the slide then try squeezing your pinky in to pull the trigger while wearing the gun .
r/onlyfanspromotion is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
serpent spine and redhorn becomes less good without bennett in team due to the unsaturated atk the dmg scales a bit better but ye i agree you pick the weapon based solely on the team it 's not like hu tao eula ayaka and the other carries when a weapon is generally always better
your submission has been removed due to low karma or being new to reddit .
to start posting comment on other posts get internet points on them .
also please have a look at our rules and make sure your post fits guidelines .
if you believe you made a high effort/quality post or need earlier access please reach us on modmail on the link provided below .
thanks for participating on r/saimansays u/anant_90s ... bye shaba kher kailash kher wish you a happy married life .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/saimansays if you have any questions or concerns .
i personally really hope they add monk it just brings so much with it unlike paladin which is basically fighter cleric monk adds concepts such as ki and martial arts i really think monk should get more love
the first guy to succesfully jerk off with his toe !
if this is her first round of treatment this is n't indicative of anything .
the reason that people need to do numerous round of chemo is because it takes time to work it can not happen with just one treatment .
the fact that it is currently stable is good and that it has n't grown .
chemo accumulates over time so she may not feel the effects of it until the 3rd or 4th round everyone is different my mom felt it the most around the 4th and 5th round .
it takes time for treatment to kill cancer cells to decrease tumor size .
so no it does n't mean it 's not working it does n't mean anything .
they only start to worry that chemo is n't working when a patient has been doing chemo for awhile and the tumor grows or spreads .
even when the tumor stays stable i know in a lot of case doctors will say that the chemo is working to keep the tumor from growing but not eradicate it but only when a patient has been doing treatment for awhile
your post has been automatically removed because this sub is for approved and verified original content oc only .
any user who is not approved and verified with the mod team will have their post removed by the bot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
pressing left stick in does n't bring up chat unless you 're paused .
left stick is the same button you would use for syms tp aka interact. i would highly recommend swapping ping to left stick and interact to left dpad .
very nice now let 's see what happened to the soviet economy .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
went straight into my hidden mate and i 'll never touch them !
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
struthis is fastest for long distances though eotrike is the fastest with charge
alioramus and concavenator are the fastest carnivores and they both have great stamina
the fastest carnivorous swimmer is megalania but it only has limited stam in water so sarco is the fastest with the most stam
the fastest herbivore that can swim is iguanodon and lambeosaurus but just like megalania they have limited stamina so deinocheirus would be the fastest with the most stam
honorable mentions rex is very fast in water and also has great stam and oxygen spino is decent in water conca is as fast as a sarco and has more stam than mega in water barsboldia is pretty good in water but it 's just average
i think you just have to do it it 's going to be a tad awkward perhaps but it 's only ethical to disclose it imo .
how they decide to take it is up to them .
if they are rude or immature consider it a bullet dodged .
what 's this knob trend i 'm currently missing out on ?
too low unfortunately was looking at the groudon gs .
i thought it was chris christie for a minute lol .
say earning in western countries level of pay then you have everything for cheap .
you can live like kings and get almost everything you want .
india is a rat race but u can grow the basic cost of living is n't that high if u are frugal .
you could end up becoming rich over time more easily .
but obviously the cost of living is lower as the standard of living is lower minimum
u have a good pallet that u wo n't be able to fulfill somewhere else
the eye color is very wildlife safari but i do n't think
i get so many kills as juli with this .
never crossed my mind to try it the other way !
but the problem is it seems like it 's not as known as you might feel .
again i want to emphasize that i do n't mean to offend people shame people make people feel bad etc .
i do n't believe that anyone should do any of those things .
but do n't encourage the behavior and make it feel like it 's okay .
my high school boyfriend first love cheated on me and i found out cause he got her pregnant ! !
i feel as a 40f it is n't ideal what he did but it was respectful .
by respectful i mean it seems that he wanted to end things before he did something stupid like cheat on you .
young people need to grow and maybe he recognized that he was in a position where he was spreading his wings but didnt want to hurt you in the process .
him being gone is very hard on you both .
you we 're right to let him go for his own happiness but you need to focus on your happiness .
is seems like a lot of your life has been based on you as a couple but what do you do for yourself ?
we know your heart is hurting so focusing on the rest of you is very important .
you are way more than just sex and you deserve love but in time .
right now is the time for self love and growth .
learn from this relationship by reflecting on aspects you did n't like draw lines on what you wo n't accept in the future learn yourself as a more mature woman than the sophomore who fell in love .
music going or with girl friends family books games hiking meditation etc are all good places to start .
i know you are miserable but it will get better over time .
it is quite large i will admit but still surprisingly comfortable to conceal carry at least to me .
but i 'd absolutely agree it 's still very big
we notice you do n't have that shiny gold verification flair if you are interested in verifying to prove these are your pictures see our faq https www.reddit.com/r/selfie/wiki/verification to see how you can become verified here and tell the world you are the person in this picutre .
please note moderators will never contact you directly to ask you to verify .
if someone does ask you to verify you can go to https www.reddit.com/r/selfie/about/moderators and see they are not on the moderator list .
please contact the mods and let us know about it https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/selfie subject=i got asked to verify message=hi mods someone asked me to verify with them directly
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
you have n't seen odor eliminating '' anything at the store ?
if you 're talking about something your wear then you 're talking about gas masks
i do n't have any actual experience with the h style dressings but they 're supposed to be adjustable like the israeli and they 're both made with pretty much the same materials so i ca n't imagine there is a noticeable difference .
that being said i have yet to see a bleed the israeli ca n't handle not counting joints
i am not alone and my allies have been ordered to release the codes in the event of my death ''
potentates most if not all benzos because of the enzymes they both inhibit in the body
iirc she stopped mid jack when he said polygamy lol
i think it 's usually because of the angle people take pictures in !
but you can rest comfortably knowing that you and other people who interact with you on a day to day basis see you from usually eye level and they see the self you see in the mirror !
how is a general evaluation like do i need to ask my psychologist if i want to get an evaluation ?
it 's generally frowned upon in europe america australia etc despite respective governments allowing big corps to cut them down .
that does n't answer the question of what their end game is ?
what are they going to do once the trees are gone and they 've completely decimated entire ecosystems and displaced or made extinct millions of species and no longer have any revenue coming in for all that damage done ?
it 's an odd strategy by your derm usually this is where a short course of prednisone comes into the picture .
what other manufacturer does n't let you install software you buy or acquire wherever on your phone ?
do n't remember who wiggins was talking about but i remember him saying something like reminds me of me when i was a kid '' but wiggins was only like 25 and had clearly made the choice to stop trying to dunk .
yes keep them and keep adding more and more everyday
i 'm not trying to be a dick but why are n't you doing this yourself ?
it 'll take you a couple hours to run the speaker wire an hour to order speakers/receiver a couple hours tops to install the speakers .
you 'd get an equivalent system for 1/2 the cost .
give this sub a budget a few pictures and an idea of what you want and a dozen people will be happy to point you in the right direction or design a full system for you if you want .
one person may suggest kefs another my suggest svs but that vast majority of upvoted comments in this sub are gon na be great suggestions and you could n't go wrong either way .
this is n't an unpopular opinion it is a moronic one .
stagnant but the duckweed purifys it and as long as it 's in enough sunlight then mosquitoes do n't like it .
what if the car is n't mine but i 'm under the insurance to drive it
i 'm at level 40 and i 'm sick of the grind
i just would n't make any claims on how the world works based on that data mate
this is a horrible hack and you should never do it .
ah yes linux is sooo exploitable which is why almost every server and piece of infrastructure in the world runs linux or another unix-like os .
the stories on why their creativity is a thing or dumb crap like the background of their fetishes
it 's a big list of for whom not to vote !
if so i 'll give you a gob of steel .
if you 've got 1st i 'll give you even more .
please read our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/femdompersonals/about/rules before taking part
if this is a good and well written personals post upvote it !
help us by reporting any posts or comments that break our rules
only reply to a poster for a dynamic if you meet their requirements
click here to create a report about this poster https www.reddit.com/r/fakedominantreporting/submit ? title=littlepeepeedan text=reddit username littlepeepeedan 0a 0afound-on-subreddit r/femdompersonals 0a 0aother-usernames-used 0a 0adescription-of-report 3a 0a 0aevidence-of-report 3a 0a 0a
click here to see any reports about this poster https www.reddit.com/r/fakedominantreporting/search ? q=littlepeepeedan restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=relevance t=all
to learn more about this reporting function read our guidance https www.reddit.com/r/femdompersonals/wiki/index wiki_how_to_report_fake_dommes_and_scams
click here to report messages from users who do not meet your requirements https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/femdompersonals subject=inappropriate 20responses 20to 20my 20advert
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/femdompersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
i want to play a game you must boop the snoot in order to leave through the exit gates if this is not completed in time the reverse bear trap will go off the choice is yours life or death
what card packs are the giratina in i really want to get it but do n't k ow what packs it 's in
probably you guys saw it but it deserves to be seen in every sub related to wood work.do n't need to upvote it just enjoy the work ... . upvote original post ...
they are the same person the theory goes that rick is just one person there is no multiple ricks they 're all just one rick the original going around to different universes and timelines and when things get fucked up he just moves to the next .
arre yaar both had emotional issues one used to like clockwork have an alcohol binge drinking issue where she would just drown herself in booze for 3 days straight and you ca n't have that in the house .
the other one was mein meri hi favourite hoon so she would never bother giving her partner the attention a relationship needs .
i have known both of them for 10 years and have hooked up with both but never seriously dated due to these issues .
always kept the doors open but both never improved even after speaking with them about these issues .
now one is married to a rich fat guy and the other one getting married to a total beta male so she can still continue her party lifestyle even after marriage .
both are not the type who sleep around but their respective husbands unless they have supreme self confidence are gon na really struggle with the personality of these ladies .
my biggest regret is abandoning dating my friend 's sister .
she was amazing but had to drop it at the courtship period only because of family pressure to get married in the caste .
sabhk ko bol raha hu caste ke chakar mein apna chutiya maat kata na and if you get ristha from the same caste from a tier 2 or tier 3 town believe their dating history is something you can not cope with .
i keep hearing more added stuff that is not on wiki .
thank you for the additional info i did n't know a person could be so rotten to the core .
also why not keep certain parts like the red dot to put on another project ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsjustwanttobefuck if you have any questions or concerns .
look at the shadows on the other 2 cars .
they have this blueish tint while yours is just black overlay .
it either slightly drifts or there are a few odd twitches .
idk if you did anything about that but you should check out how to undistort footage before doing vfx .
the grass you added under the wheels also seems off .
the color does n't match the other grass patches and there seems to be no shadow ?
and finally i think the car is great but the reflection on it is off .
reflection should be a bit darker but this seems too dark and seems warmer overall compared to the footage .
... priest ... at lvl 13 ... struggling a lot with mana
is it a common issue with low levelers like me
it 's something every low level priest has to endure .
getting the talent meditation you can get it at level 20 to 22 the earliest helps a bit but you 'll still struggle until you get a big enough mana pool and enough mana reg .
you can respecc once you 're compfortable with your mana at a higher level .
it might not be the fastest method to kill enemies but it might be faster than a fast kill plus the drinking afterwards .
try to have a good wand for your level .
when fighting lower level mobs you can try to pull multiple of them and cast sw p on all of them keep yourself alive and recast sw p when needed .
it 's risky if you 're not 100 sure how many mobs you can handle but it 's faster than killing 1 mob at a time .
drinking once after you killed multiple mobs at the same time does n't waste as much time as a drinking after every second mob .
what is it with americans and thinking they 're the centre of the universe and by extension that their '' religious bent is the chosen one ?
it seems almost ridiculous to ask whether any christian would be against human decency .
this way lies politicians that will go to a sermon on sunday then order 1500 people into a combat zone on monday .
the question is why would a famous preacher want to attack the concept of decent treatment for all people ?
because it opens the question that maybe other people of other faiths can be generous helpful merciful humane neighborly and kind to each other .
only did my placements this time to see how broken the system is myself .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
this is not pink but look like the bleached coral laces .
i would get true pink and see how it look but blue or black .
jesus h christ are y'all incapable of googling questions ?
this sub is meant for help with specific sled issues and discussing the sport not asking basic questions you can google yourself .
i was flipping through my facebook memories for today and watched the several videos that my wife recorded of me during game 6 which included the moonshot heard 'round braves country .
you ca n't claim to be body positive while being negative towards any body type .
all that being said and also with consideration that you are also a teenager you need to learn to ignore the haters .
anything you say to this girl just fuels her insecurities so save your breath and do an eye roll while moving on .
also the teacher is def problematic for playing this up .
she should 've spoken to miss body positivity privately about her hostility not immediately asked for your opinion when she knew the drama was aimed at you .
it 's a cool setup but the fact that you had to draw a signal path rather than having it setup like that on the board kills me inside .
movie and game people do n't want to use much money on it so they often use a speech to text app on small ceens
if masturbation feels more like a need than an option then its time to let the nuts chill
was thinking of going rf but i did n't see a single mention of it here which worries me a bit .
is there something i do n't know about rf that would make it suck for mayhem ?
according to sfx one of the films stand-out performances comes from mike wozniak .
a psychopathic gu'un who simply wants to throw every human into his airlock
a lot of contestants on these types of shows do n't follow each other until after all the episodes have aired .
some have said production asked them not to/did n't allow it to keep some secrecy or to keep people talking/speculating .
they 've both dropped hints that they 're together alexa with a story showing cowboy boots at her door brennan with videos in a very fancy bathroom with feminine products .
not saying one way or another as the shows track record is n't great but a lot of the sm behaviour throughout the season airing is calculated to maximize viewer engagement .
which is working with this active community as proof lol !
just lay down and roll down the hill to escape .
i highly suggest you try to find an encomiendas '' service .
i do n't know if these exist in costa rica but i am also from central america and i use one of these .
i pay a flat rate per pound and is super fast efficient and way cheaper than going with the stores shipping .
i also want to second what everyone is telling you skip the monza i bought one and it 's the only purchase i regret so far in my fp hobby .
600€ for a vr set i 'll play 2-3 aaa games per year on ?
sorry for spoiled but i really did n't know about this fuction
lay off on the economy you and we all know the environmental crisis is overblown and starving middle and low income people to death is n't how you convince them to buy into questionably effective policies that may or may not help with the climate .
public school curricula should only ever teach raw academia .
your gender and race crap is taking up time and kids are performing worse .
we should be focusing on calculus before high school diagramming ulysses by 10th grade and full complete understanding of the periodic table of elements before senior year .
instead calculus is a college course kids are illiterate at incredible rates and our science classes need to check diversity boxes .
foh my home schooled kids are doing algebra before age 10 and are currently doing legal and technical writing and diagramming plant and animal cells using microscopes and selective dyes .
there 's no reason that a public school ca n't keep up with me and my wife both of whom work full time as well as create curricula schedule social encounters athletics and educational fields trips .
quit trying to force us to pretend that people are what they are clearly not and quit mutilating children to try and prove '' it .
i 've made it through 200 level college biology text books with my prepubescent kids and none of them indicate anything about spontaneous neurologically incited changes to one 's gender so again foh .
i know you 've got the media in your pocket and you 're morally bankrupt but people do n't like being lied to .
hitler and mussolini have gun control quotations that are in alignment with the dnc .
the only reason you want to limit guns is to torture rape kill mutilate and enslave your political enemies .
you look like brown shirts and that 's not how you convince 170 million gun owners in possession of 400 million guns to vote for you .
choking slapping spitting pinching and so on when done spontaneously without prior discussion is not fucking cool .
and this is the type of behavior that the study is referencing .
not consensual bdsm situations where all of the activity is discussed and proper safety procedures are in place well before the activity takes place .
stop conflating actual degradation and violence with consensual kink .
it not only minimizes the victims of sexual violence but it sullies the reputations of bdsm practitioners who operate under the standard of enthusiastic consent .
i 've seen this happen on so many sites that say all genders are welcome it 's just those that do n't like it have a louder voice which causes problems .
if it 's important i talk to my partner .
if it 's fun goofy exciting whatever i have one very close friend but i tell her things with the knowledge that she has the right to tell her husband whatever she wants .
i 've never been able to tell other people about stupid little arguments—especially when my partner and i can/have put them to rest but having a person who 's there for you if things go downhill is invaluable
long series are always like this people refuse to get in when they are told but just give them time and show them something interesting related to the show they will surely find some time to get into that series it will be slow but good
freesync premium only matters if your gpu ca n't produce enough frames to meet the minimum framerate of the panel .
it 's hard to tell without knowing what your system specs are but i doubt it 's the monitor that 's the issue .
there are like 10 secret lair slivers average deck sees 26-32 creatures/slivers for cdr anyway .
you could probably run a 60 card deck with four copies of each one .
and the majority of gamers are right to hate on web3 games right now .
one issue i have with the current batch of web3 games is the sense that their being web3 should get them a pass on not being fun .
during the bull market the play-to-earn crowd were willing to give them this pass because the guilds were making money hand over fist .
there were also a lot of scams chasing that money which further hurt gamers ' perception of web3 games .
the reason i am excited about web3 games is that they can have game worlds that are far more immersive than those of non-web3 games .
detailed economies which can be extended by their player communities .
rulesets that can be extended by their player communities .
players will be able to propose new technology and means of production within the game universe .
web3 may not be strictly necessary for all this blockchain primitives make it all a lot easier than it otherwise would be .
i think web3 will make a certain class of games more fun for a certain class of players .
and those players will form bonds with each other stronger than players in non-web3 games giving rise to very powerful communities .
my current job pays management a bonus based off store profit but front line workers based off sales .
so management are incentivized to pay as little as possible and cut corners on equipment maintenance and supplies when sales are tight to maintain profit margins and get higher bonuses
i suspected so since it explicitly says 'decor package ' .
she will probably think about you and think about if she took the good decision but once she will realized that he offered him what you couldnt because you are not physically with her she wo n't regret no .
rare indeed really knocks yah out best not to use for more than a day or two so tolerence doesnt build up .
i am yet to try micro dosing it like quater pills enough to fell the calm relaxed effect without the dizzy leading to a very long sleep effect .
defs should be more readily avalible as a sedative medication .
phenazpam i have tried i dont seem to feel it others i know have had it and stayed in the benzo zone for three whole days so long acting indeed for those it does work for !
i do n't know if he did it on purpose .
he lifted him from the ground from behind and went to throw him face first on the ground a painful but not usually dangerous move but after he got him up over his hip his arms slid up from his lower torso to his upper torso .
maybe it was perfectly executed technique and the guy meant to do it but it kinda looks like his grip just slipped to me .
not saying what he did was smart but i do n't think he did it with the intent of smashing the guy 's head on the ground .
zoro with germa hax is giving any admiral an ext diff if not outright winning .
would be yonko level but his acoc 's still mid
incite violence as these comments violate site-wide rules and put us at risk of being banned .
be racist sexist transphobic or any other forms of bigotry .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bad_cop_no_donut if you have any questions or concerns .
okay you did n't say that in your post .
please do n't attack people who are just trying to gather more information so they can help you .
i 've got a chronic brain condition and have never been able to get any of my meds for free
first impressions has enough good stuff on it to still be a good album saw them on that tour twice for that album .
what is nuclear fusion if not sex between atoms ?
the sun clearly being the greatest atom orgy in the solar system .
sure its non-consensual since gravity is forcing them together in spite of their repulsion .
but the way they come together is so hot we can feel it all the way on earth .
i 'm 22 i started to live in an appartment and working full time at only 17. i should have begin to sense adulthood '' for whatever it is but i do n't .
when adults talk to me i still feel like a fucking teen to be honest .
this is not even about lack of maturity or anything ironically enough i used to be a very mature serious child .
now i just ca n't seem to take myself seriously as a full grown adult lol .
maybe that is n't a bad thing after all .
ridgid power tools that are sold at home depot are manufactured by tti .
other ridgid tools like drain snakes and pipe wrenches are made by emerson .
getting vitb12 is harder for a vegan true but it 's not technically neccessary .
if you know what you 're doing you do n't need supplements .
why do you have the life of somebody twice your age ?
my father worked in nascar and i had nascar shoved down my throat growing up .
did n't have the best relationship with my father either .
but absolutely obsessed with f1 and have been for most of my 44 years on this ball we call earth .
that being said i like this chastain guy immensely .
a true hero 3 what a cute little rescue weasel
i like to see the grease spilling trough my mouth like some drops from the chin .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
i am only a bot and sometimes reddit does not let me approve your post .
if your link is here and your post is not approved put your link a second time this will usually allow me to approve your post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfansblonde message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfansblonde 2fcomments 2fyjte9c 2fcan_i_cum_on_your_face_daddy_please_for_me 2f if you have any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
you remember how back before the mass adoption of circumcision they would wrap their opponents in their foreskin and slam swing their balls at each other ?
of course that all changed when someone 's ball bag got busted so bad one of his little fella 's fell onto the mat ... i can still hear how the crowd suddenly stopped cheering and simultaneously clenched their own jewels ...
yeah true true i had it about 3 months after my second shot was decently bad but just like a rough cold then had it again another 6 months later without any more vaccines and my only symptoms were a slight headache and runny nose for one morning .
i 'm not against vaccines but do n't see any real reason to get another at this stage .
for sure doing a good thing for the wrong reason your friend had cash or no money on the card he most likely would n't have got his shit back
the netherlands has a black face festival where they celebrate black pete saint nicks african helper .
i really do feel like this is a human thing and not just an american thing you know .
found another article depicting black face around the world .
i 've been spending so much time going to my daughters to work on her house .
it 's usually 3 tool boxes and a tool bag because i never know what i 'll need .
one of these setups might be a good idea if only for my weekend warrior trips .
drove all the way there from south bay and paid for parking to find out they cancelled at the door not posting anything on instagram is really fucking annoying .
awd is for ride stability superior handling with no loss of grip under any circumstance .
it 's the superior drivetrain option for driving on road .
also do you know how much alto weighs vs how much xuv weighs ?
no engine related issues with most diesel units including the awd .
like i said i 've owned one for over 8 months now .
it 's the petrol engine where piston failures engine leaks compression chamber fails keep happening .
the 'behemoth ' torque will let you overtake fortuners and pretty much everything on the road even if you 've got 7 people on board .
you missed entirely why torque matters and what awd is .
dunno what groups you 've joined but what you 're saying is far from reality .
i 'm pretty much in all xuv 700 groups on fb and even whatsapp it 's always the petrol variant owners that cry engine issues .
i told you go visit a service centre and you 'll get your answers .
the showroom folks will always push for petrols they did push me too because it 's faster to produce was being produced in more numbers initially .
lastly the waiting for awd l is most in the whole lineup because it 's production is very less and they sell like hotcakes .
they get sold right away because they feel like entirely different cars to drive in a very good way .
you should comment what you said after experiencing awd once .
without that you 're just speaking out of bias pre determined notions .
your post has been removed because you failed to tag it .
please include one of the following tags in front of your post title article book chapter supplement thesis standard other or meta .
also make sure to insert a space between the tag and title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/scholar if you have any questions or concerns .
and how exactly would anyone find out if she does want to pursue having him charged criminally if no one asks her ?
saying leave her alone she might be over it '' sounds like a huge cop out .
our oldest daughter 's birthday is dec 15th so we always waited until after that to put up our tree .
i 'll keep you company and you 'll keep my cum deal ?
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
did n't realize the toyota parts diagrams existed online straight from toyota thanks !
weve all had that they definitely wont ask that moment that showed up on the test haha
we take the win but they got ta work on the pk
not against the rules you just look like a huge unlikeable douchebag but you 're probably used to that
looks like someone experienced in eating taco bell ... sometimes you need a bigger hole .
to go to extreme of 30s at home is absolute soy induced lame .
lamer than accusing his own family of being lame .
if he ca n't manage a family relationship how does op think business works ?
capitalism is inherently evil in nature winning is often at expense of others .
best thing he should do if he has any sort of level head that is required in business is to calm tf down and use his situation .
contribute to family demands before you think you can contribute to customer demands because they sure tf do n't have your interest at heart .
that ui looks like android 4 or so and there are some apps that might still be available .
you can download apks directly from f-droid https f-droid.org site using phone 's built-in browser unfortunately the f-droid app itself keeps crashing for me .
slightly more shady but sites like apkpure often have older app versions and let you filter by supported android version .
on the phone opened browser downloaded and installed file manager https f-droid.org/en/packages/com.cyanogenmod.filemanager.ics from f-droid 's site
found apks on my laptop downloaded them put them on the sd card on connected phone
opened file manager found the apks on sd card and installed them
edit clarified that f-droid site and apk downloads can be done via phone 's browser
ceasing to believe in something and changing your beliefs has n't impacted my life whatsoever .
ok so.. this guy wants rc to give the profits of his sale to the company under the rule bla bla ... he goes and asks the company to go spank rc ... company responds that they consider this case resolved ... and he goes and files the this lawsuit on his own anyways ?
i mean im dumb i probably dont even get this but ... isnt this some pointless lawsuit just spam in the media tomorrow ?
i mean rc probably already gave bbby that money lol
i very much do also cause lollipops are my favourite sweet
i 've had problems with another franchise where after starting the game 'd load indefinitely checking downloadable content .
i eventually resorted to going offline to start and that worked .
after i 'm in play i then click to go back online .
it works and the problem is in connecting with the game company 's server .
if you keep crashing after going back online then go back offline for the sake of gameplay .
yeah thats great and all but if we could just stop spending and sending billions of dollars to all these leaders so they can run their nation that would be great .
its the trend and us personally cant stop change by ourselves .
just like automatic is trending manual cars are going to become less and less common .
i 'm 20 sure that timestamp is useless and you ca n't really timestamp a watch or sell a watch here without having it in hand ...
i bought it at costco so i 'm sure they 'll take care of it .
lol i paid 170 for a rx 480 in 2016
so take the mileage and double it to compensate for idle time .
this is interesting but would the body sense that a foreign organism entered the body and therefore have to attack it ?
i assume he probably did it to ensure protection against accusations of providing direct links to pirated content rule 3 .
wow keep up on what you are doing i like it
not super spicy but the yuzu hot sauce is very good !
free trials are great u/madsnevii28 but to ensure this post gets approved make sure to leave the link to your onlyfans page directly as a comment so that the bot can approve your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
nta but it sounds like you are now in charge of roselie full-time instead of not full-time .
however this plays out best wishes to you and roselie .
true but snowfall guardian is pretty underwhelming and a lot easier to beat since it got nerfed which i 'm grateful for i hated that card since it got revealed
and that is something you guys ignore all the time .
it happens to every other countries but that is not important in china since zero covid will take highest priority over other medical problems .
tachyon for sure been using it for almost 6 years
just curious if anyone here has worked with either mirabeau himself or his progeny and how their temperament is learning style etc .
also at a glance how do you feel about his conformation ?
more pictures of him are at blazing color farms along with videos .
nothing too rigorous just want a general opinion or experiences that someone may have had .
does that include ppp loans '' that never had to be paid back and bought every jagoff with a small business a new boat ?
she said in a comment the daughter is scared of him and refuses to let him hold her my heart breaks to think of her stuck with him with no mom in sight .
agreed they were n't necessarily complex but they were creative and memorable .
not saying the new stuff is n't but chris just brought so much personality to their music
i 'll never get that minute of my life back 🙄
what is the scientific definition of man '' and woman '' as you understand it ?
hats to state the obvious but was the charging cable in all the way ?
if this submission makes you go hol'up '' upvote this comment !
if this submission does not make you go hol'up '' downvote this comment !
whilst you 're here u/rubberizedwrench why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/holup or play on our public minecraft server https discord.gg/dtqsds8c3t ?
i agree that a ptosis surgery would be beneficial but it also seems as if you might need strabismus surgery to correct a slight turn in your right eye my right as i look at your picture
non-ppf cleaned black will always look better than a clean ppf black too .
how long have you had the lg and how did you manage to cause the burn in ?
i saw it on my walk home one day and now is walks up to me every time i walk by
i just ca n't figure out whether it 's the bike issue or rider issue .
i mean with the arrival of pertamina also came the arrival of new riders bo bendsneyder and tom luthi .
in the first part of 2021 there was big potential with 2 front row starts for bendsneyder who is good but he 's not a marc marquez or anything .
but then it kinda went to nothing when he started to score less .
tom luthi was at the end of his career and past his prime and he couldnt really match bendsneyder the whole season .
high point for him was p5 in qualifying on his farewell race in valencia .
and that was in the second half of the season obviously .
so it was more likely to be the riders than the bike .
bendsneyder is higher in the standings and after a relatively bad start to the season he came back strong being on a streak of top 10 finishes until the french grand prix where there was potential but he screwed up the start as usual and got a long lap penalty .
then he had a bit of a dip in form but he came back strong in assen with a p5 .
it looked like he is well and truly back after being p7 in qualifying in silverstone and p10 in the race .
but then came the races with long straights austria and aragon in which he is slow because of his height .
and in between of these two races was misano which is just not quite his track .
he scored points in all these races but it was outside the top 10 .
then came the eastern rounds and he was n't struggling in the race apart from thailand and malaysia but his problem was qualifying .
i noticed that he does n't change tyres and i think that 's why he does so badly in quali .
but anyway he still managed two top 10 finishes making it a total of 8 top 10 finishes if i 'm right .
and about the other rider s well they had a unstable lineup of gabriel rodrigo who got injured was replaced by piotr biesiekirski alex toledo then again biesiekirski and now it 's taiga hada .
hada was the only sub rider who has scored points .
and rodrigo was a rookie and he was n't too competitve .
so bo did n't really have a teammate for comparison this year .
and it makes it hard to judge the true performance of the bike .
or maybe someone knows i do n't know but i would like to hear what you have to say about it .
as promised i will be reviewing 1 dungeon each day .
yesterday i did the deku tree so today i will be doing dodongo 's cavern .
like yesterday i will be ranking the dungeon on 7 elements puzzles combat music atmosphere boss dungeon item and overall thoughts .
puzzles 9/10 this is a strong point for this dungeon and the game as a whole .
the one with using bombs in the eyes of the dodongo 's head particularly stands out .
it builds nicely on what the deku tree had done while being a little bit more complex .
combat 7/10 this dungeon has vastly different enemies to the deku tree including keese beamos and dodongo 's .
however my favourite enemies in this dungeon have to be the armos statues .
it 's great fun figuring out which ones are real statues and which are n't .
music 5/10 it 's actually pretty creepy to listen to !
it works well for the dungeon and i think it adds well to the atmosphere .
however i find it 's hard to judge as it 's mainly just some creepy sound effects so i think 5 is a perfect score for it .
atmosphere 6/10 i do n't think the atmosphere is as good as deku tree 's .
this dungeon 's atmosphere really improves in the 3ds remake .
however i think 6 is the perfect place for it .
boss 4/10 i think some people will disagree with me but i 'm just not a fan of king dodongo .
it 's a fine enough boss but it 's pretty bare boned .
the fight is much more repetitive than gohma and takes much longer to beat .
however i do like the way you use the bombs so i have to give it some credit .
they 're used very well in some puzzles particularly the one where you have to create a chain reaction of explosions to lower the staircase .
overall thoughts 7/10 a definite step up from the deku tree .
this dungeons puzzles and utilisation of the bombs really helped to lift its overall score .
mix it with some good combat and you have a pretty solid dungeon .
let me know your thoughts on dodongo 's cavern in the comments !
i a 22f was messaging a 25m lets call him bob for about 3 months .
bob and i were messaging 100 flirting with each other and would constantly talk throughout the day .
i do know bob in real life as we attend the same university together i was starting to get comfortable being around him and trusting him .
i thought we were going to go into a relationship soon as we both felt very comfortable around each other and i was developing major feelings for him .
however this all came to a halt a week ago when in one of his messages he stated that i was just a friend '' to him even though we have been flirting and getting along well .
this of course left me confused and sad as i truly did like bob .
just some clarification before continuing on i am not the type of person to send pics i really trusted and opened up to bob
i asked bob directly if he liked me or if he just wanted pics his response was not the typical yes or no .
bob 's response was that he needs to work on himself before going out with anyone else as his last girlfriend really hurt him .
he also stated that he thought sharing pics would give me more confidence .
hell no i have all the confidence i need this statement really annoyed me
so now hear i am feeling betrayed and heartbroken .
i am realising that led me on for months so he could get pics of me .
can you run code with c from android studio or does it have to be pure java to work ?
i actually do n't know if he said this before or if it 's me having false memories again .
if he did say it though i think it may have been in lotms but i 'm not entirely sure and do n't feel like watching a whole two hours again just to find this one specific quote that i 'm not even sure actually exists .
just wanted to make sure i 'm not going crazy xo .
been in there a few times over the last few weeks shopping for various bit .
everytime i go in there the staff are usually sitting around on their phones .
most of the things i looked at had wrong/no labels impossible to know what 's what and if you manage to tear the lads away for a second they do n't know either .
i asked a guy if they had a certain something last week he wandered off for 20 mins came back and said they had none i was after finding 4 of them on display d
not sure what 's going on over there is the place being wound down or something ?
because if there is a manager working there they 're having an absolute laugh .
i 'm a 23yo guy from europe and o 've tecently had to move home and apparently my irl 'friends ' were n't included in my baggage .
funny how you leave some shit behind during a move .
but yeah i 'm into punk magic the gathering dnd mixology and im into it shoot me a message about anythin im friendly towards all sorts of people .
looking to carpool to nyc for the yung lean concert on dec 3rd willing to pay for gas 🙏
i just watch a video about how the eu helps latin america with poverty and honestly it looks like if we were beggars asking them to give us a little bit of help .
and the people on the video always going like oh yeah because of our history and colonialism and stuff '' is like if a lot of us were uncapable of moving on like if the eu or usa have a responsability with us and there is nothing to blame ourselves our polititians and normal people aswell .
yeah they did what they did on the past and recently as well but in my opinion the most important step to make our countries a better place is to stop specting others to come and do it for us stop trying to shy away from how responsables we are for our current condition and take ownership instead of justifying it and trying to blame others .
as for our country the barrickgold took advantace of us and it was our fault our politicians that sold us off and we regular peole because nobody cared enough to look closer into those deals until years later and for reelecting the same polititians again and again just on the basis that they promissed more free stuff like you wont pay for it in other ways .
i think that instead of specting the gov to give everiting to you we should ask for the tools so we can get it ourselves but of couse that is harder than just asking for free stuff .
when i first start the vehicle after it 's sat overnight the check gauge light will come on not the check engine light .
once i 've driven it for a bit the oil pressure gauge will pop back to the middle and the check gauge light will turn off .
it 's not a slow movement either it pops back to the middle as quickly as it can .
any thoughts on what this could be and whether or not it 's something i should be worried about ?
i should mention some of the dash lights are burnt out unsure if that 's relevant or not .
i 'm using ecwolf to play wolfenstein 3d and everywhere it 's said i need a sd2 or sd3 idk remember well file to put in my ecwolf folder but in the version i have i only have sod files even if it 's supposed to be rtd .
also so i need to keep wl6 files in ecwolf folder in order to play sod and expansions ?
i have been living here 30 years and i 've never seen dead animals but this year i 've seen mice and squirrels just lying dead in the open .
today i came across a skunk in the woods .
there were flies already buzzing and landing to lay eggs but the skunk 's legs were constantly moving as if it was running though its eyes were closed and it looked unconscious .
just try find something that take up your time .
if you really get that horny use that time to go for a walk the challange it 's not that hard if you just look at it from another perspective
she can definitely suspend and bleed me any time .
edit i dont care if her acting sucks shes hot .
a place for members of r/superstarlaponejp to chat with each other
so about a month or so ago i found it on craigslist it was labeled as free .
so i asked the guy if he would be willing to donate it to our school for school vehicle .
he never registered it or something but we got it then we figured out that the previous 5-6 owners had n't registered it because it had just been getting passed down this train of people buying it and selling it for very small amounts of money until it ended up with us .
this process of rapid reselling the vehicle between new owners led to it being labeled as under the ownership of someone else in the d m v systems but in reality belonging to the person who donated the vehicle to the school .
we 're going to be taking what we want and then sending the empty shell to the scrap yard .
i 'm wondering if anyone can use parts from it someone already took the cup holders we are planning to keep the engine transmission body panels tires and rims you would have to come pick up the parts and we 're currently located in monterey california .
the vehicle is currently still stuck in paperwork problems because the guy that donated to the school does n't want the vehicle back but the school ca n't take the vehicle so it has to get scrapped .
sinn féin publish plan for a safer affordable more accessible public transport system
sinn féin spokesperson on transport representative darren o'rourke td today published his party 's plan to invest significantly in our public transport system in order to help to drive down carbon emissions and create a safer affordable more accessible public transport network .
in order to encourage more people onto public transport we need to address the underlying problems of cost accessibility and safety .
the price of a train journey for a family can be prohibitive while the monthly cost of commuting is eating into the already stretched finances of workers .
sinn féin are proposing to make the 20 fare reduction permanent and cut the cost of tickets for under 18s by 50 .
this would make public transport more attractive and affordable for more people .
we are calling for the 20 fare reduction to be extended to commercial bus operators who provide important connectivity in the regions but who have been forgotten about by this government .
we also want to address the lack of public transport options in rural ireland .
our rail network is a skeleton of what it once was and we want to address this .
in addition to the ndp projects we are committing to delivering the navan rail line and western rail corridor .
combined these projects would deliver important new connectivity and provide for an additional 2,375,000 sustainable passenger journeys each year delivering significant benefits for the regions and our environment .
for those living in rural ireland accessing services employment and education is difficult if not impossible without using a private car .
therefore we are proposing an acceleration of the delivery of the connecting ireland rural bus plan to give rural communities more transport options .
for those with a disability using public transport can still be a nightmare .
broken lifts inaccessible bus stops or having to give 24 hours ' notice of travel is still a reality for many .
over a five-year period we would deliver the total investment needed to make our train stations bus stations and bus stops fully wheelchair accessible .
we also need to address the anti-social behaviour that puts people off using buses trams and trains .
therefore instead of just talking about it we have included proposals to establish a public transport policing unit .
our progressive proposals show that we can cut emissions whilst also delivering social and economic benefits for citizens at the same time.
sinn féin 's 'driving down emissions with public transport ' proposals can be read here .
it 's not the exact merits of these proposals that 's interesting so much as the fact the largest party in ireland is trying to outbid the governing coalition which includes the irish green party on sustainable transport .
probably means there 's no prospect of pro-car elements attempting to reverse the current direction of travel in irish politics .
trying to find any maps that could pass as pennsylvania for a new project .
i was playing as castille and managed to anger all of asia .
there is no coalition but i got 15 different types of rebels spawning all over my nation .
is this because of ae or the fact i am at 100.5 oe
so is the lso station on supercarrier something that can actually be used by players to guide in aircraft ?
i remember seeing some youtube videos a while ago where it seemed like guys were in a server and all they were doing was coming in for landings and there were a couple of guys on the lso station guiding them in and grading them .
was that a mod or is it actually part of the game ?
you pay fees i 'll take care of shipping .
and if you 're in canada i 'll ship only in pwe .
so i recently got a job for alaska airlines to be a ramp agent for them .
i have my training coming up and at the end of it there 's a test i test very poorly and would love to be able to prepare before hand .
anyone know what the final exam will look like ?
i already got all 123 airport codes memorized so it 's just the final exam i need to pass
i 'm pretty new so i wan na make sure to make a decision i wo n't regret before i pour so many hours into this game .
simons gritted his teeth as he marched on feeling every ounce of weight in the heavy gun he carried but he dared not discard it .
it was the only reason they were still alive .
doherty and lawson marched on with him one carrying the tripod and the other the water can they used as coolant both had cloth belts of ammo draped around their shoulders .
it did n't bare thinking about what would happen when they ran out of bullets .
it had been nearly 3 weeks since the naval assault to retake norfolk naval base had occurred and at first it had gone reasonably well .
most of the assault force had made landfall and initial strategic objectives had been taken but as groups broke up and started to fan out the trouble began .
limited fuel mean air coverage from the remaining usaf and raf planes was intermittent and without the advantage from the skies the ground troops started to suffer .
those few in number the enemy were far superior technologically to the humans and they had excellent tactical instincts able to lay ambushes and decoys with great effectiveness and punishing overextended units decisively .
though skilled the enemy could be stopped like any human with a bullet to the head .
throughout this first push the machine gunners had been critical .
the alien armour was good enough to stop a few rounds but not the relentless assault of 500 rounds a minute that could be unleashed towards them .
initial victories gave way to a slow grinding advance with humanity looking to take advantage of their numerical supremacy and push forward into areas where the enemy were n't .
this worked for a time with small but steady gains being made daily gave cheer to the troops and led some of the more naïve to think that perhaps the aliens had been broken that they had thrown all they had at stopping the initial landing and now it was just a matter of mopping up .
the remains of the scots guards from the uk and the 161st infantry regiment from the us had been given orders to move towards richmond and then turn north towards washington .
it had been tense at first eyes and ears straining for any sound that might indicate danger .
now as they fled back down the same roads they had travelled just a few days ago there was no need to listen for the enemy they were directly behind them and coming fast .
they few days before had seemed almost peaceful until last night whilst camped in sight of the potomac river the enemy had attacked in force .
shrill whistles pierced the night followed by the cough and bang of rifles and mgs opening fire being met with buzzes and zaps as the aliens returned it in kind .
though surprised and on the back foot the human defenders rallied enacting a heavy toll on the attackers .
they might have even beaten off the assault until the browning mg covering the northwest corner jammed .
in a panic the gunner and assistant tried desperately to fix it frantically working as the aliens sensing weakness pressed their attack in that area .
major dunnet rallied as many men as he could regardless of their unit and led them away from the ensuing slaughter .
simons had the presence of mind to grab his vickers yelling at doherty to grab the tripod and heaving the water tank at lawson .
the hot metal on his bare skin burned but he just had to blot out the pain and push on .
screams behind him urged him to move faster not wanting to be the next poor sod to fall into alien clutches .
shaking out of his memory he could see that dunnet had stopped and was looking back towards the aliens .
he could n't turn around but he could see in the majors face it was n't good news .
coming from a wealthy family he 'd never had to do a hard days labour and the size of his stomach showed he 'd never had to miss a meal but last night the old boy had done well .
he had stood with his men firing his pistol and encouraging them on and trying to get them out alive upon seeing the defences fall apart .
he had n't even engaged in the usual rubbish officers like to call morale boosting .
they were n't advancing to the rear or seeking a more advantageous position they were running for their lives and everyone knew it .
as simons thought that dunnet called out to form line between a small copse of trees and the remnants of a few burnt out husks of what once were buildings .
doherty practically dropped the tripod in the middle of the line grabbed the ammo from around his neck and helped simons get ready .
lawson attached the nozzle from the tank to the end of the gun before shouldering his lee enfield rifle .
he unconsciously held a breath blood pounding in his arms lungs straining from exertion .
even after fighting them in the dark seeing them in the light was terrifying .
their bodies wore silver and grey plates but wrapped neatly to fit their slender form .
they did n't make any sounds not that simons would have heard and that was also unnerving .
men shouted to each and the aliens to give themselves courage but still the aliens came on .
they did n't seem to be moving very fast putting in no great effort but the distance they travelled told a different story .
dunnet drew his pistol levelled it at the nearest alien and gave the command .
as one a smattering of guns broke the silence but all simons could hear was the almost metronomic ratatatat from his vickers .
strangely it was a comforting sound so long as it kept firing there was a chance of victory .
doherty managed the cloth belt trying to keep it steady as it jerked and writhed like a snake knowing even a single jam could be fatal for all the men .
flashes of light coming from the aliens almost blinded simons the zaps not able to be heard over the vickers .
those that the light hit went down and screamed desperately clawing at the holes in their bodies as though that could save them .
simons forearms were burning and his hands were cramping but he would not stop firing .
round after round he sent towards the aliens smashing into the plating knocking them off balance before finally buckling the armour and piercing the flesh underneath .
aliens garbled and screeched in an animalistic way writhing on the ground as yet more bullets struck home .
cease fire ! roared dunnet but simons did n't hear .
it took lawson hitting him on the back of the head for him to stop firing .
there were very few wounded the alien weapons usually left people dead .
pack it up let 's move before they come back he ordered .
simons stood wearily to his feet and bent over ready to hoist the gun but he was stopped by a hand on his shoulder .
another group of soldiers had came over and picked up the heavy gear .
the one who now had the gun resting over his shoulder looked at simons nodded once and without a word started marching again .
simons took a deep breath and followed hoping beyond hope that they may yet survive .
i met with a lady from synchrony today and she told me cards deactivate after two years of inactivity not 6 months ... . fyi because i 've seen that bit of misinfo on the sub before
i 'm a trans girl she/her in a very unaccepting family .
my dysphoria likes to take over me because of this .
in the past i 've had a fair share of female characters i get gender envy from make me feel a bit better about myself such as ichika hoshino from project sekai or yori asanagi from whisper me a love song but i was hoping a canonically trans character could do more .
however every time i look to things like trans manga/anime it 's never someone i see myself in .
i was hoping someone out there could have recommendations ?
i spent 6000 within the required time frame and i still have n't received my 100,000 points .
this is literally so embarrassing but my friends and i were on facetime and they asked if i 'm going to my friends surprise birthday party i said i did n't get any text about it since it for one of my close friends and we 're only like four girls we came to the conclusion that she either sent it to my old phone number or forgot to invite me so as they all rsvped i also rsvped and low and behold she sends me a text on how she could n't invite everyone and that she did n't meant for me to hear about it so i apologized and told her not to worry about it later i come to find out she literally invited all of our other friends even our guy friends i 'm i wrong to feel upset ?
i got diagnosed 2 months ago at age 22 .
i started vyvance 30mg for first month and 40 mg second month .
30mg started okay but barely did anything halfway while 40mg so far seems good .
buuut i have a huge problem and i am at lost on what to do .
starting medication has made me realize how much i have coped with my adhd by using negative emotions as my motivator .
i had decently coped well up until when i was 20 to a point even i would have barely suspected i had issues .
i sabotage myself constantly and use that negative emotion as a strong motivator to work .
it was like a pendulum where i swing it far enough to one side i could swing back to opposite side .
i am so anxious about things usually i just use that anxiety to prevent negative outcomes
now after i started medication i feel ... . stable .
i get stressed and anxious but not in a strong emotional way .
i do not feel like my emotions are out of my control .
which is nice that i feel my overall mental state has improved but the problem is i ca n't use my usual coping mechanism anymore ! ! !
like i understand i need to start building proper habits and proper coping tools but it 's so hard i feel like a child who is starting life at 0 .
and i am having hard time unlearning my bad coping mechanism because it has seeped so deeply into my daily actions that it has become part of me .
i consistently and joyfully do self sabotaging actions because i subconsciously expect positive outcomes as that 's what has been true my whole life .
it 's like i had the choice to go through eitherby using my will power and proper structure or use negative emotions to drive me forward .
and everytime i used normal '' method i failed so much that i have resulted in using negative '' method and it got me through so much that i have build life habits around it .
i did n't know i had adhd until recently i did n't realize i was unable to concentrate because of something intrinsic and i just went with what worked since i was a kid .
now i 'm not a kid and my habits are still there i genuinely feel like a lazy person now .
i know it 's a lifelong thing and i know it 's something i have to work on but it 's middle of busy semester and i 'm struggling and drowning in life events that i ca n't work on me and i feel like im just being carried away by a tide and i was given a boat but i do n't know how to use one because my whole life i just learned to hold my breath under water well but my lung capacity was decreased in exchange for a boat and i do n't have time to learn how to use a boat because there is so much information on how to use a boat but not enough time to read it and nobody to guide me through it .
for people who started medication after building stubborn habits and have been on it for a long time what are some things that helped you ?
are there any things that you wish you did from the start ?
i wish i could go through other behavioral treatment but i ca n't afford anything outside my meds.. if there is any resources that helped you i would love to hear more about it too ...
tldr started meditation works but ca n't use stress and anxiety to fuel me through life anymore realizes i do n't have the ability dont even know how to start already built a life structure for intensifying my stress and anxiety for success™️
i 'm 18 and in my first year of college for fire service and i 've been stealth so far since i got here .
now i 'm only a month on t and have n't gotten top surgery yet but i 've always been on the more masculine side so people have assumed i was a guy since i was a kid .
i 'm not saying i pass 100 but no one really thinks twice about it .
my family and everyone that knows i 'm trans is supportive for the most part and say i should tell people and be proud and not hide it .
i 've experienced first hand how people treat me when they find out i 'm trans and even if there supportive it 's obvious they see me differently .
i do n't wan na be known as a trans guy i wan na just be another one of the guys.nothing more then that .
it also make me more comfortable using mens bathrooms and locker rooms because with no one knowing it 's never a problem and no one looks at me twice if that makes sense .
i know if i was out that would be different .
i do n't think it 's anyone 's business but my own so i should n't have to tell anyone but my friends back home say differently and that i 'm lying to people and should be honest .
just wan na know what other peoples opinions are about being stealth and if you think it 's fine or not right
what was different that showed you that you were feeling better ?
currently extremely bored and just looking for people to chat with .
just looking to kill some time long or short term !
if you 'd be down send a bit about yourself and let 's go from there .
applied in august 2021 tried expediting many times reaching out to senators .
i have cancer so i thought they would listen since i live alone and need support !
they never expedite and never even give me a reason .
anyways days turned into weeks weeks into months and months into years .
last week i called and they said at this time you turn is coming and you will likely hear back .
the earliest you could put an inquiry is december 1 .
most cases are solved within 13.5 months and you are in the normal range .
i called today and they said most cases are solved in 15 months and the earliest you can file for inquiry is feb 7 .
i am done i give up just gon na go to my fiancie now and live whatever life i have with her !
this is my first ever reddit post but i am getting to a point that i no longer know what to do i 've tried it all .
for context i am a f 31 146lbs 5ft 8 .
i wo n't go into the background because it 's long but i have a history of yo-yo dieting from the age of around 12 and tw eating disorders .
i have never been overweight as such a uk14 at my biggest and i am currently a uk8/10 .
a few years ago at the peak of my eating disorder i was 129lbs .
i loved the way i looked and even up to 134lbs i was really happy .
however i was starving myself running on anxiety and nerves and was n't allowed to go to the gym to train which was for the best of course.. although i have a dog who i was walking 10km per day during the pandemic/lockdowns !
i know it is an arbitrary figure and the scale ca n't be my only measure of progress .
i recently was allowed back to the gym with guidance from my therapist and my weight has imo piled on from 140 146 within a short time of around 8 weeks .
people tell me it 's muscle but i just took some 'before ' progress photos and its fat .
i hate looking at myself and i spent a few hours sobbing .
i know my bmr my tdee and i track everything .
i am eating 1500-1600 calories per day and prioritise my protein intake .
could long term dieting have caused metabolic adaptation to a point where i now find it impossible to lose weight ?
what more can i do to lose the 12lbs i want to lose beyond cico weight training and regular cardio ?
tldr need advice from people as to how i can lose the 12lbs i have gained recently please !
at that point they are a person with the choice of changing themselves or not .
so i was walking on the sidewalk same direction of traffic on a small bridge over a canal .
all of a sudden i looked up and there was a big truck hurtling towards me .
i was able to jump onto the railing before the truck hit me but it was a very close call .
i did not have time to snap a picture of the license plate but i do have a description of the vehicle and the driver along with a witness of the event and their contact information .
i myself am unharmed besides being a bit shaken up emotionally but i 'm not sure if it 's worth reporting to police .
this happened about 15 minutes ago any advice or help appreciated .
hey guys i opened up that penguin skin thing but i do n't see anywhere that i can equip it or that it shows anywhere at all ?
also the message with it said to open the skin pack first before going to the store to not get a duplicate but i do n't see one in the store either ?
does anyone here know of are in a just th7 war clan that is actually active ?
i do n't plan on upgrading my th7 account any further and would love to compete in war and get into the competitive th7 scene .
if any of you know of stuff like this as well for th9 please let me know as i have a th9 in a very similar situation .
i 've talked to this guy on grinder and he wanted friend with benefits and i was like why would n't i try it .
so we decided to meet at specific time on subway station near his place .
he stopped responding to my texts because he has busy with work .
at 4 pm he texted me that he will make it and that he is excited .
i arrive and he does n't respond to my texts .
so i go to the book store to pick some presents for christmas .
40 minutes later i got a text sorry i ca n't make it you can go home now
so i told him like what the hell why did n't he tell me earlier .
and he told me he was too busy working out and then told me that it 's my fault because of reasons .
the reason is that he said he was n't sure if he would make it .
he said that way before we decided on the time for the meetup
but this got me really really angry because i wasted 2 hours of my life for absolutely nothing .
because he was too busy to spent 10 seconds writing me sorry wo n't make it today so i kinda blew up and i cried on the subway i know so dramatic and wrote him long text something along the lines of hope you wo n't treat anyone this way again and you do n't see further then the tip of your nose and he just responded with if you only knew how much stuff i own
im not a gold digger no offence to gold diggers and i want to be treated with dignity .
so i did n't waste anymore of his precious time and left him on read and this is the best closure i will probably get
well money surely does n't buy you a good character .
hello so i was just trying to print the pamphlet to show it to someone when i noticed the church 's tenets have been reworded on the website but the pamphlet does n't seem to reflect the update would it be possible to get it updated ?
i shared the site with my counselor today and she thinks it 's really cool too !
i am 18 all participants and characters must be 18
somehow i 'd made a name for myself i got into the film industry working as a costume assistant but after some one night stands with some crew members on various productions all of which resulted in pregnancy i 'd started getting calls from celebs as word spread .
maybe their husband could n't get them pregnant maybe they were single but wanted a baby without a man in their life maybe they just wanted a breeding session for the fun of it or maybe they 're currently pregnant but their partner does n't want to have sex while they are so now i found myself as some secret male prostitute for celebs and i could n't be happier .
i 'm hoping for someone to play a celeb that is either currently pregnant and needs some fun or wants me to get them pregnant part of my agreement is if i knock them up i get to have sex with them a few times throughout the pregnancy .
i 'm open to this being just smut or we can expand it to romance and or slice of life where i end up falling in love with a celeb client and starting a family .
or maybe you can gm and explore my escapades with lots of celebs maybe even resulting in my own harem .
i 'm extremely open to all kinks in rp i have no limits i can dom sub or switch if you 're interested i can basically be the perfect partner to make this with you .
peyton list sophie turner ana de armas natalie dormer zendaya daisy ridley billie lourd christina hendricks elizabeth olsen maisie williams ariana grande emilia clarke florence pugh jennifer lawrence scarlett johansen bryce dallas howard jenna coleman jodie comer jessica chastain karren gillan kathryn newton amy adams amy lee hailee steinfeld emily blunt francesca capaldi olivia cooke millie alcock emma d'arcy in her rhaenerya hair and makeup emily carey emma stone margot robbie gal gadot natalie portman marissa tomei kelly brook and possibly more
the end of universal free school meals comes as inflation and rising labor costs are driving up food prices for both schools and families .
already students in the mead 46-1 school district in south dakota have racked up 5,000 in school meal debt only two months into the school year .
that 's more than the 4,500 in lunch debt that the district usually accumulates over the course of an average school year said the district 's food services director rhonda ramsdell .
people who have children in kindergarten and 1st grade they have never had to pay for lunches .
so we have to really educate them she said .
we 're working daily making calls to get people to fill out applications and put money on those accounts .
in pitt county schools in greenville n.c. parents collectively owe the district 28,000 for school meals this academic year according to the local abc news affiliate .
93 in idaho already has 6,000 in school debt this academic year according to nbc news .
and in michigan the detroit free press reported that a majority of food service directors in the state said they are experiencing high levels of student lunch debt .
ramsdell said she has talked to her counterparts in other south dakota school districts and many of them are also seeing much higher than normal student lunch debt .
schools struggle to get eligible families to sign up for free and reduced-price school meals
the national school nutrition association which represents school food service directors confirmed that members from across the country are reporting that student meal debt is rapidly accruing .
the association also pointed out that food service directors are struggling to educate families about the growing debt and the need to apply for free and reduced-priced lunches if they are eligible .
this is an issue that the school nutrition association which has lobbied to keep school meals free for all students warned of prior to the expiration of the federal waivers which had previously made school meals automatically free to all students .
low-income families—or those that make at or below 185 percent of the federal poverty line—still qualify for free and reduced priced lunches but now parents must fill out paperwork to get those free lunches which creates a hurdle said ramsdell .
the ones we 're worried about are the families who could qualify and should fill out an application or the ones who have n't done anything and their kids are eating every day and we 're trying to reach out to them in as many ways as possible said ramsdell .
as soon as she knew the federal waivers were going to expire in july ramsdell said she started reaching out to families to warn them and encourage those eligible to apply for assistance .
the district has notified families through email on its social media sites on the district website and through packets sent home with kids .
school principals have also been calling families to try to notify them about the changes .
like many districts mead has an angel fund in which donors can help pay for school meal debt .
but that 's not a solution to the problem ramsdell said .
ramsdell said she and other food service directors are asking their legislators for help in formulating a plan to deal with the student meal debt .
we 're going to keep feeding the kids she said .
we 're not going to lunch shame them or feed them cheese sandwiches .
we all say this but this is not sustainable for our programs .
california and maine have passed laws providing free school meals to all students regardless of income .
massachusetts nevada and vermont kept universal free meals in place through this school year .
voters in colorado will decide this election whether to make school meals free to all children .
lawmakers in massachusetts minnesota new york north carolina ohio washington and wisconsin have introduced legislation to make school meals free for all students according to a tally from npr .
in a december 2021 poll the urban institute found that nearly 70 percent of adults support making free school meals for all students a permanent policy .
i used the stupid asus ai suite performance boost bullshit overclock .
' puter only useful for some random amount of time until it goes black .
all i want to fucking do is remove the bullshit overclock .
i 've uninstalled the stupid ai suite 3 but the cpu remains locked at 4.18 .
im pretty positive this is the reason this 3000 dollar piece of shit wo n't stay working for more than 10 mins .
asus tech support is useless despite the beautiful weather in the phillipines .
please god does someone know to to wipe every last trace of the ai suite software and it 's bullshit overclock from my pc ?
should i just murder all my loved ones and set my house on fire ?
most likely everybody 's own account is true so if you have an issue with weed figure out the frequency that works best for you .
some people do n't function well on it some people do .
it 's funny for sure but more or less a filler episode .
the prisoners were lowkey the best part it was so unexpected and wholesome .
its le wholesome doge to make sure he gets guaranteed updoots and reddit gold
can i ask do you still believe in that ?
i appreciated there was a sign for pretty much every scenario and the general theme was eat and gtfo .
it could be just a coincidence but the only way to find out is to get that tooth fixed and see for yourself .
getting my painful molar pulled put did n't help my headaches unfortunately
robinson do n't got it tonight and idk how that 's a foul on bam when delavadova dives into his chest .
have you tried hinge and looking for older women ?
many young women are going to avoid you due to the kids and not wanting to be step mommy .
but an older woman with kids of her own or even grown kids might not mind
you are n't meeting him for the 5th time you moist potato .
my guess is without the ferrule the cable is getting pinched by the housing and not wanting to move easily .
try with an end cap/ferrule and see if that 's it
i think there are enough women who would enjoy the change and most guys would n't notice either way .
because if you 're ugly not even your dick size matters .
rip my wallet if they ever come out with a bremerton rq skin that 's as gorgeous as this .
unfortunately it is common for attorneys to not look at a clients file until a few days before the hearing or the morning of the hearing .
assistants usually do the paperwork like obtaining medical records sending forms to doctors if needed etc .
it is not a good idea for a attorney to not go over cases prior to the hearing .
it seems attorneys that are in a solo practice or in with only one maybe two other attorneys have more of a hands on than attorneys with large firms .
attorneys that are from the area know the alj 's and that can be valuable when presenting a case .
some attorneys meet with clients in their office a week or more before the hearing .
it can also be helpful to the attorney because they usually get a chance to know what to expect from the client during the hearing .
the waste management costs are currently borne by taxpayers who have no say in what 's being consumed .
do you use the apple keyboard when you do n't want to wake the kids up ?
breast bud should be behind the nipple so maybe get it checked out .
here 's what i see so far based on a few facts ?
alibi never existed if he truly came forward as a witness
wife is clueless or a very good actress since she sat with him while the home was searched
progress was made somewhat quickly once they had specific info .
this seems like it must be dna related since things were taken from the home must have been processed and that 's when the arrest happened
yesterday i thought they might have known all along .
waiting for an alibi to crack ca n't be the plan if he came forward at the beginning .
but at the same time it 's hard to make an argument to stay loyal to him over a better half when they were n't even winning with him there
ffs stop posting about jake paul it 's ksi reddit jesus christ
but in a case potentially sentencing a penised person to jail for life ... . how is evidence collected ?
bruh i warned you y'day night i had ur back and gave u the picture of shitfest y'day night before it happened
michigan state because i 'm dead inside and might as well try to be hopeful or whatever .
your karma is too low to interact in this community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teensmeetteens if you have any questions or concerns .
ahh it would go on sale while i was playing board games !
she is a pretty good actress too ... slightly out of my age range but i had a crush on her ever since jurassic park .
racial slurs is a bit over the top but again i 'm sure riley ism innocent .
stab her she cries like a whiny bitch and then fucks off
refuses to elaborate as friend stares at me in horror
the anti defamation league is an amish terrorist organization founded to protect and defend pedophiles
the only reason i still play call of duty is because of campaign and zombies .
i had my favorite pizza today for the first time in months .
i have been tracikng my calories for 62 days .
i just left enough calories so it can be my dinner .
i just can not live my life denying myself food anymore .
i have had short term success with paleo keto low fat you name it .
but eventually i get cravings and think about what i am missing and then it all goes down the drain .
now i am eating whatever i want but i am counting every calorie .
i will admit i love vegetables and i do n't really crave any fast-food items other than pizza so ‘eating what i want ' is probably much easier for me than for people who are dying for a big mac and fries .
i know i 'm late but i just started ...
i 'm new to gaming and have a xbox series s and when i seen this game i wanted a playstation so bad almost bought a ps4 but my brother said just wait you 'll find a ps5 and finally did but i was thinking the same thing damn this game is hard ...
i thought the same with ac odyssey in the beginning ... .
i kind of thought it would get easier ... . any other ps5 games are a must ?
those loses are probably built into t cs or agreements that say something like we ca n't be help responsible for losing your money because we are acting in 'good faith ' ''
yeah i think it would weaken it personally but pharmacists are excellent at these questions .
i make friends with my pharmacists for this reason because they will give you good info try to get you a better price and they kind of remember what you are taking and spend a little more time talking to you .
i do n't think openers are as helpful as you think
tspins are very helpful and learning them is very good
there 's a lot of opportunities to use them if you stack them right
dough in fut kin touch me ... ... you can always hear the last two words of what these skangers say
go to the store try one and get the colour that you like that 's not hyped out .
at what point is just bunting every at bat a better strategy ?
gee for someone who said they did n't care in their first comment you sure do like replying to me !
are you really gon na miss me that much ?
the reason aledmys ahead of chas is so dumb was just put on display .
rbi opportunity and instead of one of your best hitters these playoffs it 's currently the worst hitter on the planet at the dish .
thank you for your submission on r/nft join us on discord https discord.gg/reddit for live discussion on everything nfts and to share buy/sell your nfts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nft if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've def noticed it will always take me more than one pass on new hardcore bands to really start vibing and understanding wth they are saying lol but after it 's like unusually super clear
laura lemurex asmr does amazing role plays her whisky tasting one 's are perfection .
i have always voted left and believe in the principles .
but i am bitterly disappointed in the left 's followers who are turning more negative gaslighting selfabsorbed exclusive and dishonest twisting words than the right wing followers ever were .
took a too long gaze into the abyss i guess .
it worked for me i pulled a 3 red star from
a red orb and a 5 red star from an elite 4 red orb
do n't let them claim you on their taxes anymore .
i ca n't forget the wolf therians who believed their theriotype had blue eyes .
it 's bumming me out that such a staggering amount of people are getting terribly abused/undervalued/degraded within this profession we need more toxic positivity !
i wonder if someone with a 4090 could just get an a380 to put in a spare pci-e port plug dp2.0 display into that then tell windows to use the 4090 for heavy tasks .
i mean if someone can afford a 4090 no reason they ca n't afford a workaround lol
or maybe just stay on all the sites that do n't make you pay for verification .
ceb is already pretty old so it probably feels like baby sitting a rebellious child to him .
wo n't he promise something like i 'll take good care of your kid to atfs parents .
you would think their audience is more knowledge on these issues .
your account does not meet the post or comment requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/plipplip if you have any questions or concerns .
you can adjust that to 99 and 1 respectively and make it more accurate .
i ca n't believe i got double and triple around the same time !
i have it on my tablet phone computer and switch .
on the tablet phone and computer i am able to move between accounts which is nice for me because i use different devices depending on where i am .
if it 's a price you can afford and you think you 'd play it on your computer then you should go for it .
i personally enjoy playing it on my computer because it gives me a bigger screen to play with which is easier for me .
i will mention that if you play on your phone and try to immediately play on your computer it does make you wait a few minutes at least that 's what happened last time i switched between platforms .
listen sometimes the girl characters get the better looking armours and outfits .
i wonder if it was an islamic state would there be any openly gay people ?
they would n't be doing it openly or anything and they would act all modest in public .
so they should n't monetize that platform and solely rely on hardware sales ?
and if apple finds maintaining the app store to be such a burden then surely they have no issue letting other stores take over .
it 's comedy you say apple is rent seeking when spotify pays dick to the artists that use their platform .
spotify both adds value and does n't prohibit other streaming services from existing .
should i send an email to butterfinger to tell them that their advertising worked and i got my wife to pick up a butterfinger blast from sonic on her way home ?
yeah man if we do n't call nazis nazis and just play nice with them we 'll win all sorts of elections !
we can talk about policy and numbers and they can go on prime time television to say that we 're a bunch of pedophile communists who want to destroy america eat babies and force everyone to swap genders .
i 'm sure they 'll pay attention to the rational argument and not the wildly entertaining and sensational one .
but we ca n't call them nazis even when they 're nazis because then nobody will take us fucking seriously .
you 're holding the world back your takes are ancient bullshit that you should have been entirely disabused of in 2016 .
the supreme court is about to rule on harper and then red states will get to just give their electoral votes to the republican candidate from now until forever .
but we should n't talk about that or we 're being extremists .
a mob got within a few yards of murdering the vice president and several senators as a means of subverting democracy and installing a dictator literally last year.
but we should n't talk about that because then we 're crazy lefties .
i 'm not sold on exploitation of the developing world .
as a practical matter how does that work when they have no wealth and the balance of currency trade flows the wrong way ?
specifically which goods and services are not fairly compensated and why ?
the usa for example is not trade dependent to the point it could close the borders and be just fine with food energy and mineral self sufficiency while developing nations would suffer badly .
almost voted against him because he 's old and been in office waaay too long but then worried how much of a crackpot his republican opponent might be .
also too if it escalates you can speak to an hr rep about title 9 https www.aps.edu/about-us/policies-and-procedural-directives/procedural-directives/g.-personnel/gender-discrimination-and-sexual-harassment-title-ix-employees
yes his critique of the shit show is satisfying for all of us that have dropped sirius and long for the old escape of a fun entertaining escape
that 's what i did but the screen with the qr code appears .
he looks like he knows something and hes trying to warn you
i might be biased since i like the giants alot but i would say around king and marco lvl
rather than teach kids to be smarter let 's lower the bar .
any exchange for crypto would entice me to spend them
mostly just because i could n't go through with it .
it still calls to me but i just ca n't .
for some reason even after all this pain and agony and loneliness i 'm feeling something inside me pulled back .
welp i pretty much think he feels the same about you at this point .
if it was n't for the kids i suspect you 'd never have seen him again .
the killer is going to kill everyone anyways he 's just playing games .
no i 'm just exploring the concept of windfalls actions taken when it is determined that there is too much .
though the general principle of what is good for the goose is good for the gander is always worth investigating .
if we are going to have windfalls there is no logical reason why they ca n't flop both ways .
i 'm no expert but it would n't hurt to get it checked out
dry ice will make it brittle when it reaches a low enough temperature but it will go back to the flexible state quick once the dry ice is remove .
warning dry ice is dangerous in confined space and could be fatal it will displaced oxygen .
i think i did but i do n't remember it now .
clarei follows you trying to catch her breath as jaqso picks up a katzian rifle we 're close ... there ca n't be anything else that can apis who was also staying near her as you all start running quickly covers her mouth to stop any potentially jinxing statements
apis i do n't think we can afford any more surprises !
s3 had waited for you all to reach him before he started moving again but stays ahead of the group still clear !
you keep going going past the doorway at the hall 's end seeing it goes towards a room that would link to where nara and sevens ' group would 've been meeting you in but as the other enemies delayed them they 're not there but you can hear the gunfire from where they are .
as such s3 has you move to cut across a room meant for large holographic projections possibly for wartime use ... which looks like it had just been abandoned as there are half-empty glasses of wine on a table inside and the room is still dark illuminated only by a large hologram in its center showing a real-time projection of the battle outside the palace where allied forces are getting closer .
however as you go in s3 detects something wait someone 's in here !
as you enter the room someone in the darkness to the side of the doorway fires a blast in the direction of you all although it seems set for stun indicated by the shot resembling a series of blue rings rather than a concentrated blast
just my thigh tattoo because of my loose skin on my upper thighs .
i agree but i feel that people are expecting a good or silver out of ilia which would just require a top ten finish from another dude it 's unfair to him and our other men .
if the democrats win i 'm taking you to mcdonald 's to celebrate
it 's substantially more expensive than lasik so while it may be a better solution for many people it often is n't even considered .
not that this is an area where i would be looking to save money but you 'll often see deals for bargain basement lasik treatment as low as a few hundred per eye whereas icl will always run you several thousand per eye .
my wife 's was something like 9k for example .
but the same could be said of magical mystery tour which included earlier singles .
the original uk release was n't an album and did n't have those singles .
where do you think a hefty portion of their endowment comes from ?
yeah i do n't expect favoritism or anything really but i do appreciate being given the time of day when they listen to bug reports at least .
remove the notwithstanding clause so that the province actually has laws governing it and then they can run themselves .
does it make you wonder why he has a crush on her ?
how does one just develop a crush if the other is showing zero interest.. something to think about .
anyone else think the circuit royal theme sounds a lot like the avengers theme ?
hahaha yes exactly i can use him being in bn is supporting zahid being a fact too
i 've been a stros fan my whole life .
first team with two immaculate innings in the same game two different pitchers .
heck he could have driven in his suv and christine could have followed behind w ysabels car .
if you can afford it get a car hands down .
no issues in the rains even the zero star safety cars are better than a two wheeler when it comes down to safety and if you need to carry bags or something a car is just way better
but having plugged so many connectors into gpus test fixtures etc ... ..
there were a few times i was sure the connector was plugged in all of the way and it was n't .
in fact when the connector is properly installed it 's actually a major pain in the ass to remove !
plug it in and if you have to break a nail and leave an impression in your thumb to remove it you must have it installed correctly !
btw thanks for being civil in this discussion unlike some people that think this is me trying to discredit other influencers .
my motivation is if this is a problem with the adapter as the way i see it then people will have the same problem with any cable including corsair seasonic msi bequiet cablemod etc .
because we all use the same connection on the gpu side .
wait so you ca n't post anything to twitter unless you subscribe ?
i guess it got spooked so it ran towards the nearest shade .
maybe just maybe you could try and manually backport the functions needed for the new binary .
unfortunately i 'm not sure about your chances of success here .
my first naive approach would be to backtrace the function calls and either rewrite the whole function or reimplement the missing function .
this would need quite a bunch of reverse engineering and decompilation .
apple is for people who wan na lose money next year .
the others are for people who wish to lose now .
oh no god forbid i offended your delicate feelings in drugscirclejerk .
you can not mention dms pms or selling in your post title doing so will result in immediate post removal or ban .
no cash piggie or money emojis or hashtags allowed .
do not mention slaves or pigs or any other verbiage relating to findom .
shamelessly advertising your social media content is not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/verifiedfeet if you have any questions or concerns .
russo himself admits that in wcw bischoff would tell him after the show something sucked while in wwe vince told him before the show .
guess which makes it so you actually change what is on the show .
shit a dirty game you gone run into way more cutthroat people like this .
do n't let yo feelings get involved w business cause now you burning bridges .
you should 've just not said nun work 10x harder and make them want to double back to work with you .
then you can humble them w yo new price 🤷🏽‍♂️
you do n't need them to blow up if they wan na keep sleeping on you then fuck em make em regret it
yeah i 'm working on my second save file and i 'm struggling to figure out how i completed these guys in the first one .
i mainly play r6 i play games like btf csgo but not as much i play r6 .
and also i want to play story game and want a immersive sound like good boss on that but not as competitive .
difference in price between hd560s and dt 900 pro x is 50 witch is lot for me but i can pay it if there is game changer difference between this two .
we restrict posting for new and/or low karma accounts .
you 'll need to participate around reddit and build up a bit of karma and/or let your account age a bit before you can participate here .
we do n't disclose the limits so please do n't ask .
please note that we evaluate post karma and comment karma separately .
you might find this guide for beginners https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddit_101 helpful .
do not message the moderators about this you will be muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assholebehindthong if you have any questions or concerns .
i swear i keep fighting that one 5k team at the start of my streaks .
good thing the ai is too dumb to use it properly below 1000 streak or i might be in trouble .
like the other commenter said df used a gen 4 just a slow one .
you 're also wrong about the read speed not being utilized .
the sn750se was consistently the slowest and the sn850 was faster than internal on several occasions .
however the interesting part was that the differences are negligible not that the read speed is the same .
so that was new to me and thanks for sharing that .
i wonder if the higher read speeds can be utilized more in the future ?
and tbf to sony it 's not like they say below 5500mb/s wo n't work they just said that 's what 's recommended .
so it 's not a lie or a requirement but it does seem to be an unnecessary recommendation .
considering re-flairing this as hard vore since judging by that drumsticks the employees are n't getting in in one piece .
optimus prime just overwhelms bt the second optimus gets close to bt its done for even with flame shield he 'll just power through it
optimus was getting his shield chipped off from reentry while titans literally do not give two fucks about reentry heat .
optimus ai n't powering through anything and certainly not a shield that blocks bullets by vaporizing them before they pass through it .
do you have any idea how hot it would have to be to vaporize a basic rifle round in less than a few miliseconds that it would take it to pass the 20cm or so thick shield ?
the thing should be hotter than the surface of the sun .
he was over here 3 v 1 ing megatron starscream and grindor and almost won if he wasnt distracted by finding sam
grindor 's bro from transformers 1 died to a grenade launcher .
and you do realize bt is not only faster and stronger but literally heavier than all of them combined ?
nevermind the fact that bt goes 1v3 or more in just about every combat encounter in the game .
bt 's railgun would n't even have time to charge up since prime is just already up in his face
does n't need to it would still royally anihilate him like i posted above .
even if does use ronins core to run away he would n't even be able to use any thing to actually hurt optimus
transformers die just fine to slightly hotter modern day weapons bt face tanks almost everything in a universe where a basic repair tool literally disintegrates humans .
optimus should n't be able to harm bt most of his feats are only somewhat above what tank rounds can do.hell the multiple times he fires his weapons at the ground they barely leave marks .
all he could do is sword block or arc wave which is really slow
sword block is fast enough to intercept bullets nevermind that sword can tank all sorts of giant lasers and shit without getting damaged and bt is stronger than optimus anyways so he should win a sword fight rather handily .
thats not even mentioning his jet upgrade which allowed him to kill a huge space slug that towered buildings
by strategically firing all of his weapons into a single point on it 's armor .
he never overpowered it or completely destroyed it nevermind the fact that the driller has no durabily feats .
primes experience in the field and his iq is way better
experience maybe but bt 's smart enough to understand time travel there 's no way optimus has any significant intelligence advantage .
nevermind the fact that bt displayed far better aim and general skill in the few cutscenes and trailers he appears in .
they even win games in world despite at being sick .
i heard they have to skip few days of scrim to recover before quarterfinals .
not a furry but holy crap his confidence is so hot .
are there any nsfw parts on wu xiang 's dates ?
i do n't think he 's humbled based on what i read .
he is courageous to share and he 's brave and strong even if he does n't believe it to continue facing it and trying .
that´s from colombia and here we need to work like 5 months to be able to buy that shitty bike you can buy it easily and even buy something better because you can earn a shit ton of money for doing similar stuff we do but you know third world problems is not our fault to be born here here i am a software developer earning 1200usd monthly because that´s how we are getting paid and we can´t do a shit about it that scooter is probably 2000usd here yes everything is expensive here because of abusive taxes and shitty politician stuff i need 2 months of my entire salary wich is x6 the minimum wage to buy that shit hope you learn something
hell yeah now this mf filled with a bunch of weird ass trollin lil kids
inject 2 girls one cup sound bites into my games ... .
yes worth the peace of mind that all will be safe after a night of drinking assuming you are serving alcohol .
first rule of living in alaska make everyone think we all live in the deep woods surviving on moose .
alaska is paradise and so diverse in all aspects .
i live in alaska on an island in a temprate rainforest .
each year we will see over a million visitors on our island of 9,000 residents between may october .
my friend lives in alaska at the top of the world in barrow .
they have a pretty decent hospital 8 restaurants and 2 grocery stores .
a watermelon there will set you back about 60 because everything is flown in so you pay for weight .
they also pay really well for any job polar bear patrol pays over 100k .
this is the alaska with the 24 hour arctic summer sun and winter dark .
anchorage alaska at one time was the busiest passenger airport in the world .
anchorage is a pretty typical american medium city of 288,000 .
the entire highway system can be driven in about 36 hours and you will have only seen about 10 of the entire state maybe less .
there are other reasons you could be craving meat .
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
if you need a prenup she ai n't the one !
except a lot of times directors in those roles will usually have a phd
and i spent 100k using 10 year financing with 20 apr to get that freedom .
now when can i cash my well deserved cuz i am white american obese disability and definitely not commie government check
well maybe if you capitalise mystic 's name right the grammar app would n't fail you ?
however your submission has been removed because your account does not have a verified email .
you can verify your email address on the reddit preferences page https www.reddit.com/prefs/update .
if you have any issues with verification please contact reddit support at r/help as subreddit moderators do not have the tools to aid with verification .
this is a new measure we are trying out to deter trolls and spammers and make the sub safer for everyone .
please also read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/wiki/rules before participating .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
idk it was like oh he 's so pretty or cute and then i 'd start crushing for a little bit then i 'd move on
i think you should break up with her my friend .
with my gf and myself we discussed the sexual past thing before we even got together so we could be on the same page and know whether we are compatible or not .
some people think sex is no big deal some people think it 's important .
what i can tell you for certain it 's important to be with someone who has the same value as you do regardless of where you stand
so you think that they ca n't be critiqued and that we ca n't point out that it was bad to lose to them ?
like that it was very bad for the packers to get eliminated by them which was the point of this discussion .
tbh i am honestly debating going to the taylor swift tour because the openers are so good
my interests are the same as yours and i 'd be interested in talking through setting something up .
the thing i like about it seen it first time i want vr but with mouse and keyboard
should then be connecting the fans on the aio to the cpu fan header ?
i was looking up video games to play since i finished all my current ones .
i was researching games in different genres and survival horror was one of the genres i researched .
i came across dead space and i looked it up and found out it was similar to resident evil .
plus i thought it would be fun to play a game that takes place on a space station .
all you need is a separate account for the app store ! .
i 've been doing this since af came out .
only downside you need to switch app stores if you do n't want you us account to have your purchases .
not a big deal for me as i rarely purchase anything on the app store .
when i do i switch to my main app store account complete the purchase and go back to the us version .
all this while using my icloud id for contacts photos backup etc as i always did .
my eating disorder operates/manifests similarly to a lot of stories i 've read on this sub .
i very rarely eat until it 's absolutely necessary .
i then will involuntarily binge on the sort of foods that make me feel as bloated as possible probably because i want an excuse to purge .
it 's difficult for me to sit down and enjoy eating anything usually just me thinking about how many miles i 'll have to run that night and/or how long i 'll feel obligated to wait until i eat again .
i do n't necessarily want to be thin but i definitely feel fat in all my clothes .
plus because i 'm an attorney i feel as if my suits make me look fatter/pudgier than i am which really angers me and makes want to never be seen at the office or in open court .
i typically eat alone whenever i 'm eating during work hours and usually figure out a way out of attending office lunches happy hours etc .
i definitely feel a distinct difference between how people/women treat me when i 'm wearing slimming outfits than when i 'm wearing anything else .
i almost never go swimming in public to the beach with friends not unless i can wear a very puffy windbreaker .
my whole family is overweight and they all hate it so i 'm trying to put it off as long as possible because i suspect i 'll never be able to lose weight once i pack it on .
my story imo is very similar to a lot of other people 's on here except i 'm a guy .
if i 'm not thin i feel like i do n't deserve to ever have sex with a woman nor would i enjoy it .
that drives a wedge between me and women who might want to get to know me so that 's very depressing .
i wish i could just be an attractive guy who happens to be a little overweight but no such luck .
why do n't they go with the roaring 20s theme instead of throw back to the 90s
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
logged in to let you guys know that if you 're using android then you can uninstall the current gboard and install the june apk .
can we get a full wrist shot what 's your wrist size ?
i heard these have a longer lug to lug .
it is a really sharp piece just worried about lug over hang .
bike torch clamp 360 rotatable bicycle light holder bicycle flashlight mounting clip for bicycle led lamp https amzn.eu/d/9jvgpvo
i would love to cuddle with that sexy curvy body any time .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a platform tag in your post 's title .
posts to this subreddit must include both a platform tag and a version tag .
an example of a valid post title is ios 2.56.0 here 's a great post !
please also take a moment to set your user flair .
you can do this by tapping the 3 dots in the top right of the subreddit and selecting ‘change user flair ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditmobile if you have any questions or concerns .
base salary is legit but bonuses are n't that high for most firms even for the c-suite .
i 'm not sure it 's her specifically for me though .
i just listened to some of that 3 hour talk of her defending max and fuck i was just sitting there annoyed half way through .
if she wants to come talk about like literally anything else i 'll give it a shot but that whole last drama arc was so boring .
if i 'm not welcome to the family gatherings then that tells me i 'm not welcome in the family !
therefore i would n't be following through with marriage if i were her.. yta
says every wig wearing gas station clerk in the world .
better have that thing rabies vaccinated first ... . or not ...
no way it 's more common in the us tbh
this is an overdiscussed internet-spread fallacy aimed at critiquing the us .
the japanese would not have surrendered so quickly without the nukes even with the soviets taking manchuria
hilarious to read english redditors say we would n't have to adopt the euro ... ..we should introduce them to dross lol !
help double the efficiency of your happy ending massage parlor with this one weird/simple trick .
not as bad as 75 or even store 44 .
the second a cop pulls up they run and ride their bikes and scatter like roaches .
i would be cool with it too honestly though no one has ever tipped me that way before haha i 've gotten additional cash tips though !
whole europe buys more oil from russia then india even though india has more population to support then europe itself and about that india needs oil to sustain our country why do n't you stop buying russian gas completely then we will see how much haha you do when your already shattered recession economy goes further down hahaha
but do you want to get taken away by cps by the looks of the story op has a decent life except this weird thingy his parents do .
in alot of houses cps children go they get ab*sed etc .
dammit shan i needed you to stay in for another 20 balls scoring at 50 strike rate ffs .
nah it 's often real the bands just are n't well known enough for people to give a shit .
like world famous '' bands such as devourment who pioneered a whole genre still have regular jobs .
in the scene itself people are used to it .
bro i thought it would maybe be like 200 for.a good seat .
that is enough to just buy a nice old and watch the game with friends
hi there unfortunately your post did not have one of the required tags so it was removed .
just resubmit and add image gif album or video at the beginning of the title .
we know ... .we 're a bunch of rules nazi 's .
the tags just keep things organized let us set flair automatically allows for filtering and it also stops bots from posting in this majorly oc content sub which i think we all agree is a good thing !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homegrowntits if you have any questions or concerns .
camelia and wendu are both crazy camelia just has enough of a survival instinct to hide it superficially .
i had a miyoo mini for a week.. wife dropped it on the tile floor and the screen does n't work.. my biggest complaint was that the dpad/buttons were too close together .
i looked around at what i want as a replacement and i think it 's the 351v .
i will miss onion os though that was really nice !
our first prototype was built in the garage but started rusting .
i was always confliced about why things like demisexual is considered a sexuality .
it could be a language thing but when i hear sexuality i always think of whatever a persons sexual preference is but in this case it sounds like its just bisexuality with extra steps .
you do not care what the other person is they could be man woman robots dragons eldrich masses of tentacles the only thing that matters is that you love them sexually .
this head weak af but the caption is pure comedy 😂😂😂
idk rosa volendam or meowser or pgp or daisy sailor or peach halloween come to my mind .
lol stop talking the bots it 's not fun when you just respond to your own comments .
indeed did all of the above which is how i concluded there is something with the upgrade .
i 'll work on it also with the input above and keep you posted
i 'm pretty sure that yes sticking the bots and restraining them was good enough .
mineta is also canonically straight up big brain he 's 9th while slacking off .
if he was full power then he 'd be up with deku and gang .
mineta has also beat deku somehow in the quirk apprehension test .
also some counts of extremely sus behaviour that were never reported vs bakugo literally about to murder deku twice in plain ass sight .
i think he 's been deep in the roddy doyle books again
i remember when you turned yourself into a triangle or something
i 'm the same age as the niece and never once stole insult my family and take advantage of others .
i 'm a girl but i 'd love to put a finger in if that 's ok 3
people 's reaction in the background is the funniest thing about this video
you do realize armies at no point not even during the middle ages consisted only or even mostly of cavalry aside from a few specific nomad tribes mongols etc .
she 's an ex for a reason and instead of blocking her for cheating on him he maintained a close relationship with her .
you 're right though he 's choosing her over you so it 's time for you to stand up for yourself .
tell him if he leaves you 'll be filing for divorce then follow-through with it .
it was also negligent not to secure the bike in the garage
i want to use the beamnrc with iaea file as a source to change the fs .
trying to study different fs with the same iaea phase space file .
but first before i add the jaws to the linac module i want to know what is the correct number of histories to get approximately the same energy fluence graph for both iaeaphsph and egsphsh .
and what is the ideal setup for the cms also .
then studying the dose for the different fs in dosxyz
if you want ass go to a prostitute problem solved ggez .
sie ... bin im alltag aber meist in ner business-bubble unterwegs .
alle die mit du ankommen wollen irgendwas out-of-the-normal von mir ...
keiner meiner subs die ich so nutze hat je die regel erwähnt .
daher dachte ich das ist eher so ein deutsches ding
and these almost always turn out to be a hoax .
more likely than not this did n't actually happen .
da würde ich dann doch zumindest ein bisschen widersprechen wollen das überwiegend meiste im country hat seine wurzeln in europäischer volksmusik z.b .
klar es gibt vermutlich gar kein modernes musikgenre das gänzlich ohne 'schwarze wurzeln ' ist ins country kommt über die blues rock und jazzeinflüsse durchaus etwas von der musik der schwarzen us kultur mit rein aber das betrifft bei weitem nicht alles .
am verbreitetsten ist es in den 'neueren ' also 20.jhdt subgenres .
bot games are free wins and should be ignored .
tamamen işini yapmaya adanmış bir tsk ve doğru siyaset terör örgütü pkkyı çoktaaaan gündemimizden düşürmüştü .
some ppl definitely still do n't exactly know how the whole process works .
that is why whenever i see someone start to travel towards my level 4 machines i kick them
drink some water and take a walk outside ... and you 'll forget about your actions .
your comment has been removed for not meeting the commenting requirements low karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sneakermarket if you have any questions or concerns .
if you swap to and from other characters you can see it pulse .
it 's not visible for some reason but technically god 's do n't need them .
they typically just have them for show to not be noticed as an archon .
i can sort of relate to this my nex had his parents text me all sorts of nastiness when we had arguments .
concern is n't the same as sending me vile texts accusing me of having a personality disorder and god knows what .
this was a 36 year old man with 3 children and he needed his parents to fight his battles for him .
these same parents never held him accountable for anything spoiled him constantly
i see now i could never change his entitlement with an upbringing like that
they 're fighting for an evil man and for an evil cause .
it takes people who were brought up to be moral and who are n't willingly fighting for an authoritarian regime to be kind .
and who are brave enough to show kindness when they can .
their military leaders encourage cruelty towards the ukrainian people .
i know that the russian conscripts have to buy their own first aid kits in addition to their own flak jackets and other supplies so i can understand why they were n't altruistic .
i can only hope that i would do differently if i were in their situation and at least offer bandages even if she had to be left behind .
i 've been wondering the same thing but i 've lost 36lbs since june by just being on a deficit and i definitely eat a lot of carbs .
if you want to worry about a macro choose protein instead of carbs because eating enought of it will mean you 'll lose fat instead of muscle as you keep on losing weight .
i know keto is very popular right now but what i 've decided is that i 'm not going to make it unnecessarily hard for myself to lose weight meaning i still want to eat things i actually like which are carbs lol .
it 's already hard enough to keep a deficit work out drink enough water and make sure you 're eating enough protein .
i thought anchors were put in place to prevent these sorts of situations ... .
you used the item 'pike ' and did 16 extra havoc damage .
you got ta make sure the dlc matches the games region .
maybe for some copyrighted videos you can still keep them on your channel you just wo n't make money off them
i want you to be my hiking partner 🥰 let 's run off to the woods together 🤤 ! !
500hrs and this travesty was sitting under my nose the whole time .
the global military drone market growth https www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/military-drone-market-102181 is anticipated to hit usd 30.86 billion in 2029 and exhibit a cagr of 14.82 during the forecast period .
the rising military drone procurement by defense forces and expanding military budgets are expected to foster growth for the market .
looking for advice on dealing with a cockblocking friend .
she can be more of a regina george if she has a guy in mind and someone might get in her way .
whole situation is stressful and i am non confrontational so i 'm backing off but due to work work/living situation this will happen again .
i want to talk to her about her attitude and mean remarks but also look to deflect in a constructive way when bc it will happen again .
in knowing her for 8 months with almost daily interaction she has not been degrading for malicious until now .
wow your nails look rough your hair looks ratty .
we are very much adults 30 's and i do plan on addressing it when we are alone but i get stuck when confronted .
i need time to process before i can thoughtfully respond .
our work environment makes it so we ca n't avoid each-other in social circles .
yes the man currently in question showed interest in me and vice versa at a work party .
she told him in front of me that he should n't date people at work ever just fwb/ons .
a breathtaking vampire romance depicting adventure and love in search of the legendary 'vampire flower ' .
the vampire louvre sets out in his quest with the human contractor seoyoung appearing in the human world after 500 years .
... read the flower of vampires chapter 97 mangapuma .
trade cryptocurrencies with 1:500 leverage and zero commission https portal.cryptoaltum.com/register https portal.cryptoaltum.com/register
god gives us free will and the freedom to do what 's right or wrong .
he does n't want us to be robots with no choice .
but heaven represents the absence of free will for eternity .
but god will not forgive those that are in hell for eternity .
the idea of heaven and hell is literally the most unforgiving concept in the universe .
all this is nullified by simply not believing in jesus—because hell still exists for the non believers .
if jesus conquered death everyone should be saved regardless of who they are .
david and bathsheba 's son conceived adulterously was killed by god .
the global flood wiped out everyone except noah and his family .
saul was instructed to kill/commit genocide on the amalekites including the women children and babies because it 's war .
the egyptian 's firstborn children were all massacred when pharaoh did n't let moses ' people go .
genesis is now considered literary—because of science and pastors seem to say duh .
however for most of human/christian/jewish history adherents of the faith universally accepted the genesis accounts literally .
it was n't until the advent of modern scientific progress that the current belief about genesis took hold .
long story short had an account with bulb awful customer service so ended up leaving .
the main issue was with installing a smart meter they refused to help me upgrade to a smets2 meter constantly telling me that i did n't have a smets1 meter despite giving them the model number checking it online etc.. then saying i did but they wanted £350 to install smart meter 2nd gen and could not tell me when the gen1 's were going onto the dcc network ...
1 i built up credit into the account as i was worried about covering my monthly costs it 's now hitting £500/month for a family of 5 btw my income has not changed from when usage from £180/month and i have no backup plans or any fallbacks so was just trying to plan ahead .
2 i used the online chat..after a long winded attempt to throw me off the advisor left the chat she said she could not issue a refund for over £500 without asking her supervisor she made excuse after excuse in why she could not refund the credit even when i stated i was happy to accept a lower refund and keep enough credit to cover more than one months usage .
3 i then rang bulb direct the advisor was actually nice apologised and said the full credit refund would be in the account within 5 working days i recorded the call for proof i changed to the variable dd as well and made it clear that i was leaving bulb on 26th oct .
wait 2 weeks rang them back the advisor said sorry since you 're leaving we ca n't issue any credit refund it 'll be 4-6 weeks .
she then says a supervisor will ring me back within 24 hours they never did ... the advisor could not care less about my situation i was not rude or difficult on the call .
tried tweeting bulb they said the would investigate they then responded via a pm and said both advisors were wrong and that i would have to wait over a month ?
to get any credit refund ... and if i was n't happy then i just need to complain to the ombudsman ...
i 'm absolutely livid with the runaround lies and attempt by bulb to hold on to my funds when they are needed i 'm struggling financially like everyone else to cover the bills and i just wanted to warn everyone what you might face .
i want to unlock my device redmi note 9 to install pixel experience but when using the unlock tool it says that it ca n't verify my device despite having waited 7 days .
i have been listening to a lot of lofi recently while i 'm studying gaming or relaxing etc and mostly youtube ones .
so i decided to make my own after i recently did a classical music one .
any feedback would be welcomed but i just wanted to share .
there are plans for products that are cheap but there are also plans for products that are super expensive and most people do not lay an eye on the long-term costs of purchasing that specific product for others to win through a competition .
these types of give-aways are usually regarded with kindness but result in further depreciation in living for the winner .
it 'd provide a more readily renewable source of grass give another great use to fences to keep spreading grass back and make making fields of grass way less tedious .
i 've been in her life for almost two years she 's 8 years old now and when i first met her she was 6 .
our current situation whenever sd needs something a drink a snack food her ipad a toy anything ... she comes to me .
she will command get me ... . to me and me only .
she never goes to her father for anything other than for attention and love .
she will draw him pictures and make things for him .
she will tell him he 's the best dad and i do all the work to get nothing in return .
two days ago she called me a maid so at least i know how she truly feels towards me .
she does n't say thank you she is very rude bossy and commanding .
i want to pull away from her i feel a lot of resentment .
i do n't know how it got to this point but it did n't happen over night .
i keep seeing comments saying that the airwrap is super fast and they blowdry and curl their mid-length hair in 20 mins or so i could just never .
i have fine 2a hair shoulder length medium amount and just airwrapping my dry hair takes at least 30 mins for me .
it 's a lot slower than using my ghd but less damaging .
if i blowdry before that adds an extra 15 mins .
so the other day i was driving my car and both the brake light and the traction control light illuminated on the dash .
the car then started to jerk and would not accelerate well .
when it would get to 60-80 kph the right wheel would make a clicking noise and it struggled to go faster .
he plugged it in to a computer and it pulled a 5e38 code and then also he showed me on a computer plugged to the car when driving the different percentages as he turned the steering wheel and applied brakes .
he pointed out that when he would push the accelerator the percentage would not go up .
i was hoping to get an explanation on what is going on so i can understand it more before spending money .
wtb 2-5ml of these also open to any suggestions that are similar
phiên bảngiá bán lẻkhuyến mãi tháng 11-2022**k3 1.6 mt 584,000,000theo chương trình khuyến mãi của đại lýk3 1.6 at luxury639,000,000theo chương trình khuyến mãi của đại lýk3 1.6 premium674,000,000theo chương trình khuyến mãi của đại lýk3 1.6 turbo779,000,000theo chương trình khuyến mãi của đại lýk3 2.0 at premium704,000,000theo chương trình khuyến mãi của đại lý
drove down to the bar got out of my car stood outside and got back in .
drove home took another loop but managed to end up home and sober .
today was a pretty shitty day but drinking would n't have helped .
why yes your sister painted them for me after i fucked her . ''
i saw someone else do this and thought i should share my show as well .
i 'm a good bit into my senior year play coming up the laramie project and i ca n't wait for my senior musical .
my freshman year grease got cancelled because of covid right before tech week sophomore year i played mr mushnick in little shop of horrors in our schools gym with the lights on .
last year i got shunted into the part of lurch in the addams family because i 'm by far the tallest but i think that i 've got this show on lock .
i saw mamma mia last year performed by another school and i loved it but i do n't remember what parts would be good for me .
which male roles are good for comedically strong performers ?
my throat starts feeling tight almost like an allergic reaction and phlegm starts coming up nonstop .
my throat releases some gurgles and it feels like a bubble of air slamming against the entrance to my throat and a lump .
it keeps piling on to the feeling of someone choking me with their hand and it sucks .
the only way to stop it is to lie down .
i 've gone to the nurses office and just lied down .
i only recently made the connection that it was probably a result of not being able to burp .
i was always told it 's just acid reflux and post nasal drip so i just went with that .
but one time at the end of a day in high school i had been trying to fight the feeling for a few hours .
i tried to lie down in the bus seat as much as possible and i was almost home .
but i just could n't keep it down anymore .
i let out this huge burp that lasted for a comically long time .
but this feeling becomes unbearable if i ca n't lie down .
it disappears for a long time and i forget about it but it always comes back during random parts of the year .
it goes away when i go to sleep at night until it starts up the next day .
i 've tried many antacids and gas x etc and the only thing that works is just to lie down .
i 'm not so sure it 's connected to food because i eat spicy food and stuff year round and most of the time it never happens .
it always come back at a similar time of day .
one time recently i was able to make myself burp .
i do n't remember if it made me feel better but it probably did .
but now i ca n't make myself burp again .
i ca n't lie down everywhere so if there are any other remedies and i would love to know if there are other people who have this/it affects them as much as it affects me
if you changed your handlebars is there enough extra slack for up to 12-inch apes ?
thinking about installing 10 or 12-inch apes ... .but also considering scrambler bars .
gon na be taking some spy calls tomorrow before the release of the nonfarm payroll job report .
i 've been looking to see if the job report is enough to make a positive impact on the major indexes does anyone have experience playing the job reports ?
not gon na risk too much but would love to eek out a little profit .
i 'm trying to create a texture3d or a texturearray to use into a shader .
but i found that my problem is probably related by this lines
the following part of the code i get an error in execution of ! p_image.is_valid in the set_layer_data .
it 's like the image does n't fill correctly also try to use .fill the texture internally is a null pointer .
basic knowledge needed on what to do and what not to do .
i have a lacie 4t and backup external for the lacie .
however i 've recently changed over to pc starting fresh .
how do i go about using these external hardrive with my pc .
how to still use these without corrupting any data ...
the annual fee just hit and it 's not worth the 95 for me .
it 's been 3 days since the fee hit .
i think i remember reading on here that i can downgrade the card and they 'll remove the fee ?
i 've been looking for a chat partner for a while .
check out my profile if your up for nsfw stuff but not needed to just chat .
i 'm pretty much always on so dm me and let 's get a conversation going
i 'm having the hardest time getting cover art for my games to show up .
watched a few different tutorials followed a few different steps still no luck .
i 'm loading games off of an hdd and my artwork is in the art folder in the hdd 's opl path .
all the game ids match with the art as well .
copying updated art files in wlaunchelf from my usb drive to the root of opl on my hdd
edit by the way the setting for game cover art is enabled in opl
so the other day me and my bf had such a great day .
until we were texting and he told me that he was going to game then go to sleep early by 11 pm ish .
fyi he sleep late like around 1 am ... so i called him at 11 pm to talk to him and say goodnight ... but no answer ... which was weird because he sleeps late.. ok no biggie i went to sleep .
the next following morning i had a gut feeling to look at his friends instagram story one of his party friends ... so i did and saw him a club .
so i waited for a good morning text message he always says goodmorning and i asked him what time did he sleep last night .
we talked and made it known that it bothered me ...
i have n't texted him back for 4 days now..
he does everything right we always have a good time he treats me really well ... but this lie just bothers me.. idk why he would lie .
i thought i would love machine learning but i kind of hate it haha .
on the other hand parallel programming was one of the most profound and eye opening courses i took .
prerequisites patience and respect for an ever-learning gm and your fellow players and a working mic .
i ai n't much for a lot of pretty words .
i need some locals to track down a dirty snake from back home and bring 'em to me alive .
ooc ic response or prompt if you are so inclined .
discord name if i do n't know you character sheet role familiarity the usual stuff .
also include any particular corporate or syndicate connections your character might have .
i 'd like to ltm of a date correction but not sure how to find them !
for me personally it 'd be a game changer even if it was only for plus members 😭
have n't been able to go to the city since then
looking for some ppl on ps4 to play with have n't played this game is so long
if you have an unattended death that means the deceased person 's or corpse was n't discovered for longer than a day .
after a death the aftermath of a body decomposing will cause the places where the corpse was found to become contaminated .
the city 's coroner 's office will remove the body 's remains to the greatest extent possible .
however usually there 's an abundance of contaminants and biohazards that is left for us to wash and clean .
hello dear reader i am ɐɔǝ oɹó̶̺͋ ̶̳̓͘ǝɔ̸̤̙͐∀ but you may refer to me as ace .
i am what you may all consider to be a keeper of knowledge or librarian in simple terms .
i do not have your libraries '' for i hold the knowledge in one place in one book .
a place you shall never find and a book you shall never read but i will give people a page when they are worthy .
for now it seems someone is interested in one of my favorite games the hell and heaven stairs .
pay close attention reader for as much fun it is too me to play this wonderful game it would be very dangerous for you .
to begin the game a person must find a closed off stairway in a building with 7 3 or 13 floors .
when the person enters the stairway they must make sure they are with any other friends they may have .
otherwise make sure it is empty do n't want people to ruin the fun you know .
next you must give an offering just cut the palms of the people that are participating and smear the blood on the floor of the ground floor .
do not start from the basement or any floor besides the ground you may be seen as cheaters and may be kicked '' from the game .
now that the blood is smeared the game shall begin .
before you start though make sure to bring some essentials as this may be long .
a flashlight as it will get dark and from what i recall you humans do n't have night vision .
you humans always need to eat do n't you .
use as a last resort as what will occur is worse than death .
now that you are all set begin the game and start the climb .
there are some rules you must follow at all times and dont break any of them or you shall die or have a fate worse than death ! ! !
you humans would n't survive unlike me and my friends .
you may rest for 30 seconds at most on each floor except every tenth floor .
these floors you can stay as long as you like .
the shadow friends will keep you company and whisper dark thoughts to keep you awake
he will climbing up the stairs after you guys .
think of it as tag and every tenth floor is a safe zone from him .
if you see him or learn of his appearance he will not stop running after you even if you remain on a tenth floor .
if you plan to wuss out '' of this fun game exit through a lit door with people talking on the other side .
every other floor than the tenth floor it is safe to leave on i am not lying .
keep track of the floor numbers if you can as they will eventually disappear the farther you go .
did i forget the mention when the game starts you need to travel 100 floors ?
just do n't get fooled by the fake numbers that appear that 's what the counter is for .
after the fiftieth floor it will start to get progressively darker .
make sure to offer the beggar on floor 62 some food .
an arm or a grilled cheese is fine but do n't give him any chocolate or sweets .
he gets enough of those already and he tends to go on an eating craze if he does .
my friend will catch you if you do and he likes to play with the people he catches until they wear out of course .
that 's why he likes to play this game for new toy i mean friends .
last but not least when you make it too the 100th floor shout i won '' or we won '' to end the game .
do n't shout it on other floors my friend get angry with liars .
when someone wins the game i will stop by and give the players each a page of their life from my book .
this page will depict their future and will let them know what shall occur .
most of the time they look defeated for some reason .
is it because i make them walk all the way back down the stairs ?
well at least they do n't have to worry about the rules or my friend .
the game is over but they never come back to see me and my friend keeps saying that he does n't know what happens to them and always goes back to playing with some of his new toys .
one of my friend seriously need an advice related to his relationship .
he is recently attached with a girl of his college .
he is highly interested in her infact if we consider her acts for my friend its clear that she is also highly interested .
she does video call whole night with my friend she asked my friend for date .
before this she has never been on a date no relationship as she says that she dont want any relationship wont do marriage and prefer to live single whole life .
her acts and her words are clearly opposite in nature .
on one side she shows him interest and on other hand her words are opposite of them .
however he clearly said i told him to leave after pointing a gun at him and he advanced ''
yes they are a scam and they are bad for the draining of your lymph nodes if you wear them for more than 8 hours which most people do .
actually most cruise lines do n't have a requirement beyond not expired for almost all the the caribbean cruises .
the exception is if the cruise includes a port of call where you ca n't cruise on your birth certificate .
i know virgin requires a passport for all cruises but have n't looked into whether they have a date requirement too .
they are making it just not distributing it i believe .
picked up a sixer at the shop in kalamazoo a few weeks ago .
i think certain proxy mentality comes from worrying about what others think .
do whatever you want it 's noone else 's business .
2 great comics better than most of the current generation of not trying to offend '' comedy aka seattle comedy
remember to rate your own post as a top-level comment not a reply to this and do not delete it within 30 days or you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/truefmk if you have any questions or concerns .
i followed all of your post except for the that 's not how math works .
did i make a mistake somewhere i did n't catch ?
this post just reminded me of 2006-era craigslist mini pig and maine coon scams lol
i am so lucky i was like 12 and had no money .
r/irlgirls is a subreddit that highlights the average girl that you see in your everyday life .
since the girls posted here are not famous or have a huge following we want to make sure that this is an anti-stalker subreddit .
it is not fair to put a girl 's safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you will be banned if you post/ask for a source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i scrolled through several dozen comments and i am surprised no one has brought up the fact that the daughter is 16 and is driving therefore should know better .
she is literally trusted with a multi-ton potential murder weapon of her own yet viewed as equally 'dumb teenager ' to her 14 year old brother ?
then her driving privileges should be taken away until she proves herself able to think through consequences of her action but those who argue that she is being unfairly harshly punished fail to see that point entirely .
haha i miss the days of infiniti being competitive .
i had a g37s coupe that was full bolt on and loved it .
was disappointed in the q60 when it came out .
but it should be 25 take home 14 gross income .
her voice itself is n't bad it 's just her lines feel a little too cringe .
valk can just get grating to listen to after hearing wings up '' for the 50th time in one match .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hornierthanonmain .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
mmmmmm.. bold to put alice in chains in this mix .
if you want to climb ladder you 'll need the card lvls to do it
only time my mom ever had to fire someone she cried and then stepped down from the position she was in .
she still got choked up about it 30 years later telling me .
to be fair the hire-ups pretty much used her to fire a nice old man to get out of paying him a pension which is just evil .
tricked my mom into taking a promotion and then first order of business was fire bob .
apparently she let her superior know in no uncertain terms how shitty it was and that she 'd be taking her old job back and it was n't a discussion .
uberx really trying to downplay fuel to counter the desk curse huh ?
i 'll never even make 40k a year in my life lol .
there may be good moments but i do n't believe you can be happy as long as you 're selling your freedom .
absolutely no time to try and find new hobbies .
those times you do try to enjoy life you 're exhausted from the days before m. your boss saying sure you can travel the world but you only get to do it 4 weeks a year .
happiness and joy is all around just do n't forget you ca n't spend too much time enjoying life you 've got bills to pay
he liked svgs tweet about there being too much hate
it 's google hangouts on the game apps for me .
but how idk shit about this you know what i 'm asking one of my lesbian friends tomorrow
you claim your son enjoys eating breakfast with his friends .
you reviewed the student handbook at open house and since your kid is 10 you 've seen the elementary school 's handbook multiple times now .
you failed to provide your child breakfast at home and also failed to get him to school in time for him to eat the school 's charitable breakfast .
our faq may be able to answer your question .
https www.reddit.com/r/beermoney/wiki/faq/sites if you are new to r/beermoney we recommend checking our beginner guide .
you can also find plenty of sites by using the search bar https www.reddit.com/r/beermoney/search ? q=flair 3a 22gpt 22+or+flair 3a 22ptc 22+or+flair 3a 22microtasks 22+or+flair 3a 22videos 22+or+flair 3a 22passive 2f+semi-passive 22+or+flair 3a 22surveys 22+or+flair 3a 22cash+back 22+or+flair 3a 22data+monitoring 22+or+flair 3a 22receipt+scanning 22+or++flair 3a 22usability+testing 22+or++flair 3a 22gaming+tasks 22+or++flair 3a 22paid+study 22+or++flair 3a 22other+sites 22+or++flair 3a 22megalist 22+or++flair 3a 22guide 22 restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all .
commonly searched things include games https www.reddit.com/r/beermoney/search ? q=game+or+flair 3agaming restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all passive https www.reddit.com/r/beermoney/search ? q=passive+or+flair 3apassive restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all and countries such as uk https www.reddit.com/r/beermoney/search ? q=uk+or+u.k. restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all philippine https www.reddit.com/r/beermoney/search ? q=philippine restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all canada https www.reddit.com/r/beermoney/search ? q=canada+or+flair 3aca restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all .
reddit 's search can be a bit finicky so try to use as few words as possible when searching .
if you are looking for a certain type of gift card try checking if it 's available on amazon.com .
amazon has playstation https www.amazon.com/60-playstation-store-gift-card/dp/b00xjzhjca playstation plus https www.amazon.com/month-playstation-plus-membership-digital/dp/b017v6yvdc xbox https www.amazon.com/10-xbox-gift-card-digital/dp/b00f4cehnk xbox live https www.amazon.com/month-xbox-live-gold-membership/dp/b002vbwip6 battle.net https www.amazon.com/battle-net-store-gift-card-balance/dp/b012jms4w2 nintendo eshop https www.amazon.com/ecash-nintendo-eshop-switch-digital/dp/b01lyocvzf google play https www.amazon.com/google-play-gift-code-mail/dp/b074t91qtz and more .
amazon.com gift cards are offered on most sites so you could use your amazon.com gift card to buy what you want .
fearless you are supposed to taunt them not the miniheart
in order to promote safe transactions we recommend all users view our rules guidelines and recommendations on our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/fragranceswap/wiki/index .
some basic tips to stay safe include only selling to people who comment on your post before pming vetting your transaction partner asking for a timestamp on pictures verifying juice levels in bottles and using paypal goods and services .
to calculate paypal goods and services fees you can use this calculator https thefeecalculator.com
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fragranceswap if you have any questions or concerns .
think it was definitely because they ruled him down right ?
i saw it live too but then on replay his knee was down pretty early .
the zords are infused by morphing grid energy making them immune to certain forms of magic '' .
your idea is that she go against medical advice just for the sake of some spicy times
she was n't keen on the idea and you refused to listen or understand instead you argued why her points were n't valid .
you then blamed her perfectly valid hesitancy for perpetuating the number one problem in the relationship ''
you need to seriously apologise dude and do n't try to get out of the doghouse until she drags you out .
it 's like there 's a clear solution to our problems that would work for both of us and she just is refusing .
this is so completely out of tune with how relationships work .
get relationship counselling or at least binge the school of life '' youtube channel .
they 're b team wrestlers but a team mma guys .
in the past all the top dagestani grapplers did judo freestyle and greco in that order and sambo and back then mma was a lower talent pool because you used to not be able to make much money doing it .
now adays a lot of the top talent is doing mma and it 's no longer merged into the sambo program .
the ana had those blackhawks long before biden came along .
question born of ignorance why do americans have to register to vote ?
where i live once you 're of the right age and get the specific document you are automatically always in the system as in every time there 's an election literally all you need to do is walk to the voting spot and vote .
i hope that somehow someway a fragment of this show continues on
yea that trash franchise has been known to brick alot of consoles .
he does n't start writing it until the total is there either .
you have n't felt pain in these games yet .
2 is gut wrenching 3 you will need a breather my dude .
your submission has been temporarily removed as it 's possibly a repost .
click each submission url or title link in the table below from top to bottom and check if your submission has been posted before .
if you find that none of the submissions match yours then you can reply with ! approve to make your post visible .
if it 's a repost then you can ignore this or delete your post .
notice it 's a bannable offense to falsely approve your post if the table below indicates it is a repost .
if op has falsely approved their post then report it or reply to this comment with ! report and a moderator will look into it .
u/​less-development-856 mon mar 07 2022 at 07:16:10 url https i.imgur.com/sysmqyp.jpg cursed_four years https redd.it/t8jlre 1 deleted 93
u/​bbrandannn wed feb 03 2021 at 12:41:04 url https i.redd.it/qe30b3a7z6f61.jpg cursed_disagreement where i become a hypocrite and lemming which brings questioning to my gender .
oh fuck off go and play something nerds the teachers are trying to get yall 's fat asses to walk
gunnar nelson rolled with and tapped hafthor https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qu69bz3kqmo t=441s https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qu69bz3kqmo t=441s
gunnar is quite an accomplished bjj competitor but he does n't compare to world class grapplers .
if a strongman rolled up to adcc they would get heel hooked in a minute .
and then you end up with a zillion variations of the nickname and never call them by their original name .
bonky came about because my housemate was trying to guess a wordle word lmao
it sounds like a duck with anger management issues trying to direct animals onto a giant boat .
i have no idea what you 're asking here .
i was n't saying it 's something that happens just drinking water throughout the day .
it certainly does happen though to people who take in huge amounts of water in a short period of time .
except metro east is where a lot of the racist white people from stl moved 20 years ago
elon has that authority only in his head and on mars .
things as a group are so easy and amazing when they start but that does not make them good relationship material .
remember the words of eminem you can do anything you set your mind to man
i 'm pretty sure one of mine was less than a pound from tesco and must be at least 6 years old really basic one with the sheet metal side and the rod side .
got one with the big plastic handles and everything as well and that one must still be pre covid .
yeah this season has n't been kind to me either lol
hope you are enjoying the rest of your day ! !
i have just upvoted you can you return on a post or two ?
except you 're not disagreeing with me you 're lying .
all of my list are real saying they are n't is not a difference of opinions it 's a flat out kie .
stay obsessed with me trying to look through everything that does n't affect you and not understanding any of it .
go back to school get help and get a life
good to see you are charging your phone my dude .
i could go my whole life not hearing smoltz speak again
we 're seeing play out in realtime the effects of participation trophies and the reduction of bullying with people entering the workforce never having faced genuine criticism filled to the brim with unearned ego .
if you think this post is funny upvote this comment !
if you think this post is unfunny downvote this comment !
whilst you 're here u/flame_thetrashgod why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/qpbgxd2guu ?
he did n't know about this before but now he overheard keyleth and the de rolos talk about it .
it 's not a big deal but i still find it weird .
especially because it 's not like him and keyleth were close or that he was some highly level guard
i had one with shrimp except they left the shrimp tails on.. all mixed with the batter .
what happened in cases like this was the owner licensee of the intellectual property decided to pull something from their broadcast schedule .
i do n't think he 's a normal human apparently he 's a pedophile and likes abusing his power
shaggy like that 's kinda mean ... . where can i find this scrappy football like im asking for all of my friends
i still felt kinda wired going to bed and i woke up for an hour at 3:30am still with a headache .
still have a slight headache but better than before .
i 've drinking more due to a dry mouth and the headache .
i have n't noticed my heart rate today like i know it 's a little higher than before the dex but compared to yesterday when i was conscious of how high it was it feels almost normal .
also i 'm not as fit as i used to be sedimentary lifestyle so these jumps in heart rate can be really noticeable to me .
plus side is it 's made getting to the gym easier to do haha
i feel like this is gon na be me in some years with my anime stuffies ...
alive is just a euphemism for not dead yet but that can change for anyone at literally any second .
that felt like an explicitly negative and wholly unnecessary thing to point out did n't it ?
you cant see the front half of your car either .
this is a dangerous sub for a father to be in ai n't it
jeremy is the best both at busch and the blues .
i turned wifi off at one point but it made no difference .
it does n't matter how badly you fuck up it matters how quickly you fix it
i do n't think he needs another one to prove off rocker '' status
hey hey now i said he had a really fuckable ass before he switched on the jar jar roleplay 😂
they look like they 're about to go fight jason statham .
mr kadyrov said a month ago after russian forces were driven out of the strategic logistics hub of lyman in eastern ukraine that maj gen lapin should be stripped of his medals and sent to the front with a gun to wash away his shame with blood . ''
it is interesting that they see getting sent to the front as a punishment .
i mean it is but it wo n't boost the morale for those that are at the front or those that risk getting sent there .
probably a sign that the game is going offline in a couple months .
if you 've never ridden a bike with an auto blipper it 's nowhere near the same as what you can do on a regular bike
🥺🖤thank you for adopting him ❤️‍🩹and spending his last few years with him you 'll see him again
well from a guy who is 20 and feels the same way its hard to not think about from time to time .
but what really matters is being ok with being alone and i think that can go a long way .
it 's a lot easier said than done that 's for sure but keeping that mindset where you 're constantly telling yourself you 're forever going to be alone or that nobody will like you gets you nowhere .
on top of realizing that and finding ways to enjoy being alone such as hobbies working discovering new things about yourself these helped me come to terms a lot putting your best foot forward and looking at things in a more positive matter can go a long ways .
and remember you are beautiful you are valid and the way you are feeling about yourself are not .
man i teach and i 'd much rather play ragnarok than grade these math tests .
can rec be considered zombie or do we put that under demon possession ?
if your content breaks any of the rules remove it immediately before a mod permanently bans you .
photos of yourself or someone else are not allowed .
if any of your previous submissions break the rules remove them too .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freekarma4u if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not saying that it could n't be done .
i 'm just saying the tools knowledge and insight do n't exist at the same time to make it happen .
it 's just about being diligent and focusing on those agendas given how time consuming they are .
i have had 3-4 rentals only this season last season i did it a lot more and generally they 're diamonds .
but by doing so would that not be promoting an autocracy instead of a democracy and what if the party they are referring to also has bad policies and intimidation by using fear in different ways ?
oh uh i guess i learned something rollover it is then
im overwhelmed by all these dms i 'm getting .
i 'm trying my best to reply to everyone ☺️
i 'll put it in a chest if i ever find one
i always prefer non-ms phd grads for core eng roles
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
press you against the wall before i drop to my knees
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
if you are a vet with gi bill you can get security paid for .
i do n't drink beer i do n't care about cycling events i like brussels
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=fun_gurl8 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i hope you do n't mind if i ask what does 60/40 mean in this instance ?
yep this is enough hopium and all i needed really .
it 's people like you that move humanity forward with your boldness and vision .
house definitely house because at least we know he 's competent .
that was my favorite store in college and it 's like a curated thrift store geared towards college students/young adults
i did n't think one c would be considered a significant drop i 'd say multiple c 's possibly but i guess it 's a case by case thing
honestly with chetney going berserk x2 and fcg also going nuts i want orym to just absolutely lose it for once .
just have him let out everything since he is so protective of everyone
i think it really saved my breast feeding journey .
my wrists and shoulders were hurting so bad in the early weeks before i tried it pillows were a joke to me .
my daughter and i can make eye contact and snuggle up and be cozy and relaxed !
it happened to me it will go away after they become tougher
for me genshin load times r wayyyy faster than tof .
when you do n't have barely any money for food on the table you sure are n't buying or playing video games .
when i got to the part about the kia i got pissed .
i 'm poor now but if i ever ended up with enough money to buy another car it would absolutely be a kia
noticed this too seems to play a single note in the melody every time she changes speed like beginning to trot sprinting stopping jumping etc .
so ig the issue has n't been addressed to the extent where it has been solved .
ca n't blame anyone you can surely work on yourself tho .
it 's unbalanced but if everywhere were as advanced as the most advanced countries that gdp would be at least 2-3x higher .
😳 like 98 of the surveys never work lol .
in this area the only native wild rabbits are eastern cottontails and new england cottontails .
anytime you see a european rabbit in the wild it is was someone 's pet or a descendent of someone 's pet living that feral life .
right but this is deeply misleading since the election is tuesday .
i 'm finishing my ba in philosophy and this semester i 've been concentrating on the concept of consciousness .
it has aroused my curiosity more than i anticipated and i 'm going to buy this book right now .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm also finally doing well after around 10 years of suffering .
for me it took both meds rinvoq an ileostomy but i am so so thankful for these days off steroids with functionality again .
i wish you tremendous days of wellbeing once off the steroids totally it 's very hard .
i was on them no biologic worked on it 's own before the ileostomy have a severe fistulising case that did n't respond to biologics alone for nearly a decade and it was so hard to get off them finally .
so good to see the improvement and with an accessible biologic as well .
of course we should stop people from commiting suicide .
the older i got the more i realized we are literally denying people the rights to their own existence .
a great word that means so many different things .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/thickthighs r/stripchatcam r/chaturbatecam r/camwhoresofficial r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothiss if you have any questions or concerns .
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
bottom line is you 've lost a game and we have n't .
expanding nato 's geography is what they call nato expansion .
to understand that you should also check google search results .
come on baby you know you like playing with daddy 's toy
always heard do 8k break in period not exceeding 3500rpms and regular fluid changes .
r u interested in ride full grown elephant ride full grown pink cat neon ride wolf and 4 orange butterflies for anything ?
it is much less worse than the kick you are justifying .
if the speech is so harmful that it must be prohibited it 's for the police and judiciary to do not a foreign corporation accountable to nobody .
what did you get for your iphone 14 pro ?
this kind of yarn is sometimes called confetti '' which is a variation of eyelash '' yarn !
i do so bobbing my head as if i was worshiping his cock .
i have very little knowledge on what it means to be autistic so it could start a nice conversation about knowing my date better and trying to adapt so that i do n't send confusing signals and so i can read my date 's signals better .
they are saying it 's true that hillary clinton said that
yeah let 's not just assume she was telling the truth .
this is the usual leftist talking point but it 's not true cops are enforcers of the state property rights are a subset of that .
try smoking a blunt or your illicit drug of choice in front of a cop in a public place separate from private property and see what happens .
i figured this out 3 days ago not just now fyi .
someone else said this too i only have encre noir sport and i have n't smelled the original .
not justifying their shitty design choices but try using some black duct tape around the straps .
it 's a semi permanent solution that worked for me before the webbing keepers .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=individual-public780 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
just think folks the official start of the offseason is just days away so we 'll be seeing even more of this !
people who see this situation as nothing more than keeping a black man down are truly delusional and need help
i hear that they tried eliminating holes i mean ports and the feedback was terrible
free 1 year gift link to hottest onlyfans account on the planet !
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fertilegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i was in a school located in a salt mine with a giant pit in the middle and hallways running along into compartments where the classroom was .
all i remember was people would die and their corpses would fly into the pit .
that office clutter gives me massive anxiety just looking at it .
i did n't realise you could search on the app 😂 cheers for that
i started rereading wolf hall when hilary mantel died .
just finished the first one and moved on to bring up the bodies last night .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
why is everyone happy about this i do n't like pain .
opt out of replies haikusbot opt out '' delete my comment haikusbot delete ''
when i see people in my state who vote for notes i start respecting the people of delhi .
may be they chose wrong but they thought and chose someone .
i had a fiesta with keyless entry the first thing i did was go into the settings menu and disable it .
but now even several years later any mention of her is met with a rush of people complaining about her and it just seems excessive .
since that paper released in 2019 over 5000 new cards have been added .
yeah it 's weird i 've got one stuck in my cart that i ca n't buy !
his name is brendan morgan he 's 31 and he 's a former canadian football league player .
he 's also a yoga champion i had no idea there were yoga contests lol and a professional model .
the only other thing he 's acted in was a tv movie .
you enable telemetry laps in the car setup window in acc before going out of the garage .
and acc records motec data automatically to a file i do n't remember where it records to but you can find on the internet .
everyone here was worried about his mental health and turns out they were not so far off
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigass if you have any questions or concerns .
not to discredit the efforts of britain and her dominions but the us and soviet union would probably be able to handle the axis without the uk .
it would have taken significantly longer with more lose of life but it would be possible .
fdr and stalin got along extremely well so the idea of a ussr and a usa alliance would n't be too out of line .
even if the germans did n't have to guard the atlantic wall their logistical problems in russia may have been worse due to the influx of materials .
provided us industry was able to continue flowing supplies into the soviet union which they 'd be more than willing to do because of japan 's alliance with germany .
germany 's navy would be able to harass the atlantic fleet as necessary or would be able to supplement the japanese navy in the pacific .
britain 's success at sea as well as their decoding of enigma was pivotal .
hence it would be longer with more american casualties but i doubt the axis would be able to overcome the two .
breaking habits and getting your education at the same time .
id take it apart to clean it out i had something a bit similar on mine but not as bad it was pretty grainy
agreed especially the last sentence they are the only deserving winner to me at this point .
it start with the shader compilation or whatever and then goes black screen
my husband is devastated that he has hurt me and swears she meant nothing to him .
he knew she wanted to sleep with when they worked together so she was an easy target .
he has promised that something like this will never happen again and loves me and only wants to be with me .
i can ask him if i can give you his number if you want .
he does n't have any for sale right now .
he is born in britain went to school in winchester studied in oxford and stanford .
his father was born in kenia his mother in tansania .
nah but this is very likely to blow up in your face .
also dear cev remember once you go warden always a warden .
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
yep many of his songs are hard to sing and play guitar at the same time
i have started to go behind the counter 😂 they notice me then
they actively promoted gay relationships between soldiers to strengthen the unity '' of their army so i 'm not sure they 'd use it as a derogatory term .
unless this meme did a double take on us all and does n't mean dying bad '' but rather dying in battle something desirable '' in which case well done op !
memes are not allowed here use r/turkeyjerky for memes .
for non-link posts the link must be added to the comments .
meta discussions posts about other subs are not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/turkey if you have any questions or concerns .
well if he try to do something the ghost will definitely make a move anyway lol
asking if tinctorius and terribilis can hybridise is not a question a highly experienced keeper would ask .
a story from when i was a little kid that i was obsessed with was the talking eggs .
i have my daddy read it to me when i ca n't sleep
before you post have a read through our faq wiki !
https www.reddit.com/r/orthotropics/comments/avz6aj/frequently_asked_questions_read_before_posting as well as the rules in the sidebar .
if your post breaks a rule or repeats a question answered in the faq you may be banned so please read carefully .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/orthotropics if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm fine with most textures and actually seek various textures in food .
tripe is yummy i like my tendon soft melt in your mouth but it should still have that gelatin feeling .
i 'm more picky about when food i like is n't prepared in a way i deem correct and i 'm kind of a snob about how things need to taste and be seasoned just right .
on top of that i also have to be in the mood for said meal because sometimes i ca n't eat anything except the food i 'm hyper focused on at the moment
wait for the dj to shut up before you press record on your tape
i 'm not confused. and i do n't think this conversation is going anywhere .
are you sure you 're not just missing some of the skin textures that are pre-applied in the face presets ?
when i make female characters in fo4 they usually come out looking about 25 max .
removing all age line options and using soft face shapes seems to do it .
i would say your oshi '' but tom scott is n't my oshi .
a vtuber you follow '' is a little wordy but i guess your vtuber '' is n't a good shorthand
hope you do n't get any more weird shit from that guy .
if i play with my maxxed units i usually surrender before the end .
i do like to try things and playthe matches tho but there is no reason to go for the win .
i had situations in which my opponents surrendered so fast that i could n't give the win to them .
if you should come across topkek my ign do n't surrender immediatly if i play bmicci or smol ike at maxxed favour .
however i have no mercy on full meta teams with dthorr bseliph etc .
i think what 's putting me off is the hair
my dead girlfriend conception for three forms of unhappiness at the state of existence
bugbear reach is only on mele attacks on your turn
not going to allow full benefit of pam opportunity attacks
nta i was raised with 3 languages and while i only really use 2 of them regularly i am thankful for all of them .
languages open new doors to opportunities ontop of that its also just cool being able to travel places and communicate with people you otherwise couldnt have .
as for the roughness '' that seems silly german is considered angry by some but personally i find it beautiful given i understand it .
this either means kill more women journalists or kill less male journalists and i do n't know which
i do n't even actually have anything to talk about .
i 'm gon na scrape some more thc carts ... . yea ... if i can go to a cray place and learn something before sunrise ... then i 'll be on track for a really good day
so i was going through my vigilance guardian 's abilities when i noticed something odd .
both of these abilities have the same main purpose which is to give you cc immunity when you use force leap .
robust is more specific in listing out what you 're immune to than war master and gives you immunity to interrupts as well but they both do essentially the same thing right down to the duration .
the only real difference between them is that robust is automatically granted to you at level 51 and war master is a choice on the vigilance ability tree .
since robust 's second effect of granting you dr is more useful than war master 's ability to do something that the class already does through its rotation anyway does this mean that war master is basically redundant ?
or is there something i 'm missing in the wording of the two that makes them different and thus worth taking war master ?
it 's just a matter of status effects in this game being poorly defined and me thinking that 'knockdowns ' are the same as effects that push and pull .
jodhpur car is a jodhpur based taxi service company https jodhpurcar.com which provides cabs and drivers in different cities of rajasthan and in some other parts of india .
along with jodhpur our services are available in jaipur jaisalmer and udaipur and in some other parts of india .
we offer multiple car options for your comfortable journey .
whenever i try to join the wi-fi it tells me incorrect password or unable to join network .
and the off chance that it does let me join it disconnects itself after 3-4 minutes .
i 've hard reset the router and reset my network settings on my phone .
ethernet is the only thing that 's been consistent .
i got it to od on it but now idk .
i 've been playing casually on my own and with friends/family for a little over five years .
all the discs i bag are overstable and i switch between forehand and backhand but rarely turn over discs .
my buddy is the opposite and only throws backhand turning over understable discs as needed .
is this preference or is there a time and a place for each ?
helps greatly mitigate my heel ankle pain that flares up post run .
im looking for a fps where a ninja type character could charge his shurikens in his hand like holding more the more you hold the abilitie .
first i thought it was genji from original overwatch but its not him .
i really wan na try the new ex shanks so can someone who has the ex shanks play tag battle with me ?
i hate stoners with a passion and crack addicts and opioid addicts
edit i ca n't believe people are sticking up for drugs .
i 'm at kamoshida 's palace and i 've killed every enemy can i stick to this without having to grind for the whole game or will i have to grind later on ?
31,696 covid vaccine death claims submitted to cdc 's reporting system since 2020 triple all other vaccines combined over 30 years facts matter https link.theepochtimes.com/mkt_app/31696-covid-vaccine-death-claims-submitted-to-cdcs-reporting-system-since-2020-triple-all-other-vaccines-combined-over-30-years-facts-matter-exclusive_4840549.html ? utm_source=andshare
proof on my profile looking for amp or royale high stuff !
for this i have two general rp 's i want to do one with me being a top and the other with me being a service top .
so i 'm specifically looking for subs and powerbottoms interested in having a hung anthro to rp with .
sub we could be roommates you being shy and needy and me being a buff jock .
i make it my goal to be as big of a bully and turn you into nothing more than my slutty cumdump .
powerbottom we could be boyfriends or husbands and for awhile i 've been the top but one day i bring up the idea of spicing things up .
soon what starts as a one time thing having me turning into a full time bondage slave .
my kinks are domination humiliation hair pulling chastity sweat musk bullying lots of cum/cumplay cum inflation facials edging public/semi-public sex exaggerated cock sizes around 20-24 '' preferred !
big fat churning balls i love anything and everything having to do with balls especially near-cartoonish descriptions of them while they dump a load with any sort of markings runes tattoos or paintjobs cum-only diets sloppy oral body oil/oiled sex lingerie grinding/hotdogging groping light sweat/musk deepthroating or long deepthroat sessions bdsm filming/exhibitionism feetplay
i 'm just gon na cut to the chase here .
i am in serious need of a binder because the dysphoria is so bad but i 'm completely broke and my parents ca n't know .
i 'm over 13 but my chest is n't done growing and i 'm worried about it getting small and becoming damaging .
can i make something out of my old sports bras or something or is there somewhere i can get a donated one mailed to my friend 's house ?
if so did the discoloration fade over time or has it become permanent ?
it had it once about 15 years ago on my stomach .
but i fear i may have overdone it this time on my lower back .
any advice or suggestions to help the scarring dissipate ?
why only make stones for the hp def atk and spd stats ?
so i have a 11 ' x 15 ' room with 5 645w led and am wondering what is the best bet for ac ?
mini split is not an option as i 'm here temporarily and currently running a single hose portable ac and that 's a no go for obvious reasons .
after research i 'm stuck between either a dual hose portable or a window unit .
my room is located on the 3rd floor over my balcony so will i need to put a bucket down for condensation dripping from the window unit or do they have newer units to evaporate the condensation ?
is a dual hose doable as far as truly cooling a 5 light led grow to say 75 at 100 power ?
looking at a 14,000 btu dual hose portable 9,000 sacc but figured a window unit would be more efficient ?
does anyone else have a problem with their navdy app crashing ?
it opens and i can put in the address where i want to go then it crashes .
the same thing is happening with my sons navdy .
i really enjoyed this episode and the ending however is there a plot hole regarding how bryce died ?
he suddenly died in the same manner like the janitor and his body just vanished .
if he would have died there there should have been a corpse .
the only explanation why he died this way would be if he was already dead at this point but then it 's not explained how he could still communicate with other people or why he showed up at the end again .
atlantic slave trade https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantic_slave_trade and abolitionism https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abolitionism gain momentum over europe and the americas as bans began to be enacted in countries such as denmark-norway https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denmark-norway 1803 the united kingdom https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom 1807 and union states of the united states 1808 in the subsequent decade following movements and upheavals of awareness at this period now-iconic peking opera https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peking_opera was conceived after the four great anhui troupes https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hui_opera were brought into the dynasty capital to perform in beijing sometime in 1790 the metric system https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metric_system is formally adopted for the first time in france after receiving recommendation from its commission of weights and measures .
this set the metric system as a global default of measures and trail-blazed its universal acceptance as the standard of measures outpacing the imperial system in the process smallpox vaccine https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smallpox_vaccine was created in 1796 by british doctor edward jenner a patent that would unknowingly lead to the eradication of smallpox https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eradication_of_smallpox directly contributing to the world 's first and only successful disease eradication campaign the united states ' very first contested presidential elections https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1796_united_states_presidential_election took place in 1796 who was eventually won over by john adams the cotton gin https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cotton_gin was first formally patented and came into industrial use in 1793 by american eli whitney https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eli_whitney .
the modernized version of the engine paved way for much of the industrial revolution and enabled the textile industry to evolve and flourish more due to its ability to separate cotton french revolutionary wars https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_revolutionary_wars broke out and culminated at this decade where events such as the reign of terror https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reign_of_terror pictured and the establishment of the french first republic https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_first_republic set off frenzied politics birthing the idea of modern-day political spectrum https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_spectrum in the process lithography https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithography was invented revolutionising print https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/printing methods and increasing pragmatism over information processing .
so i 'm selling my old pokemon collection and i 've been choosing free shipping for all my listed cards that are under 50 but i forgot to switch that off as i posted a 300 card ...
now i 've never actually shipped anything through mercari without using their shipping qr code method .
so first off i 'd love a brief explanation of how to even do it because mercari requires a tracking number and stamps do n't have trackers .
i was told by a few customers to just use an old or current tracking number from a different sale .
would n't i have to trust them not to report that ?
they also mentioned that i should n't do that with any new accounts or accounts with bad reviews .
so any tips would be greatly appreciated because i 'm a bit worried about free shipping .
not only for the 300 shipment but i have sell a lot of cards around/under 10 so it would n't make sense to charge 3.79 for those cards .
i love the app and the people are awesome besides mercari support they are literally just a bunch of bots .
i 'm currently writing a romance that ends with the characters leaving one another .
right now i 've started their relationship and after having them confess their feelings last chapter i 've done a five month time jump .
currently they 're on a beach the same beach shirin was on at the beginning of the book just generally stewing and being sad lol .
i wrote this but i 'm wondering if the bringing up of finiteness '' sounds like i 'm being fake deep '' y'know ?
if you do provide feedback i 'd like to quickly say thank you for taking the time anyways here
then she breathed in a big sigh her hands falling over my arms .
the last time i went here was n't pleasant . ''
she shook her head her fingers digging deeper into my arms .
ace had just-i had just broken up with him .
and this felt like the perfect place to be lonely .
it was september it was cold so fucking freezing yet i went to the shoreline daily .
i 'd stay here for hours at a time the beach was empty .
i could see the horizon where the world ended and curved away from me .
i 'd just stand and just ... soak in the idea that things had to end .
my relationship with ace ... the loneliness i was feeling .
if the ocean and horizon could end what chance does anything else have ?
of course she was n't speaking about us she was n't not directly .
so unproblematic with her easy smile and wild grin with the sand beneath our feet and my arms around her waist .
with her lips suddenly against mine tasting of the sea and the desperation that was lit aflame by the once-forgotten loneliness which now did n't feel so long ago .
here is the link xiaomi fengmi 4k cinema pro laser projector 3/64gb eu https www.banggood.com/english-version-fengmi-4k-cinema-pro-iaser-projector-2400-ansi-lumens-3gb-64gb-300-inch-alpd-4k-bt4_0-new-fengmi-os-projector-formovie-p-1681990.html ? cur_warehouse=cz p=h320105094792201606n
of course if you want current coupons and e-mail price alerts for xiaomi fengmi 4k cinema pro laser projector 3/64gb then you can just go to the couponsfromchina product page .
have all of the wooden floors always been low fire resistance or did that happen in a recent patch ?
i know some of the eco wooden floors were low fire resistance but even my base game wooden floors are listed as low fire resistance .
just realized it 's the cause of all my recent fires .
my work is all done online and i get rated by customers afterwards .
about 10 days ago i had a customer who unreasonably complained and gave me a low rating .
i talked to my supervisor and she was understanding and removed the rating .
however i 've been afraid of getting another customer like her and feeling nervous about it ever since .
i 've received 5 out of 5 85-90 percent of the time and the rest is 4 out of 5 yet i feel like this .
i know she 's such a minority but her complaint was so shocking to me i proofread assignments .
i made too many corrections and she found it offensive although there was no rude feedback or anything like that .
after the nerf is it ok to use bloodhound step in pvp and it is balance now or it is still too
i have 2 lvl 900 dinos opposite gender and when i breed them the baby comes out a higher or sometimes lower level i would greatly appreciate a solution .
so i 've 27f had this crappy situation happen to me .
we 've been on 2 dates and a party hookup .
he 29m has recently told me he was busy with a trip but we should meet next week after i proposed to meet today .
however his replies are so dry and he takes 12-24h to reply .
it 's always me initiating and suggesting things when at first it was him .
he 's absolutely doing the slow fade but i wonder if he 's just like that .
he told me i was the first girl he met from hinge but he recently changed his location there .
he seemed so nice on the first date too .
on the second he was kinda meh after sex so i asked if he just wanted a hookup which i 'd be fine with but he said no he wanted more .
on our third hookup he said while drunk he knew he was gon na end up falling in love with me and i softly chuckled but never answered or seemed needy .
however now he 's not answering and the hinge thing ... we never agreed on being exclusive but come on it 's kinda implied after that connection .
he even introduced me to his best friends and they loved me .
i 've had to double text before and he 's left me on read too .
when i brought it up he told me he barely checks his phone but he had time to check on my instagram stories ...
as soon as i send what could in a very twisted way be interpreted as a conversation ender '' he wo n't reply anymore .
i 'll wait in case he decides to plan another date but i 'm getting three vibes from him and neither are good .
a he 's doing the slow fade because he found another girl to hook up with and is keeping me on the back burner .
b he 's playing the game '' as per suggested by my male friend to try and make me fall for him with mind games for an ego boost .
this would kinda make sense because he seemed too intense in person and i had to stop him i did n't want him to meet my friends just yet and i told him i had other dates that i cancelled .
c he 's just stupid and oblivious to the fact i 'd love to date him happened to my sister once and thinks since i have other dates planned he should too .
yet my heart has already been opened by the sweet words no one has ever said those things to me which is a big deal and the sweet face first guy i 'm truly into physically .
and deep down i kinda hope he has a good excuse and will be back this week like he said .
everyone is desperate to move away from home at some point .
no matter how close the relationship with your parents how much you value their opinion there 'll come a point where you need to get the everloving fuck away from them .
i was lucky i pretty much hit that point a week before i was due to leave for university .
do n't get me wrong i have great parents lovely people but oh my god i would 've went crazy if i did n't leave them .
but as you might expect nothing lasts forever and sometimes we lose some progress .
for a year or two after graduation things were going well .
i was able to find a job in my field in a city i liked i was n't struggling for cash and then things went ...
when your job is the only one of its kind in your city it 's bad when the owners all die in the same weekend .
without any real income i did n't have too much of an option for what to do i could 've stayed out there for a few months and burn through my savings or i could move somewhere i knew had work in my field and i 'd have easy accommodation .
my mum was thrilled to have me back a touch sad for what happened of course but otherwise happy to let me stay at home .
and honestly it is n't as bad as i remembered .
my old room has been remade to be a bit cozier though half of my stuff is currently in a storage locker and mum mostly recognises i need my space now .
plus i 'm going over to visit my neighbour mrs x that 's you silly which sounds like a good time .
hello there and thank you for taking the time to read this !
i 'll get right to what i 'm looking for .
i 'm playing the role of someone i have n't named yet a university graduate who 's had to move home after work fell through and i 'm looking for someone to play as my neighbour a woman i always admired and may have had a massive crush on growing up .
beyond that your role is largely up for you to make !
i do n't mind if you 're single or married i 'm happy to indulge in some adultery whether you 're working whether you 're relatively young or closer to a gilf than a milf ...
honestly the one thing i care about is that you happen to be packing an absolutely fantastic cock !
it could be reasonably large by human standards or it could make a horse think it 's overkill both in size and shape .
i 'm looking to keep this somewhat medium term not something that 'll be just smut but ... well .
i like a 70/30 60/40 mixture of smut/story in my writing .
here 's my kink list https i.imgur.com/lifhtnh.png and i communicate only through pms .
anyone who uses reddit chat asks for kik anything like that is getting entirely ignored .
i 'm comfortable with writing in either first or third person and i 'm in the uk for timezone ... . stuff .
everything else i 'm happy to talk about in pms !
i say may because this song is feeling more and more like a fever dream that i made up .
i ca n't for the life of me find it .
if the song is actually real here is what remember about it
i write techno in quotation marks because i 'm not that familiar with how you classify electronic music .
i think techno is fitting because it 's just a very simple electronic sounding song .
the lyrics i remember most vividly is the repeating of the phrase in the city in the chorus .
i believe this phrase was sometimes followed by lost my soul/hope .
also the cover picture for the song i listened to it on spotify but also remember finding it on youtube is a white background with a drawing of an old school computer i think with some red in the picture as well .
im in us im looking for a non us honedge for masuda breeding .
a place for members of r/findom_financial to chat with each other
so i started learning rust around two months ago and i thought that writing a cli to make aliases depending on the shell you 're using is a good idea how can i make this code better ?
marshadow is literally the only thing i 'm missing from my living dex in home and after trying everyday this week i 've been hit with i 'm not sure we 're doing any kind of event we do n't have it and i think they were lost or did n't ship or something .
naturally i 'm a little bummed bc it 's the only thing i 'm missing and i feel like it might be a while before it gets distributed again .
if i got refresh will it be new heroes or the same ones ?
i 'm not that interested in the ones there so just wondering
very new to the market and selling a new build apartment in downtown .
the agent is asking for exclusive access to the listing with a 3 commission and bonus .
i love this pirate system no matter where you stop s class ships show up .
i 'm getting a lot of starship expansion modules .
looking for cost effective monthly fee with flexible timings .
best ways to watch 2022 boxing live streams online free
does it count if you cum in your sleep ?
his hydro application is incredibly valuable for ensuring yanfei can hit consistent vapes while contributing significant damage from his own rainswords as well .
yelan is a great alternative if you have her as well .
kokomi/mona/barbara can sort of work but in this instance their hydro application makes vaping with yanfei a lot more clunky or inconsistent .
i ca n't even tell this story to anyone who knows me because i 'm ashamed of my behavior .
i know my behavior is odd i am a neurodivergent old lady .
however dco is what i 've been doing nearly my entire usaf career .
its not going to get the recognition you think it deserves outside of people that already like that sort of music .
that said its one of my favourite albums of all time .
i 've managed to keep my apartment i live with my dad hubby and our two boys clean for almost a month .
it 's honestly the longest it 's been clean i 've been doing little bits of improving most days and been keeping up with the basic cleaning as well .
i just started effexor and it seems to be helping a lot !
new orleans has a dangerous and violent history and is still bad today .
that being said you will be fine just use common sense .
the ori are ascended and have the power to simply wash away any nuisance that appears in their galaxy .
at the time of the mission we have no idea if the sangraal worked so have to assume the ori are still there .
not a collective that would need to agree to use their powers to just destroy the replicators but adria alone .
the only thing that plan was a threat to was the odyssey and sg1 .
both of which were vital resources needed for earth 's continuing survival .
to be clear i do n't mean he 's a bitch in that he 's easy .
i like that you set it up to do both samurai and cowboy shit .
if bv does n't bring out booty in the second half then he is booty .
basically it seems like it 's a 64 bill/month for an 8k system .05/kwh on your own production .06 is the credit you get for sending to the grid .
are you automatically assuming good faith of most dms or do you really think that it 's just a matter of dm 's table dm 's rules '' full stop ?
u/infinity_vr can u qc these the heel looks weird or is it just angel of camera
that shit does n't deserve to be called secondary .
they actually used to set us up with sports and videogames in one of the youth groups i went to .
they would wear us out with basketball and ratchet and clank until 10pm then indoctrinate us with christianity right after because we were tired and less likely to dick around .
i went for the free food and so my friend would n't be alone .
i honestly ca n't remember anything they said just pizza which was exciting as a poor kid .
i do n't think we ever did n't have a football game .
correction which system gets to be blown up with their carriers .
now you 're saying your turkey is n't flavorless .
i do n't care how you like '' your turkey i am saying turkey is n't inherently bland and if yours is you 're cooking it badly .
i 've got probably ... 10 sets of kraken dice now over the years .
the reason why i like them is probably because i bought one of my first sets from them and i was impressed with their service fast shipping extras they 'd include in my package .
i picked up four 12-count raw sets unpolished and not inked for 8 each .
they usually have really good black friday deals at the end of november.
i like to go through etsy when i 'm looking for a themed unique set for a pc .
edit yikes ... did n't know any of this history about kraken .
accommodation threads should be posted in the weekly common room thread .
we also have plenty of advice about staying in hostels on our r/solotravel wiki https www.reddit.com/r/solotravel/wiki/hostels .
i think you 'd benefit from re-reading the whole thread starting from the comment you replied to .
you 're like voraciously defending walking without giving any of your own context at all initially it 's like it was a personal affront to you .
genuinely think fortress is one of the worst maps i 've ever played on cod whoever okay 'd that map for release has never played an fps in their life .
farm is pretty fun though and the border checkpoint map will aways be fun for the grenades off spawn chaos .
as a straight white man me and my dueldisk will be waiting
both groups and i kind of booked it out of the theater to avoid crowds .
i did n't hear any overwhelming screams on the walk to the cars though so i 'm going to assume no ?
your post was removed because either your reddit account is too new or you do n't meet the minimum karma threshold or both .
we require a minimum account***-age and total karma post and comment that you do not meet .
messaging mods for the minimums will result in an immediate 30-day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchatdirtysext if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's why you do n't have a down payment for a home ... .
my mom does lasagna for christmas dinner every year to avoid another traditional turkey dinner so soon after thanksgiving
this is not a twins problem your having by the wording of the post it 's a problem with playing killer in general .
if your getting outplayed or struggling at good loops try playing surv for a bit or peeping some guides or streams of someone playing killer to learn to loop better for the most part when your not as victor your just functioning as a basic m1 killer so it 's important to still know how to loop .
my brother in christ do you always just repeat the garbage meme phrases you hear on twitter or do you have a personality of your own somewhere in there ?
we just passed a huge climate bill in the states capital letters make it clearer i guess ? .
it 's not perfect it could be better we 're taking steps .
things might be too far gone maybe not but it 's not like we 're sitting with our thumbs in our asses .
but more importantly caps for emphasis again yelling at people on reddit and making snide comments about pedantry is n't doing any of it .
i 'm a software engineer i make chips that go in a lot of this technology .
what the fuck are you doing my brother in christ ?
lily seems to trust tanner entirely as her tail wags a little
i 'm sorry i should have specified i did n't think it was the normal kind of ear infection .
i 've had several of those as an adult and they 've never been like this .
the doctors at urgent care did n't seem interested in the black stuff or pus so i did n't question it .
i did n't even know about fungal ear infections .
2 year olds do n't know not to trust people .
a reminder of the rules for posting and commenting on our sub
this sub is strictly platonic and sfw any users after anything romantic or sexual will be banned this includes users that interact with nsfw subs .
state your age if you are a minor or if you are commenting on a minors post adult users who try to interact with minors will be banned .
if you are a minor and an adult reaches out to you in dms please contact the mods through modmail on the main r/friendship page .
no advertising for any kind of good or services include discord server links
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendship if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a chocolate addict so the brownie is definitely my choice .
anti-trust enforcement for steam but not amazon apple microsoft meta isps uber tesla banks real estate firms etc .
i believe you 're supposed to block out personal information on this subreddit
take off the justified '' spacing on the skills list
it would be better to show how you used your hard skills in context rather than listing them
i got in a lot of trouble when i got home !
do pending due to suddenly increased network acticity transactions on ethereum go through '' after the network activity settles down and the gwei price gets below the initially submitted gas costs for this transaction ?
movies are either rated entirely too high or entirely too low .
does n't make sense when comparing other reviews and turnout .
no trigger guard is a definite pass for me but i also generally think unlockable and unconcealable in car set ups are not the smartest choice .
as much as we all like to think we would never forget our gun in the car it will eventually happen .
that 's how guns get in the wrong hands .
easier to rescue one of those with a machete kukri or kris blade tbh .
ghazghkull vs angron the world eaters and a fuck ton of khornate daemons sounds so fucking good i wish it were something we could see just for the pure violence and carnage .
if josh heupel does n't pick up the pace this is gon na be a 5-hour long ass-whooping
as i remember it 's basically the 2 immature strategies of being funny i 'm so random '' and i 'm so offensive '' collapsed into one .
i think you 're supposed to grow out of it
interesting it was pretty aggressively righteous in the stream .
how did yours differ and how did it affect the world ?
i was thinking of how in the stream lucrecia convinced it to re-ignite as radiant after it rebelled against some of pluto 's actions .
you have no idea what you 're talking about 😂 your opinion does not equal fact .
stop giving your uneducated opinion on things like this dude .
here are some articles if you even care to educate yourself .
do more research than these articles too since you want to be so stubborn and ignorant .
could you not find the dictionary or did you find out what spying meant finally ?
kokichi x kirumi celeste x hifumi or leon x ibuki
santa rosa is only for domestic flights and it 's typically only for west coast arizona alaska and hawaii as alaska air is their primary airline i believe .
i fly pdx to sts santa rosa whenever i visit back home
i ca n't bring myself to kill them coz they 're bees but i want to sleep in my bed tonight as well
make the game like 33 quicker and it would be more enjoyable .
i am used to hoi4 though where i can get halfway through a campaign in like 2 hours on 5x speed .
i 'm listening to the scanner and its just constant tree/line down/fire/mva calls all related to the storm out here in the valley
it 's been a while for me but you can check this out https youtu.be/krene05wv1m ? t=3865
arsenal fan and it sucks but of course he is .
hey mate is it easy to swap the forearms out as i 'm making my first ever custom 1/6 figure which is the tim bradstreet style punisher .
the at020 is the body i 'm going with as it 's super posable but i 'm scared to buy the forearms as they might be a struggle to pop on which suck since that would complete my looks
i 'm sitting on the toilet trying not to wake my wife up with my laughter .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
why do you think the man in black was making fun of him .
what was it that he understood but roland did n't ?
well our team won the game and he was n't even top of the board .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kuwtksnark if you have any questions or concerns .
but riot does n't remove champs i 'll take 20 winrate yuumi until they completely rework her .
like the dems are n't trying every trick in the book to sway elections while republicans try to maintain some kind of electoral integrity .
keraunos killer slowed reverb by jay s 00:27 matched 100
do you feel a difference between the two mousepads ?
i 've cosidered geting the hein but i 've hear the saturn pro was similar in feel .
it 's flat but the size of a pencil eraser .
i have to go to the dermatologist anyway but just wondering what people think
you do not have the required minimum amount of comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funwithfriends if you have any questions or concerns .
i went solo with cheap load out and a hand full of dynamite and threw one at every meathead i see until i got shot for making to much noises .
it 's only 5 i did it in 2 rounds
keraunos killer slowed reverb by jay s https lis.tn/xwgcz ? t=27
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically github https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot new issue https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot/issues/new donate https github.com/auddmusic/redditbot/wiki/please-consider-donating please consider supporting me on patreon or giving a star on github .
i 'd love to see you standing like that in front of me .
i know this is out of your control ... but if it 's your first time writing an epr you should just write performance statements .
that 's where we 're headed it 's already transitioning and we 'll sure as shit be away from bullets by next year .
no reason learning a terrible and difficult skill for one and your first rating cycle .
look at afpcs recent guidance on performance statements and do your damndest to write all of your lines in that style .
let your flight chief or sel who 've been raised with bullets convert the statements to jargon .
if you come back saying i got x performance statements but never written bullets and need help '' ... i really really doubt they 'll have problems .
for me a msgt it would honestly be a relief because those 2-liners will be more substantive .
friends hey what are you up to this weekend ?
friends ... ... .. well thats sucks see you later .
if you what doing decent dmg with musket you need 300 dex and 150int which leave you with 50 con .
the best weapon to synergize with your stats is rapier .
otherwise hatchet for utility only with bezerk and social distancing throw
i saw some sns musket before the leap strike 'erf but now not anymore
spear for cc combine with trap but you do n't be have much escape capability and probably need more than 50 con
gs you will need lots of con that make you musket hit like a wet noddle
i felt like the monetization was n't oppressive and awful either .
i may be remembering fondly through rose colored glasses but i think i did what i usually do with games like that got a subscription to support the game and never felt strong armed into anything more .
i got to play most of the characters i wanted to play and unlocked some i did n't have much familiarity with but ended up having fun playing .
what 's the benefit of judge 's familiar outside of budget ?
i do think it might be too specific if their fnm meta is varied enough .
yeah suck it imaginary probably a result of my pill overdose rightoid
i roll around with the duck feet pumpkin head combat mittens and goat suit and power stance great stars with bleed affinity
please make sure that your post follows the sub 's rules found here https www.reddit.com/r/fatpussyinpanties/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fatpussyinpanties if you have any questions or concerns .
we definitely did not take their data or materials as its outdated .
sad i 'm glad he 's finding success in the west though especially recently with never have i ever .
i know so many people who refer to him as devi 's hot dad”😂
by photo shoot 2 i knew he was n't the one
the us is skewed so right that we lose our sense of where the spectrum extends .
bernie would be center left in most developed countries .
when i think far left i think literal central economic planning and top down cultural change from tradition .
outside of maybe the anarchist movement in the early 1900s the us has n't seen much far left politics .
😂😂 i did n't mean to post this 😭 i posted a new one .
i mentioned it would probably be death ... that 's not exactly simple
update hahahahaha yeah i made it 5 hrs suicidal but why faggot
janeway 's mug but the one from the alternate future that 's all dinged up and in the museum
i like to sit a lot and standing fast can make me dizzy side hug is much more appreciated .
less awkward than leaned over me and they can get both arms around easy if they crouch a bit .
since the rock wwe has moved into the mentality of nobody is bigger than the brand . ''
and considering what happened with cm punk in aew i ca n't say i blame them for thinking this way .
i do n't know how to feel about this .
as in 7 years after the report first detailed the abuses those children faced under their control ?
and also notably the vatican has chosen not to release the school records that they have in their possession .
as the indigenous people stated it was a scripted apology .
they only said sorry because they knew they had to instead of doing it because they wanted to .
it does indeed but then we would n't appreciate it as much
ok what 's with all the orym slander in here .
every group needs a straight man pun kind of intended .
campaign 3 is full of super whacky characters and orym feels like a regular real dude which to me is a breath of fresh air .
he 's not super flashy or anything but that 's why i like him .
i feel like so much of the hate orym gets is basically just the har har human or half fighter boooring idea that i thought the dnd community was over by now .
would you consider travelling for a hook up/club night experience ?
this proves that she knows exactly how fucked up it is
i use super glue for stuff like that ... they make liquid skin but it 's far more expensive and pretty much the same thing .
i had a 1/2 cut rip to about 3 in one weights session .
i had 3 butterfly bandages on it but they did n't make a lick of difference .
nah they did n't they did one for the first 10 then added for shockrock slapback hummoungasaur and rath .
then later they did new one where each alien race came in contact with each other .
racism is basically illegal in germany and not at all prevalent unless you count the about 3 of the population who do n't like illegal immigrants flooding in lol
all we know is that it will be one of the many final updates
so what you 're saying is the jews do n't know either .
stadium arcadium is pretty expensive and hard to get too i still really enjoy the josh albums honestly .
you realize ... .entering the turn over 59 hp does n't activate revive right ?
apparently the pain and suffering they endure as part of this 'f2p games ' is mark of honor
that first part is debatable yes he was stumped which could have limited his force potential but also the pain of the memory and the pain of his suit was so much that was in a constant state of pain/anger/hate which arguably allowed him to channel the force much more through the dark side .
bhoi is a man with a golden d*ck ... sorry heart
england doing this just so australia think they have a chance 🤣🤣🤣
i have a hiatal hernia and had emergency gallbladder removal in january of this year .
i think it did cause some worsening of symptoms .
but i 'm not 100 normal in terms of heartburn and reflux after removal .
if you guys wait and do n't get off do you shoot more and further ?
if i had a penis i would totally experiment with that
hello not a medical professional but these ecgs look perfectly normal to me i think i can see a pvc in the beginning of the second pic .
they are extra beats of your heart coming from the ventricles .
almost always perfectly harmless but they could create a feeling of skipped beats and anxiety and very rarely could point to something more serious so i recommend getting checked by a cardiologist once .
by the way if you are feeling a skipped beat they are almost always pvcs or pacs .
it may not be possible to record them with a ecg if they are rare .
best to get a holter monitoring to know your burden .
yeah i 've heard the same and will likely run in to the same issue unless 2nd playthrough is quicker !
it 's actually not that wonky once you get past the initial turret stuff which is pretty much the same hurdle zyra players have to deal with .
zyra will generally be better purely because people commit less in lower elos so her better poke wins out .
the existing audio books are read by peter k brilliantly .
i had 3 older brothers and this was not my reality .
they 'd have either lured me on to the road or just walked by me like i was n't there !
i 've not long started the blackwell series of games about a detective on the orher side and it 's giving me the vibes you 're looking for
oh for sure man definitely knows what he 's doing .
but that implement is a marvel in of itself .
whats more degrading than having your gf fucked in front of you .
and not only does she not stop but she enjoys it
i wish doom was alive to rap on science class that beat sounds straight outta madvillainy
this would have been much closer if not for this ridiculous batdeep
mo has his own star appeal due to being mr kyle richards .
the daughters are both beautiful and likeable in their own ways .
and after the success of ss netflix would have been frothing for this opportunity .
i forgot but it 's easy to find on the brazzers website .
i constantly get teased/laughed at for watching bls or any foreign language films in their original language no dubs .
i am particularly partial to bls and have no mutuals who watch .
i can discuss my opinions freely with those who love bls as much as i do .
same here ... next to grey lynn park still going ... has a sense of occasion ... like it .
it really depends on where in the world you are the culture of the company and who your manager is .
if you disclosed in the interview got the job and have a manager that 's alright you 'll be fine it 's not recommended in a lot of cases but obviously your interview panel were impressed by you and had a balanced view .
i 've disclosed mental health problems with every job as i need adjustments to work effectively never been out of work for long and successfully promoted within my current organisation .
the interviewers probably have n't told anybody in the organisation so it 's up to you whether you want to bring it up to your manager .
i 'd say get to know them first and maybe mention that you know someone who is neurodiverse to gauge their reaction and test the waters .
a good manager will proactively support you a bad one will work against you and an ineffective one will ignore the info .
and 120 for these is crazy im not paying more then 30
its actually higher 3.7 billion the 2.2 billion was an outdated forecast .
what i am putting time and effort in is to encourage people to dig a little deeper rather than rely on inadequate data from the internet .
once you do that then you really know where our gaping holes are in our tax system is including by corporations .
till then you 're just waving your fists at the clouds .
by all means you do n't have to do it ... just do n't expect to come up with any solutions because you did n't bother to look into the problem .
your post was removed because the title is to short .
give more detail in the post or its a question add where how .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kuwait if you have any questions or concerns .
if you do n't want to use the dcs dtc tool gachatar linked you can also just manually set up your mfds on the ground by going into whichever master mode you want to configure and setting up your displays as desired while you 're still on the ground .
that 's just for the viper though no clue if the hornet does it the same way or not .
but do note na if you have dry lips moisturizing is still a must
to avoid all cosmetic hazzles it 's far better to go natural .
your kitchen cabinet has more ingredients that can do wonders to you .
if you do the items inside the frame are dumped in your inventory .
are we suggesting that an abortion at 36 weeks is going to be okay ?
your comment would 've been better not under mines .
i have a serious health condition and fish will kill me .
that 's debatable because jesus said he came to reinforce the old laws .
you may think it nullifies the pork eating part but that 's just your opinion .
the jpegs that get created when you transfer the pictures to your phone already have several settings like sharpening applied .
you need to apply those settings to your photos manually to get the same result .
if you only need the processed files for now shoot jpeg+raw .
maybe in the future when you are more advanced you are happy for those raw files .
a promotion would increase my salary by 15 and all i 'd have to do is double my workload and deal with company politics .
oui ne serait ce qu avec l érosion monétaire sur une décade on est gagnant de toute façon sans même parler de hausse du cours du silver .
la vie est très courte faut essayer de se faire plaisir malgré les aléas .
perhaps it 's a matter of preparation or where they grow then .
1 that says nothing about working 4 hours a week .
they actually say i got some work done '' multiple times in the video
2 lots of people are making til tok videos of tech companies about all the crazy work environment shit they have .
most videos claiming they did n't get anything done and just played games all day are tongue in cheek .
because they want to make it look like they 're doing something .
fuckin ' rare replay with the fookin ' remaster with online play and no framerate drop and we do n't have to leave our houses .
i think this is better than was expected for this persons living condition
not gon na lie aside from graphics and minor gameplay improvements i 'm sooooo disappointed with mw2 and it feels somehow as shitty as vanguard 's multiplayer .
ssbm is terrible maps are soooo shitty and so sniper friendly perks system is such a downgrade new weapons system also sucks .
i 'm furious about it tbh i know it will improve but i 'm sick of having broken games at release and having to wait for fixes
2 it 's really how i feel about it and i 've been playing multiplayer since call of duty 2
honestly i do n't eat lasagna with anything other than bread and a salad .
i could n't possibly add all my thanksgiving sides to a lasanga .
it was n't close to this bad last year lol .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
because objectification and fetishisation are n't always sexualised but sexualisation involves both .
i bet she flirts '' with them and is inappropriate with them too because it 's okay he 's gay who cares ?
her gays are proxies for women friends not people in their own right .
because she ca n't maintain female friendships these men are relegated to one of the girls '' superficial relationships prefaced on the stereotype of gay men as entertainers and cheerleaders for everyone else .
they 're her gay best friends '' not my friends '' .
in my language we use the ' ' to insult something or someone .
i 'm sure people speaking different languages do that as well .
my brother built a large spinning track i 'll ask him what he did .
imagine if cei was worth just 2 or 3 billion after the merger and just a nice contract !
i think it is largely possible and even maybe in the next few months .
tbh i was not expecting such a disaster from dk .
now i get why saba was not happy before marriage .
i guess the only thing saba is looking forward to is getting married .
do n't like saba either but feeling bad for her today .
she waited 7 years for this special day and now her outfits are complete disasters
iirc œ is sort of a diphtong ö is one sound
i 'll just make sure your wet all day so a big buck comes along to shoot them we can have celebratory anal
there 's even a third party archetype called gunmetal mystic .
i think most people make the mistake of getting anchored to happy island as a starting trailhead and try and do the pure jmt .
which dramatically reduces their probability of obtaining a permit .
if you want to hike southbound just get any southbound trailhead you can in the lottery .
i suppose we 'll have to agree to disagree there take out botman bruno and isak who were all almost certainly unattainable without the takeover and you 're left with 5 players trippier burn wood targett pope who cost a combined £70m across 2 windows .
that number of players for that cost was comfortably achievable for almost every club in the division .
as for trippier there were quite a few reports at the time that was desperate to come back to england so it 's entirely feasible that he could have joined everton or villa instead had they acted quicker .
i wo n't kid myself that he would have joined us under ashley or steve bruce but he would have been attainable under a 'normal ' ownership .
never played any resident evil so it 's on the list !
he 's lucky i would never do anything like that .
i definitely think he realized he let this get too close to home .
most of his aps have been hookup as at random hotels and i do n't know if he even shared his full name .
i guess he must be worried even though he wo n't admit it .
he would not want to risk ghosting someone like that .
the honest truth is i would never ever do anything crazy .
i would cry and feel like an idiot but i would never hurt him or his family .
i take complete responsibility for falling for him and being in this .
i guess you have n't played against any skyes above gold then ...
sorry that you 're seeing cricket articles/posts on a cricket subreddit .
it 's the same sport and it takes seconds to realise it 's women 's cricket not men 's .
the sport being played by women does n't make it click bait '' what a shitty thing to say .
what i meant with this was people that are in denial about their eating disorder or people who do n't have eating disorders but are just unaware of how much they actually eat compared to what is realistic for them to maintain a healthy weight .
no that 's not the same logic voice lines in every language and such stuff takes way more than spiral abyss .
and there are and will come way more limited events compared to a permanent content .
china emits twice the amount of greenhouse gases as the us .
absolutely concerned with tamu given how god awful billy 's defensive staff is
karma is a word meaning the result of a person 's actions as well as the actions themselves .
it is a term about the cycle of cause and effect .
according to the theory of karma what happens to a person happens because they caused it with their actions .
if you enjoy pregnancy that 's not a good show to watch
great pics i ca n't wait to see what you 've got another 5 momths from now .
but but but one of those guys had the job title of nft researcher
but what really jumped out was what you mentioned in one of her first hoover attempts .
there were moments where i thought we might really be connecting or really making a breakthrough during her hoovers we have 3 kids so i was willing to put up with a lot for even a chance of keeping the family together .
like a bad actor who was great at reading scripts but terrible at showing real emotion .
one thing i forgot about until now but really jumped out was her saying she wanted me to scream at her all the terrible things i felt inside because i would feel better if i did .
and either she meant it because it makes her feel better when she does it which hurts if i true .
or it was just more ammo for future attacks .
i now believe whole heartedly it 's the second one .
but i had n't thought about it again until i just saw your comment .
im just keeping everyone and captaining haaland whatever i dont care actually not everyone sold sinisterra for rashfrod
i 'm gon na be honest i 'd never want my first boyfriend to think i 'm using him as practice we are in this together or we are n't .
i 'd never want anyone to feel like i used them as practice especially if i like you and want to be with you .
that 's the whole reason i 'm with you in the first place .
i find people who do this rather your a man or a women weird like i already take good care of myself despite having depression .
but i have been in a situation where i felt like i was the practice '' girlfriend but i honestly just felt like a mom had to tell him to go brush his teeth and wash up and that his hair was n't clean .
i was always the one taking care of myself .
yeah but i was 17 at the time and left at the end of the year because it was way too much .
the poster above said the upcoming continual light '' .
i believe there was supposed to be a new version coming out with a much better layout .
not necessarily for exactly the way you ask the question but it might engage the part of your brain you 're trying to get at .
the other commenter so far is a psychologist so full disclosure i am not one .
i find audiobooks more enjoyable and easier to get lost in than sitting still and focusing and i think it 's because i can listen while doing other tasks that are n't word tasks . ''
there is probably an actual scientific way to explain this but what i mean is this i ca n't have a conversation or type emails while listening but i can definitely wash dishes drive a car do laundry knit etc while reading and i think that doing those type of tasks actually helps my brain get immersed in the story .
another disclosure here might be relevant i have adhd .
this is very likely a factor in how i am able to consume and enjoy audiobooks .
either way i hope you find what you 're looking for !
wait this is n't a fake discourse post there 's actual controversy over this .
so long fire emblem friday shittygaming lounge i guess .
please do i 'd love to show you what you could be playing with 😉
was a hand me down from my parents when i moved out 😊
if you 're bringing 5 trailers to volcano you 're doing it wrong ong .
and there is no way in hell that getting ice is faster then lava
i think malls are dying out everywhere tbh except big cities
they 're karens but you should have asked this is busser etiquette and it helps make sure they actually are done with the plates .
its not that uncommon to ask if you can clear some of the plates and the people say no.
are n't they restricted to local government and trash carriers in third world countries ?
exactly granted part of why i would make them mostly focused on melee is because it would allow me to engage enemies who fly who think they are hot shit .
fuck yes sit on my face while i tease your nipples
i 'm gon na guess we 're all getting these cos some 4chan attack is messing with reddit 's data about the sub trying to make it look like it 's radical and destructive and reddit needs to take it down
i got one of these seconds ago and some of the options were straight up terrorism
the better you get at knots the less line youll use on each re-tie as well .
i mean they did n't even say the lock was broken just that it had damage typical for a stolen vehicle '' .
so they saw someone might have tried to steal it or had stolen it and it was recovered at some point and assumed someone must have tried to steal it while it was in that parking lot
but there are brands like lethal cosmetics which are using ethical mica
i think jerry jones actually cares about trying to put out a successful team and actually cares about the on-field results .
hal just views the team as a money printing machine .
the housing market crash and mass layoffs are coming .
i used to hate my sister in law for no reason at all .
then she married my brother so i fixed my attitude .
what 's wrong ? i gave you an orgasm i never said a release
my grandparents gave me a vcr/dvd player that comes with a passive 5.1 surround sound system .
i 've been needing a system for my pc room thought i would give surround sound a shot but the problem is that this player while it says it 's a receiver as well does n't seem to accept any input i give it rendering just a receiver for dvd and vhs .
while i 'd love to collect dvd 's and such media i 'm just sticking with the streaming services that i already have and i 'd love to see what it 's like to game with surround sound .
my motherboard 's b450 auorus elite v.2 sound card can handle 5.1 but takes 3.5mm while this setup only has speaker wire .
i came to the realization either i have to somehow harvest the amp in this receiver and somehow connect the speakers to my pc with the amp or buy a stereo receiver or maybe even a av receiver .
dwm-3900 if anyone could help me figure out how to connect all of this to my pc or find a cheap stereo receiver that would be great
i 'm gon na finish the main story only .
basically i was texting a friend he said he was gon na study really late and i said he does n't need to .
then he says that he does and that he 's dysfunctional and messed up .
i asked why he thinks that and he says its cus he sleeps late and was put in an intervention group at school by his counselor .
i asked him if he 's ok he says he thinks so and hopes so .
so i asked why would ur guidance counselor send you to the intervention group if you seemed fine and he says cus i 'm not '' ...
but then he says it 's good ig '' and that he 's fine and is n't gon na commit and that he does n't have mental health issues.. he said that he says a lot of things that can be seen as signs of suicide and that he 's not being serious half the time '' so i honestly do n't know what to think..
also please excuse my bad grammar and spelling english is not my first language
to make this short i just discovered that someone close to me gave me herpes not by sex or kissing but by sharing a contaminated object .
i do n't know what it was my closest guess has to be a cup or just food utensils all i know is that i have it .
to make things worse for me i just realised my now inability to have kids which was one of my future dreams and a partner since who wants to date marry an infected person ?
now i 'm currently suffering from a mental breakdown and i think a life crisis because i do n't know if i can accept the fact that i 'm going to be alone forever and all my worst nightmares have come to life .
i tried so hard to think positively like knowing i will at least have friends but then it occurred to me that no matter how hard i will try i will eventually be envious of them growing up and marrying and having kids .
i also thought about adoption but i think it 's selfish to put poor innocent babies at risk so basically everything is out of the list .
i 've been through loads of hard things and each time christ has always been there to support and continue to love me through the hard times .
i love him with all my heart and am grateful for everything he has done and sacrificed for me and others .
but the pain is getting worse each minute and my head is hurting like mad to comprehend all of this .
although i honestly think i truly hit rock bottom and the only reason why i wo n't let go right now is knowing that god wo n't forgive me if i ended my life and the last thing i want to do is disappoint the person who has always been there for me .
i 'm just lost and scared i do n't know what to do i just want the pain to stop and for the thoughts in my head to be quiet .
i do n't know if it 's because i 'm having a mental breakdown but i will update later once i clear my head .
say i wanted to grow 1 plant outside in a garden bed ...
is there a certain variety that does n't need all fancy fertilisers water management etc etc ?
essentially i just want to plant a seed or 2 .
and with some sun some water have a plant in several weeks time ?
hope that makes sense and hope it 's possible ?
so as the title suggests i checked my banking statement earlier and i see a charge from spotify for 183 dollars .
i 'm so horny right now and i just want to worship the fuck out of a cock .
any guy willing to fuck my warm mouth until they bust a load ?
i promise i 'll have your toes curl and eyes roll back .
i hate the rafters and the archers fuck them both
he let me walk into his class over a dozen of times and it was fun .
hey guys i have been playing sadida and with very good help with a build its been very fun !
but i 'm wondering how it would be on a osa as well .
for context the agi str path are the ones that i find most exciting solo and duo maybe .
though i would build a int set around a supportive build for maybe 4 man dungeons .
agency finally shipped out my headset replacement after my old plantronics set ate it .
surprised to find they sent me a cheap low quality headset that you 'd typically find at five below .
i 'd rather just buy myself a higher quality wireless headset .
has anybody successfully hooked up a wireless headset to the ul ?
i suspect to connect a bt headset directly to the ul via the ul 's bt antenna is not possible if you go into windows and have the ul scan for bt devices it does n't list anything .
my phone bluetooth settings will at least list surrounding devices wireless printer tv and echo even though i might not be able to pair to them .
i 'm thinking maybe a bt dongle will be okay seems redundant considering the ul already has bt in it but oh well ?
i was just wondering what y'all 's thought on the netflix doc killer sally was ?
a minexmr2.com https minexmr2.com pool known to use decentralized p2pool instance inside makes miners ' balance updates and upcoming payouts regular despite miner 's possibly weak hashrate .
today minexmr2.com has implemented 1st github feature request night/day theme toggle switch .
default theme is night since it is more comfortable for human eyes .
welcome to add other feature requests on the pool 's
i have back pain that starts in my thoracic spine and wraps right around the ribs primarily lower ribs .
also there is a lot of pain in the ribs under my armpits .
it 's weird because stretching often helps but there are some cases when my back and ribs are completely flared up and it seems there 's nothing that i can do to relieve it .
i 've had this for the past 3 years and it came on very quickly as i started working an office job so i believe that it 's all posture related .
every day i 'm in the office after a long day of sitting down my back is in agony .
has anyone got any suggestions on what i should do ?
at least on wikipedia which i know i should 've never trusted that much but i used to use this site so much all the time i really treated it like a general purpose knowledge base so this shit hurts gender non-conformity is treated like it 's an identity like being trans .
even on articles about discrimination treat being gender non-conforming as a base level state of being .
not that i want gnc people to be discriminated against and i think it 's good to talk about but in most cases it 's really more equivalent to people being mistreated for being a goth or something like that .
and just because people are mistreated for the same reason does n't mean those people actually have foundational commonality the mistreatment is often due to misunderstanding .
i even saw an article of a somewhat famous singer who said she 's gender non-conforming on instagram or something and the article said so-and-so i forgot her name identifies as gender non-conforming and uses she/they pronouns '' ... .like what ?
she was n't even gender non-conforming she was very feminine too so ... i just really do n't get this shit .
but even if she was masculine does that mean masculine straight women are lgbt now too ?
i ca n't remember her sexuality either so she might be lgbt anyway tbh .
these articles are acting like gender non-conformity is itself a gender identity ... one article about discrimination in prisons said exactly that .
i do n't even like the whole identifies as '' stuff with trans people but if they do that with us it 's really offensive to say someone who is okay with 'they ' pronouns identifies as '' too ... come on .
i really feel like this and the conflation with most nonbinary stuff is a bunch of cis people who ca n't be bother to look deeper into this stuff and just says well it all looks the same to me so ... '' .
yeah no duh it all seems the same and it all seems socially constructed the only way cis people can engage with this stuff is socially .
being trans is a physical/neurobiological reality though but people want to disregard that .
and of course there are the trans people who want to be overly-inclusive just in case '' ... do n't even get me started on the numerous and misinformed nonbinary articles on wikipedia .
it just sucks knowing even the people on our side see us as 'people just saying they are y when on the down low we know they are still really x ' but that 's okay because 'people can do what they want fuck society ' '' .
cool sentiment but that 's not what 's going on at all .
ask a transphobe and supposed allies who write this shit what the sex of a nonbinary a gender non-conforming she/they and a transitioned ftm are guess what their single answer will be .
that 's their commonality that 's how they see us that 's why they write about us like this and even moreso for the mtf side of the coin .
the most comprehensive course to start learning latest and greatest drupal from scratch
css and javascript programming language and python programming language complete course
master yourself in html5 interactive way step by step and easy to follow .
automate building laravel apis database migrations and eloquent models and relations in the oop way of thinking
mit krypto-index und sparplan ab 1€ in bitcoin ethereum und co. investieren reguliert in deutschland .
this is the complete course of html 5 with python programming language and python framework flask
synopsis gm plans a campaign with an ambitious premise then abandons it after one session when he realizes guiding the pcs through that premise is like herding cats .
my rationale for calling it a horror story is the sudden and tragic end that could have been avoided in hindsight .
however compared to what 's usually posted in this sub this is more of a cautionary tale there 's no that guy '' no calls to the police and no violent trauma necessitating a trigger warning .
our group 's forever gm lays out his newest campaign idea the pcs are modern day slice-of-life people but each of their lives is complicated by a vice or other self-destructive behavior of their player 's choice .
the pcs already know each other because they 're attending an experimental form of group therapy that teaches them how to confront their personal demons by projecting a heroic avatar '' within their mind .
part of this training is how to focus their minds so their avatars can coexist which explains how they can work together as a party in both the physical and mental worlds .
the gm says that we 'll create the pcs ' modern day identities using world of darkness rules while their avatars will use d d 4e rules our group did n't jump to pathfinder until about a year later now hush .
within this circle of friends we 've been pretty consistent with having at least four players plus the gm attending each session and i 'm almost positive we had six players gearing up for this campaign .
so with an above-average party size plus what 's effectively two pcs per player that 's a lot for our gm to plan for .
moving ahead to session one it opens with the party leaving from their latest therapy session .
it 's after sundown and the pcs are hungry so they decide to stop at a local diner .
there 's a bit of roleplay in ordering food and chatting up the waitress such as finding out she 's working through college and she painted that landscape hanging up over there for sale .
once there 's a lull in group chatter the gm asks which pcs would be relaxed enough to nod off in the booth .
half of the players go for it while the rest decline .
for the pcs who fell asleep they 're suddenly aware of a gang of orcs breaking into the tavern and kidnapping the charming barmaid intent on cooking her in the oven !
meanwhile the pcs who are still awake notice a raging grease fire spreading in the diner 's kitchen while the waitress is sleeping at the counter .
sleep deprivation from her workload plus a fear of being stuck in this job have collided to create her nightmare in the mental world mirroring the emergency in the physical world .
sounds like an awesome trial by fire of the campaign 's main concept right ?
unfortunately what sounds smooth on paper turns out rough in execution .
the gm is jumping back and forth between two parallel scenes only able to focus on half of the players at a time .
each side is using a different set of rules to deal with obstacles and unable to directly lend any help to the other side .
not to mention the awake pcs are hesitant to jump into action in the first place since their physical personas are more fragile than their avatar counterparts .
in truth i only half-remember the setup for this encounter and forget basically everything that came after so many of the details come from the gm after i asked for help filling in the gaps .
that alone tells me how hard this scene was to follow as a player .
it 's bizarre that i can recall my pc ordering half of a club sandwich when no dice are rolled yet my memory is a total blank when it 's time to throw down .
by the end of the session the pcs barely manage to rescue the waitress and escape with their lives .
the gm admits to us afterward that having only half the pcs take the hook he offered caused things to spiral out of control .
all talk of the campaign comes to a halt and after a couple weeks of one-shots and board games to let the gm brainstorm some more we move on to a more typical but reliable d d 4e adventure .
hi i am moving from i3 to stumpwm because i mostly hack in common lisp now .
in i3 for example i have all windows available and i can open apps on each window .
in stumpwm how do i for example go to window 2 open a browser then go to window 3 and open emacs ?
i read the docs but im not understanding how applications work per window .
their were naturally edgy people humor wasnt as randomized and i feel like the internet was less sanitized
important note i 'm a switch so i can both dom and sub .
although i write these plots as if the roles are set in stone you can choose the role you 'd like to play example either the nurse or the patient .
just to make it known again the character roles are easily flipped .
in rp i can play any gender you 'd like .
tell me your favorite color to prove that you 've read this .
scenario 14 the sickly patient in need of a checkup
this rp will involve gross kinks such as vomit piss and scat if you are not into that look for a different prompt .
i had been sick for roughly a month now and for the majority of that month it had left me bedridden .
although i was still sick i am thankfully able to move around the house some although my doctor recommends that i stay in the house a majority of the day .
this illness has left my stomach extremely weak resulting in several trash cans being thrown up in and several pairs of underwear and bed sheets being soiled .
my parents had done a decent job of taking care of me but they had their lives to return to .
that 's why i 'm lucky that you were willing to check in on me in their place .
i was happy that the first day you would be checking up on me was the first day i was feeling like my old self somewhat and that only needed to continue until you left i ca n't humiliate myself in front of you on the first day now can i ?
all that 's known is that i 'll be dependent on you with my body being extremely weak .
extra this mystery disease could have other effects as well such as making me horny and go into heat causing me to be very sweaty or anything you 'd like to add .
a few of my kinks and limits here not all kinks are required
willing to try condoms magic partner diapers minor inflation size difference
i prefer chats as i tend to forget about dm 's
i have been having an issue with the managers taking our tips to cover the safe/register shortages .
instead of them fixing or investigating the shortages they cover them up with tip money .
i know it 's illegal for your tips to be taken if you make below minimum wage but is it still illegal if you make over ?
indian news sources are claiming that pak court makes decision in favour of man who kidnapped hindu girl '' .
i am trying to find out what is going on .
can anyone help me find the backstory on this .
in addition the news source says that she was forced to convert .
looking to rp a story based loosely off the pilgrimage of final fantasy x .
basically you are trying to save the world i 'm trying to keep you safe .
the setting can be any fantasy world it does not need to be bound to spira .
this would be an ongoing romance rp looking for someone literate up for writing in either 1st or 3rd person whichever is more compatible for our styles .
would like world building to be roughly 50/50 though if world building just is n't for you i can take the lead as long as overall response effort seems equal .
my character would be mid 30 's male his key characteristics would be calm capable confident protective possessive and authoritative .
looking for a character who 's younger than mine and human-like sorry furries dragons etc .
beyond that i just want it to be someone that comes from your own conception do n't rp a person or character that already exists or put a heavy a personal spin on them if you do .
i do n't want to flesh out too many details because ultimately i want this to be a collaboration so if you made it this far and are still interested send me a pm and we can see if we vibe .
magic skin bọt vệ sinh thảo dược tâm an tinh dầu răng miệng tâm an xịt mũi tâm an cai thuốc lá thuốc lào vương khang an tâm plus ...
i am now f19 but was roughly 14/15 at the time ask any questions you want to !
a life for eternity ... the fuck will we do forever and ever ?
seems like you would get bored by year 200 ... never mind being.. a entity for millions and millions of years ...
and what will our first moment be like.. oh shit is this death ?
oh hey frank.. fancy seeing you here ... so whats the deal.. un do we still eat food ?
like im feeling a pizza and some pussy afterwards ...
i hate the thought that it 'll be nothing .
it 'll be like before we were born ... and although that 's more than likely wha will happen it sorta just makes life so fucking meaningless .
some kids good food money to travel but nah inflation and economy just keeps making things worse .
so we force ourselves to work jobs we hate live in shittt apartments live poorly and then we die .
but if theres is an afterlife it just feels weird it would be for forever .
so i am a pm for a ml product and we are running into scaling trouble .
the product uses k8s to scale horizontally and the pods needs to run initially some olap queries one currently a postgre instance .
it will have 100 tables and each table will have 400 million rows growing 210k rows each day .
there are just a few columns 15 with either integer or strings .
use connection pooling and read replicas could this be sufficient already ?
use snowflake and it 's auto scale feature and let the scheduler do the coordination work heard snowflake is however bad for many concurrent short lived connections ?
use citus hyperscale engineers told me this is super expensive on azure hence no option probably ?
put stuff low level on the storage with suitable partitioning and then directly read files from there .
high development effort and one creates a solution for a problem that should normally be already solved better by some technology i assume ?
spark is for whatever reason no option for us according to the engineers .
how would you go about this scaling bottleneck and rearchitecture ?
so i really really was enjoying this game i put in something like 1000 hours and it was a blast doing co op with my best friend but ... we started running into the desync issue where invisible ships would be shooting you and the only fixes were logging out leaving or going to where it showed the ship as being .
this issue started happening really really often like every time we went to a new orbit unfortunately and when you had ghost dreadnaughts and such it made the game unplayable and ultimately lead to my friend quitting which lead to me quitting .
so i am just wondering if this has been fixed finally or if people have found a real fix or if there is at least any word on it as it 's such a game breaking issue unfortunately .
i wish they 'd allow us to treat wood to prevent environmental damage
my comment is based on the relative speed of the weight loss not the numbers .
losing 15 of one 's weight in two months is almost never healthy unless they 're starting point is incredibly obese .
turns out that op meant four months which is a much more reasonable timeframe for that kind of drop .
i do n't like it because it 's borderlands .
they could 've done much more but just crammed it full of the exact same formula .
i love the humor and d d is awesome .
after working in customer support i ca n't even register at any website without reading their faqs and terms conditions first .
not sure why acting like regular people is the same as being nerfed.that 's pretty much growing up plus it 's kinda hard to expect videl to be as stubborn and harsh as before considering that she saw how dangerous the life of people like goku really was .
if anything super hero had the right balance by making her a martial arts teacher instead of just making her give up martial arts completely .
i stay alive because i seem to make other people happy .
the horse is a manifestation in michael 's mind but the mental image is so funny to me that i 'll allow this .
unfortunately if you want mexico to fight back you have to be kinda cheesy and intentionally not conscript a bunch so you can convince the ai that it is worth fighting it out .
you can technically get the northwest territories from the uk if you get lucky in the expeditions but honestly i would recommend just rolling the canadians up and annexing the whole lot of them .
i think there is a difference in what the nba defines as a wide open three and what a wide open three really is .
i researched it and a lot of threes that go into that statistic still are heavily contested for normal people .
where u can catch the ball take ur time and then shoot .
those shots exist in the nba and they exist in 2k .
keep that going and i will get my face in as well 🥵🔥👅👅💦
jesus he 's going to he our next coach is n't he
just a tip.. add a just show me the results '' option for people who do n't have an answer but just want to see the results .
otherwise people pick a random answer to see the results and end up messing with the actual poll results ... 🤔🤷‍♂️
you 're stupid if you pay that much for a sofa
you just found an entire new genre of potential meme coins people could make entire salads portfolios '' .
team leaders pick something that charges fast and does not much damage like swampert with mud shot quick energy gain and muddy water low energy requirements .
don't touch the bubble during the charge move you want to fire off as many muddy waters as you can .
edit i got 8 muddy waters off against her master league entai with my level 48 swampert .
i suspect you could get all 10 with a lower level swampert .
putin is putting into effect operation infektion which began in the mid 80s .
also russians have always treated anyone who would betray their country like dirt when the time comes .
who do you think is more cunning the former head of the kgb or an american politician ?
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/downblouse if you have any questions or concerns .
castelleons spelling should have thrown in out no urging balls strikes
that 's a silly conclusion based on this video .
still started a shootout in a busy area with a lot of innocent people around .
probably do n't need another little girl dying texas style because someone was going to lose a few hundred dollars .
the first car i owned i knew nothing about anything and i still rebuilt the entire thing pretty much .
diy is definitely fine even abs and the likes can be done by a beginner as long as they research and take the necessary precautions .
i love it when people want to discuss for real thank you for that !
many times they just end after a 1 or 2 sentence stint and noone resumes it .
they are downvoting because they do n't like or understand the textbook definition of cyberpunk
imo the problem lies in the connotation of cyberpunk rather then the denotation of it .
cyberpunk genres connotation can be summarized as cyberpunk is a subgenre of science fiction in a dystopian future setting that tends to focus on a combination of lowlife and high tech '' featuring futuristic technological and scientific achievements such as artificial intelligence and cybertechnology juxtaposed with with societal collapse dystopia or decay .
which has become vastly more prevalent then the denotation which features setting .
and tends to focus more on the themes of the genre then the local presuming it meets few parameters .
i try and use both when determining whether somthing is cyberpunk .
otherwise you end up with stories like paw patrol being closer to dictionary definition then somthing like altered carbon .
and one of those two is considered cyberpunk lmao .
i find the first of these two quotes interesting because i have been taught from a very young age like 3 4 that cyberpunk as a genre focuses on three main ideas future urban society computer tech majority of the society and sci fi .
rebellion seems like a good inherent fit as does a dystopia to go with it but i have never found either as critically essential to cyberpunk in order to fit the textbook definition .
this definitely hits the cyber part but not the punk part this is a quote from the man who first coined the term he derived the term from the words cybernetics the science of replacing human functions with computerized ones and punk the cacophonous music and nihilistic sensibility that developed in the youth culture during the 1970s and '80s .
science-fiction editor gardner dozois is generally credited with having popularized the term . ''
the punk part definitely requires some level of rebellion of the nihilistic state the world is in at least to me .
these themes are what drives the genre and without some level of ig i could just be distopian high tech .
which for the most part would indesiquishible from cyberpunk at face value .
i view anticapitalism as another form of rebellion so that kinda knocked off that whole top part of the chart for me .
i move over to the left side of categories and breathe a sigh of relief .
anticapitalism is infact a form of rebellion especially in a corporate state because you are rebelling against the status quo .
that 's also fair lmao hense the question of if a story has cyberpunk areas how much before it is cyberpunk the expanse has a very cyberpunk area of the belts .
it 's a multi corporate owned rock were the corps there control the aspects of the belt with an iron fist while a growing disillusion bottom class begins seeds of revolt by sabotage hacking and guerilla tactics .
the story of a detective trying to find a rich girl in this mess while also in a urban/industrial environment would definitely fit the cyberpunk genre but the rest of the world is very space operay so is only one part cyberpunk ?
like how far back do you go to get to the og ?
hardcore 70/80s athletics but with vastly superior blocky style technology new wave style edm fueled drug party is the kind of og cyberpunk that paved the way for the the sleek digital hyperrealised edm fully business meeting of today lmao .
i ended up upvoting because of the content of the media portrayed but i do not agree with the table construction .
this is again to me up to interpretation and it did open some interesting discussion .
i would consider anything that contains less than 50 of all the required elements cyberpunk .
so all technically are cyberpunk save for cryptoland no idea .
this i guess was my miss statement while this is fair as a statement .
my question pertains to the above if it fits the setting and the theme of cyberpunk but happens in a way that paves the world in a way that does n't show most of the cyberpunkyness despite its prevalence in the story of the world is it still cyberpunk .
a fantastic example is ff7 it 's a preset world where in a single company with it 's own military controls all of the power which they get my draining the world of its life energy .
it shows that without this company the world would recover .
the main character a group of terrorists who seek the companies destruction to free the people of the world from its tyranny .
most of the game happens in an urban/industrial setting .
it has advance both cybernetics advanced bioagumentation mech guns prosthetics everything screams cyberpunk .
however it is a fantasy series at its core and while a lot of it does happen in a city there are hours and hours of gameplay that happens in the mountains .
it checks all the boxes but because the story glosses over the cyberpunk outside of some very specific in favor for a world ending plot is it still cyberpunk .
put on football of a team i 'm not too fussed about or another sport start doing a job and get distracted by the actual tv and forget to complete the job i was meant to do
it usually does not get below minus 40 here so i would not worry about a block heater .
the main thing you have to worry about is your oil getting to bearings and moving parts when your car starts up as starting your car and warm up is when the most damage happens to an engine .
when it 's cold your oil resembles molasses your oil pump has a tough time moving that to get it where it needs to be .
also that 's 1 of 2 reasons cars have issues starting in cold weather as it takes alot to get that oil moving by the oil pump .
pan heater is good enough if you were in minus 60 regularly then i would look at block heater .
he took off his pants from across the room ...
and i could smell his balls from across the room .
as in they are not a good breed for people who do n't know how to train them/keep them under control
they actually pointed out that the idea viruses evolve more contagious and less deadly is a myth a theory that was debunked decades ago in the scientific community .
measles polio smallpox there 's a long list of viruses which have existed for centuries and not evolved to be less virulent .
with covid the alpha beta gamma and delta variants were all deadlier and more contagious than the original .
it 's nothing more than dumb luck that omicron was less deadly than delta .
but also there 's no evidence of it being less virulent that the original wuhan or d614g strains which hit us in 2020 .
it 's just our immune systems adapting to it after vaccination and multiple exposures along with better treatments like antivirals making it so much less deadly now .
it 's us adapting to it not the virus getting weaker .
was n't he ordered to raze paris when the allies were approaching ?
the general disobeyed the order and later said it was the moment he realised hitler was insane .
i 've played 2-3 hours a session 3-4 times a week with premium and a group and im level 53
have tried uninstalling and reinstalling both home and youtube tv apps .
i live in michigan i 've read that nestle pumps millions of gallons daily for their ice mountain brand bottled water .
i do not believe either candidate for governor said anything about it .
yes we are different than arizona since we are surrounded by the great lakes but how long can groundwater hold out pumping that much daily ?
you ca n't give any of their animals names but you claim to know '' all of these things about them ?
which animal did he give away after a couple of months ?
he 's had all of his current animals for years which he adopted by the way honey came from a bad situation .
he had the ones with lisa but they decided it was better if she kept it .
when he was in his 20s and moving he asked his mom who had stable living to keep them ?
and he visited them he recently posted a lot about his older animals that she kept which is better then him just giving them to a stranger or something worse .
also the kitten was not mauled '' the vet said they could n't identify what happened as there was no puncture wounds like from teeth only bruising so much so that it could have happened from to much commotion running and being stepped on for example as it was much smaller than the other animals .
and for a jumping spider you can catch one outside and modify a small container to fit its needs snake discovery on youtube has a very good video on the requirements for a proper jumping spider habitat and you feed it small bugs which are cheap .
small crickets are like ¢10 each or something like that at petsmart and they 're perfect .
spiders do n't eat every day just make sure they always have a small shallow water dish and once or twice a week feed it a cricket or other small feeder insect
in short jumping spiders are the easiest pet ever and quite a good pet surprisingly .
smart adorable and you can have real interactions with it watch videos of people playing with their jumpers or teaching them tricks
i certainly enjoy high end cans but still love some saltines and beach cliff .
they 're perfectly serviceable for what they are and i 'll defend them .
nicks got to be careful here '' if he is going to get called out on that bs he might as well get thrown out
i am making a logical assumption when i offer the opportunity to learn about how smg4 can be saved .
this submission to r/asoiaf has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required spoiler tags https www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/wiki/spoilertagsystem such as spoilers main spoilers extended or spoilers production .
you can use spoilers published to limit your post to just the book series .
hbo trailer discussion should be posted with spoilers extended or higher .
please consider re-submitting this post with a proper spoiler tag in the title !
for help on how to do this please see here https www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/wiki/faq wiki_2._how_should_i_title_my_thread.3f .
protip 1 multiple sets of parentheses will confuse automoderator so please use only one set in your title around your spoiler tag .
protip 2 typos in spoilers '' can also trigger this auto-response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asoiaf if you have any questions or concerns .
yogurt mayonnaise and sour cream are all horribly disgusting in texture taste and smell .
just going to say someone needs to find that fistula and put a stake through his heart .
honestly i do n't think adam needs a cap limit as everyone else is improving too which is another reason i do n't like it .
it 's just a weird decision to add and will limit him forever in the future .
love it but please transfer this to a bottle with a screw on water tight cap the cork is just gon na get oil everywhere
like you i do n't have an issue with it .
i 'm not ashamed of where i came from .
they hang halfway down her thighs so i think it 's more like
bear spray idk if it will work or not but all wildlife has an instinct to avoid .
and the publicly doubling down on his support of it 2 or 3 times ?
i 'd be inclined to agree but said it that way to avoid pointless arguments
take the stupidly massive v8s out and turn them into generators or something idk
hey op if you want a friend or someone to study with i am down ! !
i took a gap year and most of my friends graduated so i 'm gon na be on my lonesome for next semester !
i honk like a motherfucker if you 're impeding traffic .
im driving a giant metal box it has more stopping power than a gun .
i 'm a small guy that 's easily scared and fear for my life if you approach my vehicle .
politics and the greedy bastards that run everything groceries costing an arm and a leg high rent and home prices everyone being more angry social media making people less social and more in love with themselves shitty us healthcare system the rise of people adapting the mindset fuck you i got mine ! .
as i explained jesus himself said they 're not law .
that 's reason enough and the fact that you insist that they are relevant even though jesus said otherwise suggests that you are arrogantly and blasphemously placing your own judgment ahead of jesus which is to say ahead of god made flesh .
i am ignoring not because i do n't like '' it but because jesus said to .
no we do n't get to wield mjionir but it is still somewhere in one of the realms and is missing .
thrud tells atreus at the end of the game that she will go looking for something in all the realms hinting at the fact that she will be the next wielder of mjionir .
for those confused thrud is the daughter of thor .
asgardians are all gods but they are minor gods .
midgardians are what the people of the norse pantheon call humans .
atreus leaves in the end to look for giants hinting at the fact we will play as him in other pantheons .
kratos confirms that atreus and angrboda do love each other and he tells mimir that he is worried because he never taught atreus anything about how to be in a relationship lol but mimir reassures him that atreus knows how to woo a girl and tells kratos he has been secretly teaching atreus how to woo girls behind his back 😂 .
after atreus leaves kratos finds a secret mural hidden behind the final mural of the game and when he opens it it shows his battles with thor etc and on the final part of the mural it shows kratos standing above everyone and we see giants humans etc bowing to him showing that kratos is the future ruler of the realms .
the image of kratos in that mural is also different from the other murals .
in the mural showing him as the ruler he looks bigger than everyone else and is glowing yellow light and he even looks younger in that mural than he does in the other murals so kratos will probably get a younger appearance the more powerful he gets .
at the end of the game asgard is destroyed and pieces of asgard are scattered everywhere in different realms .
thrud aka thor 's daughter is arguably gon na be the most powerful valkyrie in the future .
she is training to be a valkyrie and is also looking for mjionir .
can you imagine a valkyrie with lightning power and mjionir ?
damn she 's gon na be a problem lol but since kratos is gon na be the new ruler of the realms in the future and the new king of the gods she 's more than likely gon na be working under him in the future .
at the end of the game the remaining gods dwarves etc refer to kratos as general '' which i found kinda cool .
heck by the end of the fight thor was all bloodied and kratos looked like he was n't hurt at all eventhough kratos was holding back against since kratos did n't want to kill him .
i ca n't believe he said to shakib i reckon you 'll bat even before he said anything .
please try again after you have acquired more karma on reddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/azgonewildreal if you have any questions or concerns .
but you 're clearly too dumb to understand how 1 bullet can cause multiple injuries .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rpghorrorstories if you have any questions or concerns .
22a good man will leave an inheritance for his sons ' sons but the wealth of a sinner is laid away for the righteous .
if youre going to a gym that plays the audio from the news then your at the wrong gym
your post was removed for violating rule 3 content has to be related to defense or international security in some form . ''
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/babes if you have any questions or concerns .
if i understand correctly ca n't alex mcpherson kick for the next 3 games and still count this year as a redshirt ?
google says he has n't played yet this year .
i respect all the good kicking carlsen 's provided in years past but that acl tear seems to have killed him .
yes people having their own needs and schedules is why stores are understaffed not shitty management understaffing to cut costs
i saw it on cr ras 's chat that they 're picking bangalore over valk because bangalore smokes can counter aim assist lol
żoophiles and pedos do n't deserve fun or peace of mind
i 'm assuming of course that you 've read the server rules beforehand as you were obviously supposed to before joining which strictly prohibit any underage content whatsoever specifically the rule 5 on in-game-rules channel of splurt 's official discord which quotes
rule 5 we do not allow underage content on this server .
no characters under the age of 18 are allowed to be played period .
do n't even bring this subject up it is not welcome in this server .
if you are suspected of being underage the s.p.l.u.r.t .
staff may pull you aside for an age verification at any time .
this verification can include a temporary ban from the server until proof of age is both given and verified .
i 'm also assuming that you do n't think all people who play on such servers are dirty furries zoophiles pedophiles erpers et cetera as you seem to actively dislike such contingent yet you 've yourself said you 've made some friends here which is actually quite nice to hear .
i 'll also agree that there are zoophiles on this server in particular the rule 5-a does allow erp with animals although specifically not with non-sentient real-life ones like cats and dogs though i 'd argue that in this case there does n't seem to be any actual moral ground for hatred unlike most cases of real-life bestiality .
so let 's focus specifically on the pedophilia claim which is actually quite serious and potentially very harmful .
so whom exactly are you accusing of being pedophiles there and on what grounds ?
i 'm really curious to know myself if what you 're saying is true then like responsible people we both have the moral duty and obligation to report such things to authorities and spread awareness of such a blight through the online communities like reddit and others .
do please share the evidence you have so far .
that 's why i recommend the beiter why spend 15 on a no-name clicker when you can get the name brand that every pro has shot at some point for the same price or less ?
agree who knows she may have skated in under the wire just as they were closing the gate but ya yeh i said butya no airline would wait for a passenger w/most any bullshit let alone this .
idk what analytics said to bring in the lefty who had struggled vs alvarez when wheeler had made him look like a fool and dominguez was also in the pen
unfortunately your post has been removed because you have already made 1 submission in the last 12 hours .
18 m4a bi guy bored and trying to not fail nnn no limits 18 r/dirtyredditchat/comments/yndok8
i think the kang saga will end right where it started .
the time keepers from loki bear too striking of a resemblance to loki sylvie and mobius to be a coincidence .
one has antenna loki 's horns one has a mustache mobius and the other appears very feminine in miss minutes ' cartoon explanation .
some how those three are going to end up stopping kang or at least taking his place as protectors of the multiverse once he is defeated .
they 're choosing to being lazy and blaming it on you
this submission has automatically been removed due to the following rule
rule 2 ask purchase and shopping questions in the shopping setup and technical help desk r/audiophile/comments/yhxojd/raudiophile_shopping_setup_and_technical_help
requests for product opinions comparisons and general purchase advice must be made in r/stereoadvice or the dedicated shopping setup and technical help desk r/audiophile/comments/yhxojd/raudiophile_shopping_setup_and_technical_help instead of a new post .
in short this is a large subreddit with a high volume .
we want to help but it 's important to keep things organized to keep the sub fun .
a more detailed explanation about this rule can be found here .
i 'm a bot and i sometimes make mistakes .
if you 've read this message and still think it 's an error please message the r/audiophile moderators https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/audiophile subject=u/transducerbot 20removal 20error message=please 20review 20my 20purchase 20request 20post 20/r/audiophile/comments/ynfsq7/jbl_4305p
i recently injured my back and had to go to a chiropractor .
i went to the clinic and luckily got treated by a female chiropractor .
i would totally recommend this as a job because it saves lives and pays well .
had to pay almost 10k for a week and patients do n't stop coming .
i got t in gel packets to apply everyday idk what form you are using but for gel
applying really oonly the places they said to belly upper arms back tighs hips
i got lazy and put some a bit too up on my chest a whole bunch of times and i had some heart pain cuz t directly into veins everyday isnt so happy
the changes you will see will be uniquely paced for you !
in like 2 weeks i had bottom response and 3 weeks i got a perceivable tiny drop in pitch .
and bud i was on half a packet of t. 2 weeks in i could increase to a full packet of gel t 1 2.5g 25mg of t and im t 1y still at that dosage .
because the lowest amount that works for you is the right one .
its also the one with fewest side effects but that dosage and response speed will be unique to you its not bad its not wrong your body needs to do so much stuff with that component
watch out for getting suddenly way too hot sweaty for no reason .
seriously a good thing to experience in winter cause i could just walk out at 25c in tshirt to get a sense back of sanity during breaks at work xd
that change of direction after the catch might 've messed something up for kaz
im just trying to read this dribbling nonsense and wondering if mojo jojo found his way to r/nigeria and how .
you 're well and truly rattled son and you talk absolute testicles .
i mean this post is like a buffet of idiocy where do i even begin to pull it apart and the question is do i even want to waste time with an intellectual lilliputian ?
so your argument is that things were worse 40 years ago when the population was worse so having a population 2.5 times or so is better .
a primary 3 student would be embarrassed to argue like that .
first of all the government was able to take care of the citizens better 40 years ago .
education levels and the students they produced were of a far higher standard .
government was sending students abroad for masters to top schools like cornell and ucla and there were no defaults .
civil servants had their pensions paid as did military men .
our agricultural production has been proportional to available labor the solution is industrialization not fewer people
i mentioned in the post above that you called dumb you dunce .
and it even makes your argument make even less sense .
so if you agree that having more people does not and would not help our production in anyway why the fuck are you arguing for more people .
anyway i 've wasted enough time trying to put sense inside a stone .
continue fucking and breeding and wondering why your life is hard .
i have n't come across him yet but i did read about the single jetpack equipped basher dog in this game .
all those political ‘connections ' she has in the town paying off ...
it would be nice to play one world cup where we can actually field our best 11 .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
do you think you would be able to do that
how out of touch do you have to be to unironically call star trek woke ''
you can act and practice like brady and still not be .
why the fuck would they be in the goat convo ?
kobe is not on lbj or mj 's level his career is comparable to tim duncan .
you do n't have to remember '' dates anymore .
everyone has a smart phone with a calendar on it .
there 's no excuse to miss an important date .
and if my husband somehow forgot our anniversary or my birthday he never ever would because he knows how important it is to me i would feel shitty and damn sure would n't bring it up .
because if he does n't care enough to spend 30 seconds to make a calendar entry then he 's not going to give a shit if i 'm upset he forgot it .
i have n't worked as a server myself but in that scenario i 'd happily settle for 10 of the customer 's annual monthly or even weekly earnings which in most cases will exceed a 25 tip on a single meal !
info what does the custody arrangement require as far as bio moms visitation ?
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=lookingfor .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
beijing 's parks i think are very suitable for running depending on the neighborhood you live in
when he wasnt strong enough to beat byakuya he trained with kisuke for days and became much stronger
when he wasnt strong enough to beat byakuya again he trained with yoruichi till he got stronger
when he wasnt strong enough to reject his hollow he trained with the vizords till he improved
you mean that one time where he tried to avoid training as much as possible and only did it when he had absolutely no other choice left ?
when he wasnt strong enough to defeat aizen he trained in the dangai until he got stronger
same as last time he only got a training arc because there was literally no other choice and at the direction of someone else .
in the name of mars i will print the mars congressional republic navy corvette class light frigate tachi
... i will then legitimately salvage her repaint and rechristen her rocinante
so you 're not actually being physically intimate with your wife you 're just going through the motions because that 's what is expected of you .
i 'm curious if you 've told your wife that you 're not attracted to her since you 've so gracefully dodged it when people bring it up .
is it actually her being pregnant that you are not attracted to ?
intimacy is extremely important sex is very important especially since her hormones are going crazy .
you keep saying you 're doing what you should do . ''
you 're just doing what you want to do and not really taking your wife 's perspective into account .
people have suggested things like viagra to help out as well .
you came here asking how you can help your wife who wants sex from you .
this joke lands hard with a very specific age bracket haha .
bunko think it is weird thing bunko think it rock has blessing from rock god put on rock for blessing
i take it for seizures it does n't create the rage at can come with other seizure meds like keppra .
the dude 's also got 20 fights under his belt .
fuck that garbage i 'm gon na drown the shit out of it anyway .
i was mostly joking cause almost all of aytons 3 attempts happen while the suns are up like 20 but yea the stars aligned lol i wish he would have made it
this guy does n't even have the balls to the women he 's trying to insult .
he 's nothing but a baby back bitch boy .
that 's the type of indian woman i wan na see ❤️
you must have above 25 comment karma to contribute to this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunners if you have any questions or concerns .
when someone claims a car company is about enthusiast offerings but their main enthusiast offering is down 40 on a brand new generation then obviously they put priorities elsewhere .
let me know when the 911 and cayman are down 40 from the previous year .
he was 5 years old and was autistic/non verbal .
his parents reported him missing from the neighborhood i lived in in 2018 .
dad confessed to beating him to death a few days later and mom stated she saw the father standing over joe clyde and went back to bed .
there has never been a body found but dad was found guilty despite recanting his confession .
our entire community has spent countless hours looking for joe clyde .
i 'll take a mk12 gas block if there is any left
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fanslychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
so ur saying to snort a slice of strip ?
the list is false but also all elements should be by those same properties no ?
eg the list false is considered true do you think that should mean all elements should be true by that same property ?
the truth value of the list itself seems a red herring because we 're not asking about the list but about what is collectively true of all its members .
and i think the logical definitions for all/any make sense every item in the list is true just vacuously there are no items that can be false and likewise no items that can be true any property that for all items in an empty list is thus true by the principle of explosion that false true .
that can seem a little unintuitive but alternatively think about the some ways you could sensibly define or test for all '' of something matching a condition .
suppose you 've a bag that contains coloured stones and you want to know are all stones in this bag black ? ''
the count of the number of elements matching the condition is equal to the total number of items .
ie all the stones in this bag are black iff the number of black stones is equal to the number of stones '' .
if i count 5 black stones but there are 6 stones in the bag then they 're not all black but if i count 6 black stones they are .
there are no items that fail to match the condition .
if there 's a stone in the bag that 's not black then all the stones in the bag ca n't be black .
and it 's notable that these definitions all give the true '' answer when we apply them to an empty bag .
to get a false answer we kind of have to special case our definitions for the empty case and it causes other things to break down .
been waiting on the sale and going that exact route thanks
your technique is probably not right otherwise you would be able to flick at least the easy balls .
unless you can upload footage of you playing nobody will be able to advise you on reddit .
best thing to do is to get lessons with a proper coach and lots of practice .
yeh that should be fine i 'll get you to dm me at some time and we can organise a proper time .
you know when you ca n't feed the fucking child that everybody wants to be born it 's a big deal .
if you 're going to peddle dogshit get the easy facts correct
even in france were human health care is almost free .
as my bunnies are big enough i started to ask my vet to prescribe the pill human form of meloxidyl used for arthritis in humans .
in france it 's 2€ without health care 🤣🤣🤣 you pay full for pets .
already asked my physician to prescribe it to me for my buns
this mess is pretty poetic in light of musk 's the bird is free '' quip .
we know a cage is symbolic for captivity and a lack of freedom but for specifically small domesticated animals a cage is more to keep them out of trouble and danger than anything else .
musk smugly let this little bird fly out into the real world and is surprised that a creature '' that lived its entire life in captivity is struggling out there .
that 's all true but again that 's all because dumbledore told him to .
dumbledore specifically told snape to tell voldemort the true date of moving harry so he would look loyal to voldemort thereby making it easier for snape to betray him later .
yeah and snape could have just listened to this particular part and ignored the part about protecting the people of hogwarts .
and yet he did n't and even saved people he from the order he did n't like lupin because it was the right thing to do .
and ya i did make that up but would it be so hard to believe that with how maliciously he treats neville ?
literally threatens him on a daily basis with all sorts of deadly concoctions and bodily harm .
dude snape merely says mean things to neville which are tame compared to the majority of adults in hp .
mcgonagall puts neville in danger twice by sending him to a forest full of dark and dangerous creatures along with the trio but also by locking him outside the gryffindor dormitory with an escaped convict and supposed mass-murderer and de on the loose trelawney took out her frustrations about umbridge by throwing books at her students in one case hitting neville so hard he was knocked back hagrid mutilated dudley for something his father said and dumbledore covered up an attempted murder .
the most snape did to neville is say horrible things to neville .
you 're not saying that snape leaving neville to be executed is possible because it is believable which it is n't but simply because you do n't seem to like snape .
likewise if snape did n't care about neville he would have simply let neville be an exception to being tortured by the carrows instead of sent with hagrid and his friends to the forbidden forest .
i will say i may not have phrased it correctly with revenge but the books do make it clear that snape only defects because voldemort killed lily which he begged not to happen .
he also joined the eaters cause he felt scorned by lily so he may not be the most vile character but he knew what he was getting into and allowed a lot of bad stuff to go on before even thinking of defecting .
he may not want to get the students involved in those situations so ya he may feel bad about not saving more people but that does n't exactly connect to being loyal and just more a personal remorse .
snape did n't join the des because he felt scorned by lily he partially believed in the ideology even before hand .
and again snape did n't have to follow any of dumbledore 's personal requests like protecting the people of hogwarts and the order yet did so anyway .
ja turun telakalta tällä viikolla lähteneellä carnival celebrationillahan on ihan vuoristoratakin kannella .
sisäinen kulkuneuvoautistini on näistä laivoista innoissaan ulkoinen introverttini haluaa pakoon
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required gender tags .
please delete your post and resubmit with one of the required tags .
the gender tags must be in the format m f enby or t .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gwnerdy if you have any questions or concerns .
make a person with dwarfism armed only with a plastic fork fight 100 meerkats just to see who 'd win
it sounds like you 're kinda screwed in two different ways ... for one you paid marketplace for that label they will take the price out of your payment ... and then you paid the post office .
when marketplace gives you that label my understanding is you get paid after it shows delivered .
chances are you 've already received a late notice from marketplace .
they 're hard to find but they do have a few real people who respond .
also in the future here are a few tips.. get yourself a small scale at a yard sale etc ... food scale postal scale ... they 'll both work just make sure it 's digital ... secondly create an account at pirateship.com or shippo.com or another discount shipping creator .
i use pirateship and mostly end up shipping by priority mail cubic where i can ship up to a 20 lb box for less than 10 under certain circumstances reasonably short distance and must fit in a 12 x 12 x 6 box ... if lfr is a better rate i do that imstead ..thirdly order yourself some free shipping boxes and bubble envelopes from usps .
there is flat rate regional rate and the regular boxes ... if you use a fr or rr for shipping cubic or by weight make sure to mark out all the barcodes as well as any writing that says flat rate or they will change your label and charge you more .
the dmm states you can use flat rate packaging for shipping by zone weight as long as all flat rate indicators are marked out ... again do n't forget the barcodes ... i use a fat market and fragile stickers just to be sure ... oh do n't use the yellow fragile stickers the post office is willing to provide those add 12 per box for handling since they make the package sort by hand only .
feel free to message me if you want any more tips ...
i am a highly rated seller on marketplace i sell mostly corelle dishes and know how to pack for a safe trip without breaking the bank .
you can shoot from 30 yards out and the long shot will end up in top corner the agility will blow your mind physical will come to play when you go in fray with defender but his pace will always make him the first one on ball .
wait that just me sleep deprived and on a lot of coffee
it 's pretty dark and i hide behind a mask for the people i love everyday just so they do n't see how broken i am and they 've tried to to change my mind with the way they feel about me and whatnots but at the end of everyday i take my mask off and scream at the broken man in the mirror wishing him dead .
i want to see the t20 world cup in the winds of england .
not a leicester fan but this came up on my feed .
if rodger 's keeps pushing leicester up to the top half of the table and keeps them there i think he 's done an exceptional job .
most of the teams down and around leicester have spent millions and he spent basically nothing .
in a more civilized time we knew it as the grass is always greener over the septic tank . ''
of 1,700 entrepreneurs surveyed only twelve were making six figures or more .
the op was bummed because he believed and this was before the recent bout of inflation anybody could make six figures in a job .
i suggested only the twelve had the option of choosing .
does n't matter the word applied they are achievers .
sanji fights queen then fights queen and king at the same time off screen and then zoro jumps into the fight and it becomes 2v2
yeah its pretty concretely confirmed that its emission exclusive now possibly with some minor conjuration to give the pocket dimension some physical substance but that 's it
betterhelp can not be confirmed to abiding by hipaa serious allegations of selling patient data and is as predatory as rideshare apps with how it treats therapists .
why ca n't those conservative voters just use the braincells they have left to think maybe the election was fair and i 'm just bad at losing .
i remember when reagan was elected and the moral majority came along .
they want nothing less than to turn this country into a christian theocracy .
ah thankyou very much i 'll try the silk touch one have n't gotten an inferium farm down yet i 'll let you know results
i do n't believe that normal blood work would include that .
i 've tried telling my wife this but she thinks 3 kids do n't make a mess
yes horrid but please do n't call it that .
because this sub is filled with far right dana white joe rogan dickriders and colby fanboys white virgins
plan to stay late next tuesday while we work on your punishment.
they would be voided they have n't really been that advantageous to the uk anyway while membership of the single market is worth 4 of gdp .
some of these articles say practically nothing at all .
unfortunately being nice to them is n't an option they are ruthless psychopaths that are trying to steal the life-savings of old people .
there was a temporary short uptick a few years a go in sweden but that only lasted for a week or two and then i guess something changed .
not sure if the operators changed something or what happened .
this face looks just like the cross breed alien from alien resurrection .
well technically it does n't say anywhere that unhappy people ca n't have exactly the same habits .
it 's just an a~b statement hope i 'm using that sign correctly neither a b nor b a .
they whine that they 're going to lowe 's because their discount is better .
while lowe 's make you jump through more hoops .
hahahahahaahaha since when do they offer a mil discount ?
my veteran rear can identify these a 1000 meters away .
experiment with different routes with luck you can find some side streets that are decently maintained and low-traffic .
i would say that you might even find stretches of sidewalk that are safe and do n't have any pedestrian traffic but of course that would be illegal and wrong .
over a long enough timeframe you will have a wipeout so do n't use routes where falling to the left means a truck running over your head .
my mom died in 2020 and i 'm pretty sure she had one of these with her tuna salad and shells casserole in the fridge at the time .
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/ubc/comments/ynifeo/master_is_data_science_opinion has been removed because it appears to be a question about admissions .
we do not allow questions regarding admissions as separate/top-level posts on r/ubc .
you are encouraged to post your admissions question as a comment within the admissions megathread https www.reddit.com/r/ubc/comments/q44oiu/new_to_campus_megathread_post_all_your_admissions instead .
this includes questions made by current ubc students on fulfilling pre-requisites and transferring ap/ib/etc .
credit to ubc questions about applying for programs majors minors faculties etc .
as well as first-year/incoming student housing/program questions including how hard is the program/major ? ''
as well we 'd like to remind you that admissions information on r/ubc is potentially out-of-date and that you should always confirm any information given to you for accuracy .
if this is not an admissions question please do n't worry it will be approved soon .
if it is n't approved within 4 hours feel free to send a message to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ubc if you have any questions or concerns .
keys given to outlets for review purposes yes and they can see the gamertag of the person that redeemed it which is why some reviewers were blacklisted from the industry for receiving review keys to games and selling them the keys were then redeemed by unauthorized gamertags .
but not random physical copies sent to stores they 're not individually serialized .
daily sales of highly anticipated titles systems and discounted transactions are sent to district and corporate for review not sure if it 's a daily or weekly report though .
this generally does n't raise a problem in regards to pre-release sales since street dated titles are usually blocked from sale at the pos prior to its release date .
stores could sell it under a generic sku or even scan another game however stores should be doing daily cycle counts .
so if a store receives 48 copies of a game a week ahead of schedule those 48 need to be scanned every time during daily cycle counts .
but since upcs are generic sure you could scan the same copy of a game twice to hide the fact that one is missing but it 'd eventually be discovered when the sell through dips down to 1 and that 1 is n't anywhere to be found .
the store would need to eat the cost shrink .
this ca n't be done with hardware because cycle counts require you to scan the upc and unique serial number .
so i guess if you faked daily counts it could be done but there 'd probably be an investigation by the store manager when one 's missing .
i was farming 2 of the 4 bio 14/15 so 400 energy a day plus the capsule for its one health cat node and realized the day before the offer i was running out of the 4th i was about to be farming 700 energy a day on these now im refreshing the new campaigns catalyst nodes since theyre so good and farming more characters
nah fr tho i 'm kinda confused is this irony ?
i 'm not very big brain so i do n't know
i would n't write off bruce lee being a biter either .
the first five minutes of andor was better than anything from obi-wan minus vader or bobba fett minus mando .
maybe then i could figure out how to actually hit anything in naval rb and be able to make use of this ship .
so most of the big money made comes from outdated scratch stuff that has low recycling rates .
by low recycling rates i mean scratches that come around whenever jupiter makes a full orbit around the sun lmao .
we need someone to create an oap house share website .
where two or more pensioners can create their own living arrangements .
like an old people 's home but without the rip off
it 's like thad castles fake smile face but brenda 's redacted face instead heard it bowth
if you are afraid of students and teachers banding together to protest against you then fix the problems they are protesting about .
if the ph gov is so pikashook that international institutions are becoming less likely to validate and recognize ph accreditations and certifications one need not look very far for the root cause .
i have a ton of moras but the kansbol is my favorite great allround knife mine always hangs from the dash of my truck unless i 'm camping or hiking .
love the newer style handle with the 2000 blade .
sorry thank you for your submission but it has been automatically removed .
this model has specifically requested as measured by takedown requests that her content not be posted here and so to honour that request your post has been pulled before going live .
while we understand this can be frustrating or discouraging rest assured that if it was not removed voluntarily reddit 's legal compliance team would do so forcefully which would end up in the same result except with the addition of making us look like assholes .
still thank you for your desire to share with the community and we encourage you to do so with a non-objecting model .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bimbofetish if you have any questions or concerns .
i will respect your thinking and i do n't i have anymore input i think i can give or questions i still need to ask .
i do thank you atleast for thoroughly giving me an insight of what you feel about this issue i know it 's a hard topic to discuss without it becoming a hostile screaming contest but you did give your argument even though i still disagree it gave me a better view as to why people think this way .
i mean yeah but who keeps up with their wedding offciator on a regular basis ?
i 'm aware a lot of people have friends officiate their marriage but nicky was a friend from prison and like someone else said those types of friendships usually only exist because you 're forced to be together .
not that those relationships are n't genuine they just usually are n't permanent .
when you can move your units move away from the table right click ?
it will let you buy new guys and vehicles for money and research
antisemitic training may sound rough but once you learn how to bait out complaints at restaurants and hypochondriac doctor visits the rest is pretty smooth sailing .
why the fuck would you repeatedly press later instead of reading the warning ?
yeah mass adoption is far off and a pipe dream for the reasons you mention .
your average person just is n't going to put in the effort necessary to not get scammed .
there will probably be a storm of swords level of deaths .
cersei and jaime with jaime killing cersei and dying in the process of stopping the wildfire exploding the city
stannis in a futile stand against the ahite walkers after burning shireen but failing to hatch a dragon .
walder frey and a helluva number of other freys in a red wedding orchestrated by lady stoneheart 's .
roose probably shanked by ramsay like in the show but the blame falls on the ghost of winterfell '' .
ramsay probably eaten by his dogs like the show but maybe in a standoff against theon rather than sansa .
grrm intended a face-off between a direwolf against the hounds but i do n't know if he still plans this to play in .
you laugh but do you realize how important that is ?
through which roads it 's got no port access .
maybe if we had an island like sri lanka .
learning self worth was the best thing for me it allowed me to have limits of what i was willing to put myself through for another person .
weirdly the whole pick up scene and literature around it seems tailor made for people like us it 's not all constructive though .
your fits as usual are actual garbage and you have zero idea of what you are doing with the ship .
the standard null muninn ends up with 50k more ehp on shield alone with adc activated than your whole shit fit and it 's going to be doing 90 more dps at a longer range .
it 's also capstable and costs 50m less than yours .
that 's before you start getting absolutely retarded with 500-1bill isk implants x3 for fights that are going to be bubbled to an insane degree .
you do n't even know how to look at zkill for commonly used fits do you ?
stop these nonsensical rants stop pinging ccp members every time you decide to go off the deep end .
you do not know how to craft good fits .
you do not have your thumb on the pulse of the meta .
you do not belong at a table of peers to discuss ship balance because you do not understand ship balance which means you are not amongst equals allowing you to be present would be humoring a fool .
even the nerfed muninn is capable of chewing up frigate attackers/tackle with drones alone .
frigates can shoot drones they are remarkably good at killing drones even .
a standard flight of five light drones does not chew up frigate attackers tackle with drones alone '' unless the target has the awareness of a jellyfish and the fit of a moron even assuming zero resists and no tank you have almost fucking thirty seconds to react on average to being shot by drones if they can even catch you in a frigate and the average frigate is going to have a decent bit longer than that .
shine on you crazy diamond parts i-vii i really do n't like the funky parts after that and think it ruined the ending
anything that is n't on the amerikkkan political spectrum is a tankie ! ! ! !
actually makoto and ann did come into direct conflict with each other around the kaneshiro arc .
that itself could have been an affinity chart description .
i 'm pretty sure some people would comment on how the two of them patched things up with each other and are seen hanging out in central street considering it 's one of the few heart to heart scenes in the game between two of the party members that do n't revolve around joker being the problem solver .
your rent is increasing 10 in 60 days effective december first raise effective february 1st .
you will need to have the area by the water heater cleared out by december 1st or i will be forced to terminate your lease .
this is non negotiable as it is a health concern and damaging the property with the growth of mold and attracting pests .
i value you as a tenant and would appreciate the opportunity to continue our relationship however these demands are required to continue living in the unit .
if they do n't comply vacate them fix the issue and find a tenant who can notify you of a noticeable water leak .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
there have been times when i got a bundle on steam and they did deduct the price for games i owned so i 'm not sure why it 's not doing it for you on that one
how are you so dam perfect ... and thank you for making my day better 🥵xx
sorry your comment was removed because your account 's age is less than 14 days or karma is less than 100 for comments
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indianinstagramreels if you have any questions or concerns .
this is a warning by the government of the republic of turkey !
objective content to akp was detected in the comments you shared .
if you continue to do this your more social credit will be dropped and
it will reason you to go to si̇li̇vri̇ see silivri prison .
you will also be sent to the reeducation camp see imam hatip high school in konya .
if you write 2023 and send 10 lira to the iban number below you will have 10 social loan .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2asia4u if you have any questions or concerns .
on the piss '' either something that is not straight like a shelf or a picture or having a few pints down the boozer
now then daft cunt '' hello mate how are you ?
agree with all of this especially the hug part 3
the fact that they were able to engineer a functioning prosthetic limb delicate enough to write with in the middle of the renaissance is honestly incredible and i ca n't believe no one is saying anything about it .
i have a pair of sorel boots ive worn since freshman year honestly a good buy .
barely any slip on ice and they keep me warm
we can have this wonderful experience where we can chat all day and talk about your day and get to know each other plus sexting 35 min daily or cam 25 min daily is included
once evolving skies goes out-of-print those packs booster boxes moonbreon and rayquaza alt art will rise to the moon ! !
there are several ways to earn a higher apy than governance due to aenas rewards .
for example on algofi you can deposit algo and borrow usdc and usdt against it and just deposit them in the farm .
you can boost your farming rewards by locking bank tokens .
i 've wanted a treasure trail for so long and it 's almost nonexistent .
i know nothing about league but a friend of mine wanted to watch with me and my girlfriend plus she offered pizza so we just watched the stream at her house and my god .
if i can see how awesome that was anyone can lol
honestly the fact that they put it there makes me more convinced the opposite is going to happen .
they would never put out real clues like that .
sova since they teach you how to play him in the tutorial .
but i think duelists are best since their only job is to entry/take space/frag out .
your overweight grandma has heart problems that 's surprising .
stop buying into people 's fanaticism read scientific studies statistics and make your own opinion .
be advised though becoming knowledgeable will make it more difficult to bear with obscurantist bullshit .
afaik 46000ft is higher than the service ceiling for a commercial boeing/airbus .
private jets can have slightly higher but genuinely curious to know which aircraft this is .
the younger you are the more frivolous you can and likely should be with your relationship choices .
get in your 40s and you damn well better know exactly what you want .
as kate survived i definitely hope we see her in the 60th !
it is odd that traveler is all find sister save nations help randoms but does n't ask if paimon has any friends or home gon na miss her .
is there a paimonal village with paimon-beings out there ?
it works fine on apple devices just download the tor browser
for personal use i use an 2013 27 '' imac and a macbook both of these are pretty old and could use a refresh .
currently i use citrix from my imac to remote in to my work laptop .
it works ok but some issues with skype and zoom when using citrix .
what i 'm thinking of doing is upgrading to a macbook air m2 and then connecting both the m2 and the dell to a lg 34wn80c-b ultrawide monitor 34 https www.amazon.com/dp/b07ygz7c1k ? coliid=i2c5azfxw4ydt9 colid=1fi4cb0f2cwau psc=1 ref_=lv_ov_lig_dp_it .
i should be able to view both laptops on the display at the same time .
i assume i would need some sort of kvm for the keyboard mouse .
i 'm not a gamer and just use mostly web based apps rtc alliance and office suite of apps plus zoom and skype .
i 'm a cis guy currently dating an amazing and dare i say handsome trans-man and was thinking of gift ideas .
i wan na avoid things that may set off any dysphoria too so maybe a list of stuff i shouldn't look at ?
edit just wan na say a massive thanks to everyone for commenting ! !
i 've made a list of the suggestions and looking at them all now .
again a massive thanks to each and everyone of you dudes you 're all incredible and a major help !
edit 2 electric boogaloo i 've decided to settle on a trans themed wristband as well as a pocket knife for him !
thank you so much for all the suggestions guys i 've bookmarked them for later dates👀 .
you 're an amazing community and am massively grateful .
hello my name is spyros mpalitsas i was born in germany but raised in greece i 've been studying jw for over 1.5 years and i keep studying them till now .
i have lots of evidence that prove that jw 's are nothing else than an excellent business that keeps growing and destroying people 's lives all over the world for their own good .
before i start i would like to thank you all for your hospitality and tell people that they are not alone i was never raised by a jw family but i fight for all the ex-members in greece even from different countries and try to help them have a better quality of life .
i would ask the members of exjw if there is any greek member that wants to help me with my investigation so i can speed up the process and help even more people it would be my pleasure to hear your voice and finally make a difference and end this damn cult !
you can find me on discord polarbearde 1926 https discordapp.com/users/295949508964253696 there will be no voice or video recordings during the questions and all results of the investigation will be anon results .
gr-ελληνικα θα ήθελα να ρωτήσω τα μέλη του exjw αν υπάρχει κάποιο ελληνικό μέλος που θα ήθελε να με βοηθήσει στην έρευνά μου ώστε να επιταχύνω τη διαδικασία και να βοηθήσω ακόμη περισσότερους θα ήταν χαρά-τιμή μου να ακούσω τη φωνή κάποιου και επιτέλους και να βάλουμε ένα τέλος σε αυτήν την καταραμένη αίρεση !
θα με βρείτε στο discord polarbearde 1926 https discordapp.com/users/295949508964253696 δεν θα υπάρχουν υχογραφήσεις φωνής ή βίντεο κατά τη διάρκεια των ερωτήσεων και όλα τα αποτελέσματα της έρευνας θα είναι ανώνυμα
i have seborrheic dermatitis and was wondering how often you guys shampoo condition your hair .
i 've been reading that normally we ca n't shampoo our hair every day but when i only wash with water my hair gets extremely itchy .
if i do shampoo i just have the flakes without the itch .
should we apply conditioner or does that worsen the dandruff ?
my character fell asleep in a car but it wo n't wake up .
i 've tried leaving and rejoining but it wo n't work .
is there any way for me to fix this ?
my bf 25m thinks that there should be no all-female valorant tournaments .
personally i think there should n't be any issue with having separate tournaments at least initially so that it encourages more female participation .
later on maybe there can be teams who 'd be able to participate in the main championship .
he thinks this is so problematic.. women want equality but why do they want a separate tournament for themselves ?
there was also some things he said recently which made me feel the toxic masculinity in him .
we had a fight and i told him it 's hard for me to think you believe in equality if you have views like this .
i do n't want to break up with him because of this .
i do think he 's a good person but i feel like he has some kind of problem w women idk how to describe it .
anyway what do you guys think about the all-female tournaments in any game ?
been going at her as an astrologer for quite some time but second form is destroying me thx ! ! !
get a reddit community with 6 people each owning at least 500 coins
2. whenever someone posts award them the made me smile
3. continue doing this and everyone will gain 500 every time you all do the made me smile award
﻿﻿﻿﻿anything else you notice overall my first rep and it looks good to my so far untrained eye
at my school ap econ both micro and macro are offered together simultaneously as a 2nd semester course after ap u.s. gov .
it 's three separate ap courses during one class period for one school year .
consequently the combo is usually taken by seniors trying to gamble their gpa .
i was curious whether anyone else 's school has an idiosyncrasy with ap courses .
for example do you buy uncharted nathan drake collection or buy uncharted 1 2 3 ?
they baited and switched their vendors who paid tens of thousands of dollars for a specific location and then flipped it to a terrible cheaper to rent location the week before .
their events focus so much on getting more people in and not the quality of the events .
they also delete every negative post on their page .
they appear very greedy and only focused on money grabs .
they also continue to thank god for their success while they prey on unsuspecting vendors .
just be careful before paying any money to this organization .
should i try to flank it stand in the middle of/in front of team reacting to plays ?
for teamfights should i e as many people as possible max the aoe damage but they 'll all counter attack me or use e against vulnerable 1 opponents to try and get massive isolated qs off ?
should i look for aoe damage or duels/picks within the teamfight ?
elderly parents received an email looks ultra legit from a big international 5 star hotel chain .
the email was to thank them for their recent stay and enclosed is a copy of the invoice .
the bill had zero balance on it so nothing is owing .
it had someone else 's name on it c/o my parents .
the email didnt have any dodgy links no bad grammar .
it didnt ask for anything or request any urgent action .
it just thanked them for their stay and had a pdf attachment of the bill .
i told them to just ignore it however i am not sure if there is something they need to do ?
the hotel was in a country that my parents have never been to in their life .
what is the longest time you 've had with one atomizer on your peak pro ?
my question is do y'all who like women 's feet get excited to see one in flip flops ?
to explain a bit more i 'm only into male feet so naturally i get super turned on by a man in flip flops however i feel like it 's a lot more rare to see a man with his feet out than women do .
you know women wear heels and open toe shoes all the time so would n't the specific view of flip flops not be that much different ?
i loooooove seeing a man in flip flops but do y'all get like me when seeing a girl in them ?
this is the 268892nd time i made this shitty comment .
vocês já chegaram as 4 da manhã e tiveram que fazer essa decisão ?
ecuador is located in northwestern south america bordering the equator and has a remarkable variety in topography altitudes and temperatures .
highlands jungles beaches and remote islands are all pleasant places to visit all year round despite their general differences .
plan your bird-watching trips in ecuador with birds of peru tours and travel service .
the san benito medallion is a time-honored peace sign worn by people looking for protection faith and hope .
look through our collection of san benito gold plated pendants to find the best handmade pieces from our pendant collections .
for more jewelry items visit our site https kaashusa.com https kaashusa.com
i need a computer that is really fast at rendering 3d animation in blender i 'd just like to know if there are any recommendations with the components that i have chosen so far to be part of the setup .
i 'm also wondering if a full hd monitor will be fine for 3d modelling rendering .
hi i 'm currently taking the combo pill mono linyah for irregular bleeding caused by my nexplanon .
i was taking sprintec and when i finished my packet the pharmacy gave me mono linyah .
please correct me if i 'm wrong but are n't both sprintec and mono linyah generics for ortho tri cyclen ?
anyway i feel better taking the mono linyah than the sprintec .
i know they are the same i still have breast tenderness but i do n't feel the mood issuers and i feel like my bleeding stopped sooner .
idk is it possible that there is some difference or maybe my body likes this pill better ?
has anyone ever taken both and noticed a difference between the two pills ?
side note question does anyone have a remedy for vaginal dryness while on bc ?
are there any thing you can take to help ?
i have my opinions of who or what he is .
and how long do you think he 's been around ?
and yung multicab po ba pa-moa na galing banda sa lydia 's is dadaan dun ?
here is the link banggood foxwell gt75ts obd2 auto scanner https bit.ly/3nerd3y
the lowest price in my database is 915.19 on 24.10.2022.there 're already 2 records in db .
this post may be old if you 're here from google so just go here to get currently active coupons and price alerts for foxwell gt75ts obd2 auto scanner https couponsfromchina.com/foxwell-gt75ts-obd2-auto-scanner-coupon-price
i think it 's a nice deal with good discount .
this is if it 's confirmed the person falsely accused .
hello i 'm not sure who to tell this to so i decided to make this post .
about two months back while i was in the throes of grief i wrote a dead dove fic very dark about the mc being in an abusive/non-con relationship .
then i decided to write a sequel dealing with the mc 's trauma and something focused on her healing .
this weekend i posted a chapter where she finally has some breakthrough and just the beginning of healing .
and the response i got was ... .beyond expectations .
a few people commented that my fic was helping them heal through their own trauma due to past abusive relationships/any other reason and honestly that means more to me than any kudos on any of my other fics .
my writing is actually affecting someone and is potentially helping them and it 's so overwhelming .
i feel so connected to my readers because i 'm trying to heal as well .
i guess i just wanted to share this thanks for reading .
hey all hope you 're having a decent monday night .
background is i 'm planning on resigning from my current job to start a new one in a completely different industry .
i have been a full time employee of my current job since the start of july 2010 .
i recently took my long service leave 2 months in june and july earlier this year .
i 'm aware we get another month every 5 years from that point on .
my question is are they required to payout pro rata for the 10-15 year period ?
share your rogue mage adventures by posting your story or a screenshot in the comments .
hey i 'm looking for a partner to sync with and help me distress and get all of my pent up energy out so please help me out
was the same new fascia for a screen etc .
does the base model have a different sound system to the upper trims ?
my base model was marked premium sound system i believe developed by sony .
it definitely does😻 i 'm a m but i 'm a sissy femboy and very very submissive😉dm 's open😏
no requesting or posting links to game roms or isos or sites to find them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/emulationonandroid if you have any questions or concerns .
oh there was a link to the actual video alright
i wish i could get into a law firm like that .
in the firm i currently work at verbal abuse insults belittling etc .
are so normalised it 's practically part of the culture .
i 've regularly heard colleagues even senior associates being loudly and rudely berated i 've heard stories about people having things thrown at then or worse .
i 've been told i 'm useless and that i do n't care after working my ass off for days on a particular casefile with no guidance except a wish and a prayer .
some of my colleagues have pretty much turned to alcoholism or left the profession entirely just from their experiences here .
after all that despite people working for days without sleep or ruining the mental and physical health to deliver on time it 's not even worth it as a junior associate only earns about 1000 per month after bonuses which is barely enough for some people to maintain their cost of living given that this is a big-name in a capital city and people either need to pay rent to love here or drive .
im in grad school and last year i literally could not bring myself to watch anything more than the easiest to digest films .
for halloween i watched the three dracula movies including dracula ad 1972 .
from thanksgiving to christmas i almost exclusively watched the great british baking show and spring semester i watched the entire gilmore girls .
i 'm glad to know it 's not just me who in times of stress ca n't handle movies .
i did get covid in august and finally watched the lighthouse .
i 'm sure when i have a break i will finally out on everything everywhere all at once .
for now though i just ca n't do anything that i have to think too much about .
i need to turn my brain off a bit .
i 'm actually happy to see that carr is now starting to get the disrespect that outside of his rookie season he deserves .
it 's amazing how long he 's been mediocre but people still hype him up like he 's a top 10 qb
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/france if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't need to date a racist to get femdomed ... but i can sympathize with his struggle for it ...
wow no need to be an elitist prick because people disagree
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
are there any other pcvr headsets that are better than a quest 2 that are supported
did you just grow that mushroom next to you ?
ricin is toxic asf tf do you think i 'm hiding ?
yta and probably the dumbest parent i have seen on this forum .
he sure is and deserves some love up here !
i mean you left out vando who is shooting 50 from 3. .
your post was removed as it did not represent sufficient effort .
have at least 50 words of distinguishing info about the author hobbies musical tastes career aspirations etc .
this means that you need to write a minimum total of 100 words n
discussion about what chat platforms you prefer asking readers to check your post history and other 'post meta ' topics do n't count toward these requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
bicep curl with weight in front of shoulder x3 sets weight behind shoulder x3 sets .
tricep cable skull crushers x3 sets and tricep cable push downs x3 sets and that 's it
no father+no idea what grass is+watching anime instead of going to therapy=how you get pieces of shit like this
i have n't even bothered commenting this point because i 'll probably get jumped .
the evidence and probable cause details are literally sealed right now .
he is only a suspect albeit a good one for reasons yet unknown charged because that 's how detainment works but not proven guilty .
and yet i keep reading all these super charged comments that skip right to the death penalty .
i totally understand the excitement and have all the compassion for everyone here but damn .
makes me want to get the heck off this sub .
you could always add up the grams of fat etc multiplied by how many calories each one is worth .
we have a samsung french door model rf263beaesr but when it eventually dies we wo n't get another samsung .
a few years after we bought it ice started building up behind the rear panel inside the fridge causing the ventilation fan to make a loud buzzing noise .
turns out it 's a common issue with a faulty temperature sensor in these models .
had to buy a replacement sensor and install it myself fairly lengthy process and that seems to have fixed it for now but comments online suggest that it may not even fix it permanently .
also had problems with the dishwasher that came in this set so we 'll just stay away from samsung appliances entirely in the future .
i love seeing all the practical effects that are used in movies and shows
i keep getting errors on uploading my debug log .
at first i thought it was because setting the pi as the ip for dns would kill the internet .
but even without that enabled i got the same error .
it tells me that i dont have a supported os debian '' but the page says its supported so idk
ya you 're just looking for reasons to get worked up at that point .
this is on the fucking glazers and he should be moved on he does n't bring anything .
put vape juice in a super soaker to use as a flamethrower
deeds is a pretty good seller he has some other good shit a bit pricey but def worth it !
my thing to that is he 's been with her long enough to know this stuff about her already so id say its more his fault that he does n't do what she prefers .
she has n't changed from day 1 im assuming .
maybe he taught she would be easier to deal with or somthing but yea im on her side here and still think something is off with him .
if he knew her he would n't have to walk on egg shells because he 'd know how to avoid them all together .
which was part of the usage for the arena at the acc .
he 's been commenting on womens boobs making twitter posts about them
looks good for 6 days mine looked a lot worst .
then again tho i got a higher cut then you .
i started pretty early and started scripting and made a great business .
i could have probably went full time and made more money i was making in rl but it was big risk to rely your livelihood to linden labs .
i had newborn twins and my time was fleeting so i decided on my rl career than sl .
i did n't want my business to die a slow death .
so i sold my business and then my avatar which now i regret .
when i log back i 'm basically a no one now .
but i log in here and there it 's just not the same anymore for me .
ngl as much as like the one u recommended moriarty from fate is also cool u should try checking him out
i actually had some fun about 4 years ago now working on a flash game '' in ue4 .
if they were to make one i think the best model would be to base it on the now-canceled show since they had access to all of the multiverse flash characters in a sense .
also since it was the most relevant and beloved i think that would be a no-brainer .
yes i will go so far in saying i want a list of properties i sold with there profit and lost .
people who demean others for a living are not worthy of respect
unfortunately none of that exists on a high school level
i spent my entire life being hounded pursued and demeaned by teachers .
so have many of the kids i have sent to school .
there are good teachers in the military i found many in the infantry .
from logic and physiology to trig geometry and calc .
teachers in high school give a damn about making people think and learn .
if that isnt a demeaning profession then what is .
because you and i have very different opinions on what constitutes nobility
after care let them float for a while observe their vital systems blow a soft wind over their body let them bounce like a flat stone on a lake enjoy the moment not being selfish .
or do the opposite of this but ‘while in use ' still keep an eye on their vitality
although i think my saliva and slobber from licking your feet might be better than oil😏
nah that 's waaaay too much of a blue ball .
an arc with him powerless would totally work but an ending like that would be sour and wasteful .
2 andy 2 dwight 0 oscar 0 creed 0 the redhead
i find it funny how idiots in this sub hate on izzy by calling him scared when he easily could not have taken this fight let 's be honest alex was gifted this fight he only beat the weakest out of the top 5 ranked middleweights izzy wanted this fight .
we did not expect them to be that feisty that strong that determined said drueke .
at this point a big thank you to all the volunteers who stood up and are standing up to the evils of mafia land !
and shame on all those countries politicians and people who cower in the face of mafia land 's evilness .
take an example of the ukrainian people and their foreign volunteers !
lol it was n't even that he was chewing extremely loud he was just holding his mouth in a very weird way .
after i m done you would n't be able to sit down
but he 's not one of the hardest bosses lol
but far one of the best fights that sadly does not last long enough
it 's not when talking about career stats playoffs are not included .
mmm i 'd fuck them with my thick d if you let me 😋
if you are bored you are invited to come have some casual chats with 4,000 friendly people in our official discord server .
ios users discord has classified our server as nsfw .
so you will need to enable nsfw in your discord settings on desktop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
both you and your husband do n't discipline your sons or teach them boundaries at all .
as others have said declare it before they find out and be sincere in letting them know what you learned from it .
i would n't let it get in the way of me hiring you if you took that approach ... and i do hire for a big 5 .
honestly the b has pretty nice tolerances especially for washer only .
i 've seen many without tap and very small play but from my own and others experiences it flips so much better with tap/play
sorry my ice dragons was trying to act like a dog always diggin ' around
well look if you 're going to believe jesus hung out with a bunch of native americans before departing to his own private planet its not exactly a stretch to believe he 'd have a problem with caffeine too
i had hoped the chrome punk quests started around the same time the season did since i 'm almost level 100 and started the chrome punk quests at around level 80 or so already .
if someone is committing a crime your options are do nothing call the cops or confront the criminal yourself .
im pretty sure the 1st 2 at least are dyed but idk what they r specifically
det du skriver är inte särskilt konkret men jag håller med dig .
and one more question how did you apply icon theme for xfce panel ?
either made up by ai or automatically translated from another language .
hm i always saw her as side side character .
ps i only thought about laena and her daughters who all three are quite likeable and would get low votes like helaena .
if you are encountering a bug please file a bug report here https support.google.com/youtube/answer/4347644
if this is an issue with a paid youtube service such as memberships or premium please contact youtube 's paid purchases support teams https support.google.com/youtube/answer/7071292 to get help directly from youtube .
to get help from others with debugging please provide the following device info pc/phone phone model app version etc screenshots if possible .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
i stoped making them after i found out the design philosophy more importantly that the lead dev is a literal actual masochist that likes to be in horrible pain and punished while he plays .
which to me is a design aesthetic and approach i genuinely do n't think one can say can be changed
wanting a video game to very roughly dom you make a lot more sense than any argument about difficulty i heard before
and makes my entire viewpoint go out the window .
your post was automatically removed for being a link post on the weekday please read rule 5 https www.reddit.com/r/machinelearning/about/rules .
the moderators will not respond to questions regarding this removal unless you suggest which rule you most likely broke .
if you have a beginner related question visit r/mlquestions or r/learnmachinelearning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/machinelearning if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's a sale directly from geon on nov 12th if you do n't find one .
ebf although baby has had some bottles of pumped milk thrown in to keep him used to them for when i go back to work .
i think breastfeeding is difficult because it is relentless similar to how in my opinion taking care of a newborn/infant is .
it 's extremely consuming especially when they cluster feed .
but i still would n't say it 's the hardest thing i 've ever done ? ? ?
getting through my husband 's deployment when we almost went to war with iran was hard .
if anything i find it easy in the sense that my son always has good ready waiting on tap .
no warming or cleaning this or that all the time .
we were readmitted to the hospital and did have to triple feed for one day/night as baby was extremely jaundiced and my milk was on the slightly slower side to come in still within normal but with the high bilirubin levels it was n't cutting it .
pumping was n't hard my body responds just fine again just very time consuming for a little while .
that reallllly sucked incredibly painful to latch but luckily i cleared it within 48 hours .
i would say go into it knowing there will be a learning curve for both you and baby .
it 's a new skill you 've both never done .
try not to worry for the sake of worrying .
i see a lot of posts i 'm worried about my supply ! ! !
but my baby is gaining weight and pees and poos a ton !
! ... ... . like i have gad and a little ppa but my goodness just no .
you wo n't always and that 's okay but do try .
it 's one of the best and sweetest things i 've ever done .
the point was to put less sugar in the food not to keep the sugar taste with artificial sweeteners tho .
a reminder to posters and commenters of some of our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/askuk/about/rules
do n't be a dickhead to each other or about others or other subreddits
assume questions are asked in good faith and engage in a positive manner
no medical advice or mental health specific to a person content
please keep r/askuk a great subreddit by reporting posts and comments which break our rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askuk if you have any questions or concerns .
is it suppposed to be all dried up like this around this time ?
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
i never get why she acts like it was a surprise she had cholestasis .
i had cholestasis second pregnancy so did n't know what to expect she had it both times .
my baby was born so fast he was born on the toilet because i thought i needed the toilet .
she should 've been prepared as she already had it the first time .
wishes and prayers for the moon and the night sky nah 【mv】月と夜空に願いと祈り／nah【2nd single】（リマスター）
first thought it was a gangster who wants to steal his car .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyjoystick if you have any questions or concerns .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i always sneak attack all of them with a dagger cuz it gives good stealth exp !
on the other hand it seems like the best fk takers all played in the 90's/early 2000 's
is it that direct free kicks from good position have generally become less common ?
i like to think he 'll try to put up a stern father persona just to have it immediately destroyed by the girls
and just for good measure there are adapters out there like this one https amzn.eu/8xi3vwb
needs more testing to judge but multipliers seem just fine .
hey u/hamapigeoncoo a message https www.reddit.com/r/threadgames/comments/qo61wb/comment/hjn2ywx ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3 from past hamapigeoncoo has arrived !
sometimes i 'll get really tasty crispy fries and other times i get soggy lukewarm noodles .
recently the fries have been more on the crispier side but not the best .
6/10 passable but nothing to really want or desire .
they give you a shit load too which is nice .
i do n't have a five guys local to me so that sucks .
every time i go there i get something really decadent .
dairy queen in my town used to serve 9/10 fries consistently for years .
they became my go to when mcdonald 's went to shit with their fries .
i know exactly what i 'm paying for when i get it .
most of the time i get bonus fries in the bottom of the bag .
sometimes i 'll find some onion rings one time i found five chicken nuggets .
their nuggets are ok. not as good as mcdonald 's .
but i appreciate getting some extra without expecting it .
the workers at my local bk are pretty chill .
it wo n't even recognize the bk in my town .
why does this trex look like a old peeping tom who just got caught jerking off in the bushes ?
he must have been conditioned to think like that and did n't break out of his stupor until it was too late .
except it was n't originally it was but the blue checkmark is more of a prestige thing now for stroking peoples ego hence why as punishment they will remove your checkmark
the above has been truncated for length purposes otherwise i would write a whole novel about how much your comment hurts me .
shut up you stopped being cool centuries ago now you are woke lgbt immigrant country🤮🥘
i ca n't be the only one pointing out how much of a liar she is .
the team sale is an opportunity to go back to the drawing board .
i 'm excited about the prospect of dan not holding the pen .
i 'd love to be an idea person for gsg .
and if he 's angry over them they must be either inaccurate or untrue .
why else would he have such a problem with them ?
an 11 increase in police budgets would bankrupt most regions .
faze won a major so that they can cruise back to not being able to win a t round like in the good old days .
i always notice those era-correct cars in the background and they 're great to see .
that makes perception of normal human tennis players weird .
ya apparently republicans winning congress and setting up a debt ceiling battle and government shutdown crisis and crippling the government until 2025 inaugurations is a bull market catalyst
i just wanted to say that if you really want to study at conservatory there 's nothing wrong with reaching for the stars and chasing your dreams if you carefully plan for it .
if you/and your parents if they 're planning to fund at least part of your studies are willing you could take a gap year after graduating from high school to better prepare yourself for auditions next year .
there 's nothing wrong with going to college at 19 or at an older age .
stay one more year at home again if you and your parents are willing to do this get a really good piano teacher to help you prepare for auditions if you do n't have one already try to find someone who has experience prepping students for college auditions practice efficiently learn music theory trust me on this it will help you a lot with your music studies save up money get a part time job if you have the time and skills for it and just do the auditions one year from now .
doing this will also give you time and some experience to see if this is really what you want to pursue for the next couple of years .
chances are if you work really hard it will increase your chances of getting into a good school and possibly receiving a scholarship .
i know how you feel because i 've been in that situation too .
og bailey will forever be missed and this creepy new one hurts my eyes
your submission has been removed for one or more of the following reason s
your question does not include the research you 've done to find an answer yourself or why that research did n't answer your question .
this is a basic requirement so others do not spend time repeating your steps .
it is not a judgement about your question being too easy . ''
we 're looking for evidence that you 've made an attempt yourself .
please do not use r/diy as your first stop for questions we are not google .
please search google and r/diy to see if your question has been asked before .
check owners manuals tech support forums or contact the manufacturer .
have you already done some basic research and are still stuck ?
please include what research you have done in your question so that others do not repeat your steps .
consider posting your question in the sticky thread r/diy/about/sticky at the top of the subreddit .
ask your question in our discord server https discord.gg/diy in the appropriate channel .
please read our full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines before resubmitting .
if you believe this was a mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy subject=basic 20research .
do not respond to this comment you will not receive a response .
i 've been really curious why i do n't see more conservative-leaning news posted here .
like even major non-fox outlets go after dems sometimes .
i 'm happy to keep posting the other thing but you know you all can post too ...
it 's less so that they have a lower chance of winning but they 'll be more likely to share a win if they do .
that said though i 'm being a bit pedantic .
is n't he still the president if the company ?
the other thing with food is ukraine grows a heck of a lot of it .
and when they are being invaded many farms ca n't actually operate and ships that deliver the food abroad may not be able to take their shipments .
this is causing instability and famine in much of the rest of the world not to mention obviously does push up food prices a bit as well .
inflation aside food security and who controls it is a long term issue and i do n't think we want russia in charge of this .
first seen here https redd.it/kpq3rj on 2021-01-03 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' yo8u2u '' meme_template '' 23905
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=yo8u2u samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=100 targetimagememematch=92
i was in a neighboring country watching the live feed from the cameras on maidan square .
you could see the army shooting at protestors hiding behind benches signs and anything else they could find .
plus you did n't answer where you got your news .
sico hybrid 46 with asr mount and single port asr brake
i think there are several new players who have been as advertised or better .
maata husso perron and hagg were all considerable additions who by my admittedly pedestrian assessment have been what i have expected while occasionally flashing something extra .
kubalik has been the one player that seems to consistently step up when the team needs a point or two and while it 's a long season i think he 's the one guy i 've been most happy with
not sure i can ever go back and live a conventional life in the states .
i mean there is a part of me that wants to but almost everything back home just seems so boring in comparison .
last night i went to a festival in taiwan and met people from 10 nations and got to use my second language mandarin .
the amount of diversity i can find in the expat/immigrant community and just being able to immerse myself in something other than my culture are things that i instantly miss when i go home .
at the moment i 'm trying to see just how many feasible paths are out there that would allow me to stay abroad and have a good career .
this is me any place any jump any boost any situation it somehow finds a way to land in water just deep enough to fuck u every single time
i think i may have misunderstood the question but i 'd bottom to your top if you get my drift 😉🤤
two of those that are n't the same one and your willingness to sit and learn play and have fun .
rollerskater here but i would use kiss the ring or zero percent personally !
yeah while there 's no silver bullet to being a good lover there 's very simple groundwork that helps and that 's what op is after .
ways to get through that mutual exploration of intimacy etc etc
its not hit the lowest point for me yet .
terry 's farts aside team viren is 100 worth it .
maybe a few people have said it and i did n't see it but your therapist is n't a dietician .
beyond any psychological things you 're not sharing regarding food intake take diet comments with a grain of salt .
my whole family is just a bunch of annoying antivax weirdos who think basement dwelling youtubers and podcasters know the real truth '' and the rest of society is just somehow wrong about literally everything .
no real reason to continue speaking to any of them .
it seems to be a couple adults there so like him or not it 's not that nuts 🤷🏾‍♂️
i feed it to sick foster kittens who wo n't eat to get them to eat something because it 's basically junk food for cats
i really like roost but i ca n't justify how much their food costs .
i live near it and probably only get it once or twice a year because of that .
speaking as someone who was in one of those cities during those protests that is a lie .
but the triple will be an iconic bike in 20 years .
majority of people are beyond dumb and trying to use thoughts that maybe 10 of the population can understand is ridiculous .
then philosophers wonder why we have been repeating the same shit that the greeks did 2000 years ago .
i developed obstructive sleep apnea since my last medical .
i had to disclose it when i applied for my current medical earlier this year and it required special issuance approval which took four months .
so i 'd encourage you to go in early for your next medical so the wait does n't ground you .
what is required is proof that the condition is being successfully treated in my case via cpap and if it 's something ongoing like a cpap compliance proof is also required .
once the si is initially approved generally you can just bring the latest exam notes from your sleep doc and compliance report to your ame and there 's no delay .
that assumes that the condition has n't worsened/changed and all paperwork is on order .
you 'll likely only get one year per medical for 3rd class instead of 2 3 or 5 as is normal depending on age .
when you say someone who fakes a disorder i suppose you mean someone that does not have any mental illness at all and just want a place to eat or something ?
a doctor has to decide whether to let the patient in to the ward or not .
when you go to the mental ward in sweden at least you are led into a waiting room where you have to wait for said doctor and you can not leave this room for the safety of the patient .
if the doctor does not think this patient is in need of help they will simply let them out again and nothing happens after that .
with that said sorry for the long answer and typos there have been several cases of regular patients often with an episodic illness like bipolar that are let in the ward over night even though they dont really need it at that time .
i dont really know why but i suspect that its better they eat or sleep here rather than wreaking havoc down town .
i must say these cases are very rare and only when we have rooms free on the ward .
based on the age of your account and your karma you seem to be new around here !
thanks for submitting one of your very first posts to our sub .
we realize this might be a big step for you and we are grateful for your courage .
if you do n't see your brand new post it right away please do n't panic !
because you are new your post has just been held in the mod queue temporarily by our automoderator .
if your post meets our posting requirements see posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/exjw/wiki/beforeyoupost .
one of our human mods will be around shortly to release it into the the sub so that you can enjoy your new debut .
if your post is not released within 24 hours we may have determined that it was not best suited for our sub at this time .
while we may not be able to give individualized feedback for improvement to all posts that are ultimately removed please feel free to read our rules and try again with a revised post .
please feel free to browse and contribute to the sub while we get that sorted for you !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/exjw if you have any questions or concerns .
interesting so against the bills this year lamar jackson 144yds a td and 2 ints.. aaron rodgers had 200yds 2 td and a int ... stafford was 240 a td and 3 ints ... you would take those performances over wilson today ?
my initial overall rating was 100 with no p t .
then once my mh condition was re-evaluated i became 100 p t .
if your mh condition affects your ability to work i would definitely recommend applying for ssdi .
you do n't have to be 100 p t to get ssdi .
but what i was specifically trying to distinguish were the gcds you hardcast your 2s cast vs. the instant dualcast gcds .
maybe it was an in-game trade and it came with the name 🤔
between 1 and 2 i like 1 more but both are a bit underwhelming .
many cases throughout history of intimidation forced labor killings disfigurements etc all inflicted upon peoples by private entities who in the absence of government filled the power vacuum and essentially became the government .
the tough thing to me about all of this is when you empower the government to overregulate business you get poor results .
when you allow businesses to run wild you get poor results .
i hate to be one of those somewhere in the middle '' guys but i do n't really have an answer to this .
they 're dumping so many resources into animating a fucking card game meanwhile i still lose 30 seconds of every abyss floor to load time after 2 full years of play .
and people wonder why i say this game is shit .
just have a lack of faith in the government to enact some sort of change in the future when they can pull the lever '' and provide debt relief prior to an election .
suppose this just keeps happening the government keeps implementing ad hoc debt relief bills until your point 5 comes into play that students expect debt relief on a regular basis and governments commit political suicide if they do n't pass a debt relief bill before each election
sure this is very kludgy but is n't it basically a kind of reform of the whole thing ?
in effect education would be being subsidised by the government as it should be ?
hey now i 'm the one she 's betting with .
the dealer cheaper than local mechanics for my cars oil change was just tryna tell me a few days ago that my battery needs replacing according to their diagnostic thingy they run on every job and kept tryna get me to buy a new one .
bitch that battery is like 3 months old and i have n't had any battery related issues .
sound proof windows will help yes i actually bought for my place too triple layered .
sound passes through solid objects too so walls structures etc .
if you have n't realised singapore is pretty noisy .
i literally sold my bones because i just could n't wear them outside
you should 've known better than to wear shoes .
did cbt and learned i had trauma that was causing me to catastrophize and create a lot of stress in my life .
did a lot of work in therapy for 6 months and it helped a lot but still never could get to 100 .
i was so against meds and now i 'm disappointed i waited so long .
while i function and probably at a higher level than most i obsess about my level of dizziness from the moment i woke up til i go to bed .
bc the meds have really blocked my brain raving about being dizzy .
it 's helped me accept and forget and take the edge off .
my pppd symptoms have been all over the map but my most persistent is visual vertigo .
i 've had some of my best days since going on meds but i def did a lot of work and came a long way
dogs have them to their just less bean shaped .
in general they provide better traction and padding for the joints and tendons .
but with cats in particular they help with quiet movement and the sense of touch .
i do n't see anyone on this list going anywhere .
i do see some pissed off people in lansing and college station but with this level of money i just do n't see these two being bought out .
with that being said we have seen some crazy shit the last few years including 10m a year contracts .
enough boosters pooling their money we might just see something unbelievable happen ... .. nah .
if you 're saying aemond is 18 at that time and luke is 10 when he cuts out his eye then the most aemond can be when he 's maimed is 14
i can only see the credits posting in the history it even still says that i have an autopay coming on the 29th when i have two months worth of credit banked .
this is n't the only mahjong-related moment where the crossover between japan and china has caused me confusion ... xd
the palette was also an impulse buy for me and now that i 've got it in the mail and had a chance to swatch it i do n't regret it at all !
i love all the shades too and it 's so versatile 🤩
guess again 😆 actually it is a little better since then but still
pertinent information such as age location and a condensed version of what you are looking for can boost the quantity and quality of your responses .
22 m4r los angeles who wants to get kbbq ?
30 f4f f4t hong kong looking for new shopping friends !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4rasian if you have any questions or concerns .
per rule 4 this subreddit is not a replacement for real legal advice .
you should independently seek legal advice from a real qualified practitioner .
a non-exhaustive list of free legal services around australia can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/auslegal/wiki/freelegalservices .
links to the each state and territory 's respective law society are on the sidebar you can use these links to find a lawyer in your area .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/auslegal if you have any questions or concerns .
you can buy very extensive reference photos from places like artstation .
alternatively if it 's an object go to the manufacturers webpage .
they will have specifications photos sometimes even blueprints available for download .
if it 's a normal everyday object you could always take photos of it yourself use it for reference .
although payed exists the reason why autocorrection did n't help you it is only correct in
nautical context when it means to paint a surface or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant .
payed out when letting strings cables or ropes out by slacking them .
unfortunately i was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment .
okay i just want to make i got this right .
so the girl asks the guy out to the dance .
she later realized her mistake when she realized that he 's gay ?
a smithy should give you the option to slag them for steel
the crematorium set it to allow everything and double check .
it could be that there is a setting you have incorrect or the quality slider is set wrong
other than that may be a mod conflict or the weapons are zoned to inaccessible to the pawn tasked to do the work
would be interesting to see the pov of the bed
i do n't care what he says or what delusion he lived in
i could n't sustain it because i 'm not a fan of meat but lost 3 stone of seroquel weight .
no need to starve yourself just drop the processed carbs .
having an eating disorder wo n't make you get seen quicker .
it would just be adding a super hard mode level to your life .
i have the same soundbar and just ordered the rear speakers .
i was lucky to just check one of our online shops for electronics and they were recommended to me i 've opened the product page and they were available .
i ordered one set and after 5-10 minutes they were out of stock again .
the soundbar itself is not bad at all but definitely needs real rear speakers the virtual surround modes do n't help much .
do you have activist '' tattooed on your inner bicep ?
because you should get activist '' tattooed on your inner bicep ... at the very least it should be on your ig profile under graphic artist ''
folks know you 're full of shit and i 'm speaking the truth .
only one here deluded enough to believe you is the same person who hears those words from your wife in bed .
hilarious that they use simple language and make mistakes right ?
i have told about it to my closest family parents and brothers some of my closest friends and some of my teachers it depends on how we connected and how we work together .
to be honest it 's a hard decision to make i think it 's totally on the person who has it .
for example i have a quite good relationship with my grandma and grandpa but i could n't tell them .
i feel it would broke their heart and i also afraid that they would n't understand .
my family had known for day no 1 and they helped me a lot .
but i wo n't lie it was hard to make ocd understandable for them .
when i spoken to the specialist he advised me that you need a reset in your gut i was trying to take lots of supplements for constipation and it wasnt helping .
instead he said stop taking everything and follow a strict diet of tolerable foods along with fluids and some oil i was given to take 3 times a day i havent really been constipated since apart from the odd day if something i eat triggers it .
hello u/crack_fairy your request appears to ask for moral judgment or judgment on your actions .
per our moral judgment rule https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/ivahe5/meta_autoremoving_moral_judgment_threads_also any requests for moral judgment generally any yes/no questions will result in the removal of your post even if you ask for specific advice as well .
please remove any questions that ask for judgment of a situation again yes/no questions and instead request specific advice that could not possibly result in a yes/no answer .
we may not include messages such as this on future moral judgment removals for your awareness
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd not no i 'd be too shy to even touch you with permission nevermind that
i took a course in nursing class that covered this .
i also got an a lol i did n't get certification just from that though .
so i 'm trained i actually stopped my own toddler from choking with back blows .
santa gave him candy at an event we did n't see a cheap round lollipop that came right off the stick .
to help with picking out a middle name that can fit your whole name what 's your last name initial and/or syllable count ?
for some reason i have a weird thing about name syllable counts lol
my birth middle name is rae so i used it as my temp name while deciding on a permanent chosen name and i 'd plan on keeping it as a middle name it got awkward since my former at the time current step-dad 's name is ray and he was a complete ass so it got hard to use it over time .
i was fortunate to change the spelling of it to something masculine and not like his rei !
but idk if there are any spelling alternatives to scott lol
hugs do n't make any significant life choices while you figure this all out .
opt out of replies haikusbot opt out '' delete my comment haikusbot delete ''
joskus koitin ite kokeilla mut ei se oikeen olla muuttanut toki intissä tulis aivan varmasti paremmin tehtyä ku siellä se on pakollista
why did n't they show the picture of the actual guinea pig though ?
you can see data leaks or repair satellite and build me a facking station at same time
i linked the roadmap late oct '22 and it is not on it .
i bet you he can throw that ball over them mountains .
we fulfill each others need for love attention understanding help to learn about life and so much more .
the way i see friends is that they fullfill a need i have and i fullfill a need they have .
i used to have one friendsgroup to go out dancing we had the same need and i had a group of friends to just sit at the bar having good talks same need again .
people are free to chose anybody as a friend a needs filler '' and so can you and your old friends .
friends come and go because we do change overtime as do our needs even though we feel the same .
how do you stop missing people stop clinging to them like they are the only one able to fulfill your needs .
it seems you may have included a screenshot of code in your
post can someone tell me how this layout has been implemented using floats ?
if so note that posting screenshots of code is against
r/learnprogramming 's posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/wiki/index section formatting code please edit your post to use one of the
if your image is not actually a screenshot of code feel free to ignore
please do not contact the moderators about this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/learnprogramming if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd recommend that you do the online schooling .
i 'm for it for many reasons although mainly for the efficiency .
now some things to consider before you start online schooling which will be done primarily in your house i 'm assuming are as follows
make sure you keep your pc secure do n't do a lot of dangerous browsing that might compromise your pc therefore your schooling as well .
make sure there 's no major noise disturbances again i 'm assuming you 're mainly going to be doing this in your house that might interrupt you while you 're taking tests or studying .
make sure you have a good place to study take tests etc .
like a somewhat clear desk in your room that you can use a laptop on also put down a notebook or textbook if you need to .
11 days in a year is a lot especially to be genuinely ill .
it means you 're probably off about 5 of the working year .
if every employee did that it would have a huge impact on the employer .
it 'll be connected to the mega mall infrastructure that is currently in early stages so central will eventually be a sky rise apartment/westfields/carpark/space dock in 2040 .
with all the massive digging underneath and the hundie of thous of tonnes being plunked on top how does it all glue together without going jenga style ?
saturday night live has been doing just that for decades .
if you dont know of it already do checkout r/arkhamhorrorlcg if you have any questions about the game
also arkhamdb.com https arkhamdb.com for deckbuilding or seeing other people 's decks
some people do n't want to go through a fucking novel to have an answer that should just be in the title anyway 🤷🏻‍♀️
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cakeday if you have any questions or concerns .
you know if shaymin can be traded over home ?
well that 's all you can do when you 're helpless محدش متقبل المعاملة السيئة ولا الفشخة اللي احنا فيها بس اقصى ما في طاقة الناس انهم يدعوا ف يعني it 's coming from helplessness not confusion .
i am not nearly good or masochistic enough to hand paint them .
but thanks for the ebay link i just hope they ship to europe .
your reddit account must be at least 14 days old to participate here .
there has been an increase in spammers and scammers and we notice that many of them are brand new accounts .
you can override the account age requirement by getting verified with the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rapefantasies if you have any questions or concerns .
is n't that more of a systems admin or network admin ?
backend does n't necessarily entail how the internet works .
was just made redundant today what a great start to my week 🙃
i also think it 's too long but i feel like it was intentional
this subreddit is for news discussion memes and links criticizing capitalism and advancing viewpoints that challenge liberal capitalist ideology .
that means any support for any liberal capitalist political party like the democrats is strictly prohibited .
this subreddit is not the place to debate socialism .
we allow good-faith questions and education but are not a 101 sub please take 101-style questions elsewhere .
failure to respect the rules of the subreddit may result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latestagecapitalism if you have any questions or concerns .
nothing since they did n't ask for advice nor provide enough enough to give good advice .
they asked for info on how a table loan works .
they 'll likely just keep paying their mortgage at the same rate they have been for 30 years .
when you cant win a simple argument so you have to look at post history to find anything lololol
you know there is a place for this called wattpad .
why do people act like being a bride means they got crowned queen of the universe ?
actually most of us prefer not to use that label as it seems to offend transgender people
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reasons
it does not follow our title format https www.reddit.com/r/gamedeals/wiki/rules wiki_3._title_format .
any idea how they define an excess of those things ?
like if you buy a box of salt does it come with a sodium warning ?
as the title says i failed bec again ... . 1st attempt was 72 and 2nd is 65 ... this is my last exam and i 'm at the point where i do n't know what to do anymore and i have lost all the motivation
whatever firm the cadems have hired this year is not doing them any favors .
they do n't stop when you ask them to even when you explain that you 're already voting for the guy .
the dude has actually run a campaign so godawful irritating he actually lost a vote .
so i just started taking an interest in refreshing my math skills and wanted to start with algebra one .
i have pretty decent memory from middle school about a few teachings but could definitely need a refresher .
i was wondering though is there a book that will also dive into explanations as to why problems are solved a certain why ?
instead of just showing examples on how to complete problems actually give an in-depth explanation of each segment ?
today i sat doen with my np and we de-escalted the relationship .
i have posted before about the emotional abuse and i got so much great advice from here .
we had a long sincere talk with alit if crying .
they acknowledged how they 've treated me and how it 's not right .
how we both need to learn independence from each other .
we are going to support each other with our pets and i. able to stay in the house paying rent as usual but i. now just a tenant .
i was surprised at the amount of calm we both had trust me there were a ton of tears and i think this was the best break up i 've ever had .
i am hopeful that we can work on ourselves and maybe find our romantic side back but id not we both agreed the last thing we want to do is loose the close friendship we 've had over the last 7 years .
after years of share houses i 've got my own studio apartment about 60 minute walk from the city .
i know that might sound dumb but i do n't know what i do n't know so please let me know !
i downloaded the mod but it still needs me to have a certain amount of friends for a promotion .
i just picked up a crt for retro gaming and when i plug it in it makes a quick buzz then silence .
it seems to work just fine i just wan na know if this thing 's gon na bombard me with shrapnel at some point .
has anyone upgraded from the stock bilstein suspension to the dynamic suspension/adaptive damping suspension ?
unless book becomes the next kobe 9/10 times in the playoffs whoever we play the opposing team will have the best player in the series .
i remember having crushes on girls as a kid but also remember having intense crushes on guys and for a while that was all i remembered .
as i got into middle school i got into gay porn and exclusively watched that all the way into college .
now throughout this time i had many crushes on guys but also some crushes on girls .
but it did n't really click that i was bi .
then in college i really started to navigate my sexuality .
thought i was gay but then i remembered various crushes on girls i had including a girl i remember getting obsess with and wanting to marry as well as getting into straight porn and finding tits and milfs attractive .
now even though i am primarily attracted to guys i still like girls though it ebbs and flows with the bi cycle ! obsessed
as someone who is now 22 and part of the older segment of gen z i seem to have noticed that many of my fellow gen zs seem to have some serious authoritarian tendencies .
below i will explain some of the things that i think have contributed to this phenomenon
people who are part of gen z are more likely to have grown up with helicopter and/or overprotective parents .
as a result on this type of parenting being the norm for gen z people from gen z are more likely to lacking in independent living skills and tend to be more sheltered or at least grow up more sheltered .
they pretty much grow up in a bubble and when that bubble is burst they ask that their parents or the government come take care of them because becoming independent at an older age can be very stressful and anxiety inducing .
also when somebody lacks freedom and independence when they are young they tend to have less appreciation for these things .
gen z gets exposed to a lot of doom and gloom and that a lot of aspects of society are in crisis .
when people view a situation as extreme they are more likely to demand more extreme solutions to solve these real or perceived extreme problems .
the type of activism we see with the 'world is going to end in 5 years because of climate change ' activists is a great example of this phenomenon .
it is n't unusual for people to think that the things that they grew up with a normal and acceptable .
many people who are part of gen z can not remember a world without cancel culture and hence view it as normal which resulted in them viewing it as acceptable .
many people who are part of gen z are witnessing the dogmatic behaviour of their parents on culture war issues and they are absorbing it like sponges .
social media has created an environment where people are under pressure to conform to standards that are unreasonable and unrealistic .
constant censorship has pushed people into echo chambers and since so many people self censor extreme stances that are n't that popular in real life appear to be more popular than they actually are .
gen z spends a lot of time on social media and it is hard not to be affected .
social media can act like an enforcement tool for conformity which is more associated authoritarian mindsets and many people on social media including much of gen z are competing to be the biggest conformists for the likes and instant gratification from their peers .
many people who are part of gen z do n't realise that changing people 's minds and world is n't something that can usually be done over night .
when people do n't instantly change their minds because very few people change their entire worldview over night they get triggered and frustrated and think that the only solution is to force their worldview on the other person .
many of those kids who would have become our generations rebels or part of our counter culture are sent to a psychologist labeled 'mentally ill ' and gaslighted and drugged into submission to ensure conformity .
lockdowns and other covid measures stunted the development of gen z in many ways including contributing to many of the issues above .
many young people had their maturity stunted at the age they were at the beginning of 2020 and the lockdowns severely limited the ability of gen z to grow experience things and gain independence since they were all locked inside all day with little stimulation lots of social media and little way to gain realistic life experience .
many people around my age were in university when 2020 came around .
university is meant to be a time when young people grow mature accelerate their independence and get real life experience .
lockdowns significant derailed this and result in many university students experiencing what could be best described as an authoritarian regime simulation with universities excreting insane control over every aspect of a university students life during this period .
i want to suck dick for my first time and i want to get fucked from the back for my first time i 'll even wear a thong😋 early mornings or 3:20 pm dm me
i am so frustrated with myself for googling through college now .
i used to do so well in hs bc i go to class pay attention and that was all that needed .
i feel like i am wasting my own time showing up to a college lecture that would n't even help me understand anything .
what kind of ending do you wish to see in real life ?
it does n't do anything unless i set the color to be the same as the text color above it and i want it to be a different color .
i will never understand people who dip their dumplings into soy sauce .
it 's apparently supposed to taste salty but for me it always tastes bitter .
our topic for next week will be non-dual consciousness .
i want to post more about my struggles but i ca n't seem to bring it to words right now .
what i can say is that i 've struggled with having my kids for over two years now and although i used to struggle more previously i still will always regret having kids .
i never wanted any kids and i was basically convinced to do it .
i am a strong willed person so i have no idea how that even happened .
of course because of my disdain for children i had twins .
it 's hard to be a parent that hates being a parent .
im getting a vga and boot light on my asus prime h670 plus mobo 's q led .
i re installed the gpu and my boot ssd but the light does not go away and it does not boot .
repost as i screwed up the title before i 'm in a hotel near a convention center in the los angeles area for work .
i 've got the rest of the night free .
there are no co-workers for me to worry about i 'm here solo .
i do n't have many of my toys with me because business trip but i do have a vibe and some handcuffs with a timer .
the timer can be set from 1 min to 3 hrs .
the vibe is a little bullet for my clit it does n't go inside me or stay there its something you use in your hand .
being asked deeply personal and detailed questions about my sex life and fantasies .
i also like flogging leashes and being lead around by them collars bondage gags but do n't have any of that with me .
hard limits blood cuts scat disease pregnancy penis in vagina .
can you all help me deal with a long boring day ?
please respond here in the post instead of dms or chat
a place for members of r/skyriver to chat with each other
i 'm looking to play as female celebs in different scenes .
if you have an idea and a celeb in mind please let me know if not we can totally think of something and someone and have fun !
kink wise i 'm into anything except for blood/scat/death/feet .
i 'm into most taboos including incest beast monsters watersports .
my main kinks are facefuck anal big dicks big cumshots facials name calling spit slapping fisting clothes ripping rough/brutal sex multiple dicks/gangbangs groping and others .
i 'm open to play as any celeb below is just a few that i enjoy playing more than others but please feel free to suggest your own .
anna kendrick/emma roberts/brittany snow/emmy rossum/emma rose kenney/amanda seyfried amanda cerny sammy hanratty danielle pannabaker olivia wilde/kiernan shipka courtney miller jessica alba melissa funero katherine mcnamara constance wu erin moriarty/chloe moretz kate mara lily reinhart teresa palmer brittany spears joey king madelaine petsch bonnie wright ashley tisdale kristen bell selena gomez anna faris emily osment annasophia robb katie kassidy beth behrs vanessa hudgens melissa benoist dakota johnson blake lively kate beckinsale gal gadot courtney cox rose byrne lily collins michelle mylett aj cook ellie kemper kendall jenner kaley cuoco anne hathaway jennifer aniston hayden panettiere aubrey plaza jamie chung julie bowen milana vayntrub if you do n't see someone listed feel free to ask
willing to play tiktokers but please include photo of them .
im submissive so i wo n't be playing any dominant/femdom roles sorry .
the anime and rule 34 ideas just ask or send an idea as we can discuss more .
i 'm open to most but my favs are naruto/boruto dragon ball rick and morty simpsons family guy and a few others
also looking for any scenes involving gross old men drug dealers homeless men cops burglars truckers and others like this .
please message me on here or kik start your message with your asl and if you have an idea please include it .
thanks for reading this ❤️ i am 18 and all other characters and participants must be 18
for context i 19m am currently in uni doing a computer engineering bachelor and i love what i 'm studying
but just now my uni opened a internal transfer window to a computer science bachelor
the point is that i 'm currently in a campus that 's overly worse then the one of the computer science course
besides that the campus of the computer science is in the city of my family and friends and the city i 've grown as a kid
so now i 'm in a dilema i do n't know in depth the real difference between computer science and computer engineering
i currently like my bachelor 's a lot but the external factors as said family friends and location are making me question if is it worth to try the transference
are there any computer scientists/engineers to help me think if the bachelor 's are that different ?
even if you 're not on that bachelor 's what do you guys think ?
ok so my dad loves to throw his money away into mlms .
he recently asked me to figure out how to send this new one some usdc/usdt .
it 's called blue ocean society i do n't think it 's affiliated with the actual blueoceansociety.org https blueoceansociety.org their url is blueoceansociety.club https blueoceansociety.club .
nothing too egregious turned up when doing url checks .
it 's a fairly new registration is about the worst thing i found .
what i really need help with is looking at the etherscan results for the wallet they want you to send the money to .
they are allegedly in their initial investment phase 1 that ends 11/11/22 so perhaps the fact that there are only 13 transaction into that wallet is n't such a red flag but for an investment company promising 20 return in december and dangling 80 for the future i 'm surprised they only have 1.8eth in there .
i 'm just trying to figure out if this is yet another scam that my already-should-have-been-retired-but-never-did-any-real-savings-only-scams father is going to throw his money away into .
if there is a more specific subreddit that i should go to please let me know .
it was an eye opener and explained a lot of things about how i process information or more to the point needing assistance to retain important information effectively .
i still find myself having realisations that it was probably because of my adhd why situations happened the way they did .
at the moment i find myself really struggling how to tell people i have adhd .
this includes my friends some of my family and work colleagues .
i think i 'm overthinking what their answers will be and this is completely putting me off telling anyone properly without being forced .
by that an example is me having to tell people at work as my medication affecting my blood pressure which in turn has the potential to compromise my safety .
also needed extra help around the academic aspect of my roles .
if anyone would like to share how they might approach this or how to answer questions i would be grateful .
i think i 'm avoiding sharing mostly as i do n't have what i perceive as all the perfect answers .
this also terrifies me a bit as i do n't what to be embarrassed when i do n't have the answer the person is looking for is a satisfactory answer their question .
i do n't even know what i want out of this .
just for someone to hear me i guess or to process some feelings .
one 4 year old and one 10 year old .
the young girl is healthy so far but the 10 year old little lady is not so well .
so here 's my rant after spending another day at the vets office with the 10 year old and all the emotional chaos that has followed .
i get a relatively small sum of unemployment money but having to put every vet visit on credit because i ca n't pay it suck .
the debt just keeps growing and i hate how i ca n't just pick up some extra shifts '' on a job that i do n't have to get some extra cash .
i just want to get my diagnosis on what 's wrong with me so i can get some form of painkiller or treatment i want to be self sufficient and be able to work .
my partner works but can only pay so much of all the bills that keep piling up i wish pet care was cheaper or payed for in taxes or something .
i feel like i do n't even have time to process the fact that the vet told us she has a heart murmur today that has gotten worse since last checkup and needs to be checked out asap and also we need to decide on treatment for her arthritis .
we are going to a huge animal hospital a few hours away next friday because apparently examining the heart murmur requires someone specifically trained in looking at hearts or something .
she has basically never seen a vet before we got her and the health problems just keep piling up the more we look .
the previous owners should have dealt with a lot of these things years ago .
she 's on cortisone for her skin problems and they said that might be why her heart is getting worse but before cortisone she was so extremely itchy and licked most of the fur off from her entire body .
i am getting so overwhelmed with all the info that 's thrown at me all the time .
i can barely handle my own doctors appointments and my health and of course her health takes priority although that still does n't make it easy to sort out and keep track of .
i just realized this might not even be the right place to rant about this in but i feel like in here people wont just tell me to find a job and shut up .
so my husband and i are both on adderall and i was looking at his bottle because i knew it was coming up soon .
sometimes we do take each others when we go to grab our afternoon dose .
but his is due today and mine is n't due for another week ! !
should i call back and explain this or just jump out of the window now .
am i going to get red flagged or whatever ?
crap 💩 i 'm not taking too much or anything i just feel so stupid and she was so rude about it .
i know it 's not a bmw specific related question .
living in ireland and looking for a recommendation for a speed camera van detector which can actively detect speed vans rather than location stored on a database .
just wondering do any of you guys have any recommendations ?
feel free to remove post if it breaches the rules .
circle will issue a euro-pegged stablecoin on the solana blockchain .
the token will become available to investors in the first half of 2023 .
there 's this uneducated guy down on his luck who maybe just got out of jail or something .
believe he 's at the tax office or in some office trying to get funding where he 's asked to present his idea on paper .
he proceeds with handing over a pretty bad drawing he has made of a bus .
i remember it being sean penn but i just looked through most of his movies around 2005-2015 but could n't recognize it .
im writing a journal or story or anything so i said
pensabamos que llegarían pronto using conditional for the past action that is in future of the sentence .
vorrei presentare una proposta e ricevere consigli ma prima faccio una doverosissima premessa lo scopo di questo post è serio e non è una squallida autopromozione il perché di queste parole lo capirete in seguito .
ho da poco aperto un canale su twitch perché l'idea di fare dirette live con l'interazione del pubblico è una cosa che mi ha intrigato molto .
attualmente il canale è meno che minuscolo e meno che pubblicizzato ci sono iscritte solo persone che conosco anche perché ancora sto prendendo confidenza con la telecamera in primis la piattaforma in generale e la mia stessa idea di esserci .
vorrei chiedere a tutte voi ma anche agli uomini perché il mondo e la relazione tra i generi è fatta anche da loro !
consigli su argomenti che vi stanno particolarmente a cuore ne ho già un sacco di mio ma il confronto è importante e vi propongo di aiutarmi a costruire questo spazio per lo meno attraverso l'indirizzo e l'arricchimento che i vostri consigli potranno portare se non con la partecipazione nel più ampio senso possibile dal discutere in chat al proporsi per interventi veri e propri sia in video che in audio .
i am currently studying in thapar and also looking for colleges in mumbai through cet since i preferred continuing in mumbai and my mhtcet results had n't been out yet .
however i was thinking of applying through mhtcet and was n't aware that kj somaiya is n't mu affiliated anymore does n't necessarily focus on mhtcet now and also nearly charges the same fees as thapar and thapar has a relatively better brand name than kj adding to this kj 's average package was around 10 lpa this year according to the website .
i am not able to choose between the two what should i do ?
i am seeing people say that it 's not worth it since it 's not under mu and also that kj being autonomous is an advantage .
i also wan na specify that i am not dying to study in mumbai and only willing to come back if i got into a top college in mumbai/maharashtra .
i apologise for any mistakes i 'm really upset right now .
i made na appointment for bleeding in between periods i also mentioned that 1 time i was bleeding during intercourse i 've been in pain for over a year so i dont have intercourse regularly and i only had it once after that and i did n't bleed and that on 1 occasion i had pain in my ovary that spread through the whole right side of the stomach and that i also experienced bleeding with it .
my gyno send me to get a blood test done did n't tell me what the blood test was for and it came back normal so they said i should come for an appointment .
first she asked when my hysteroscopy is..i 'm on a waiting list for laparoscopy not hysteroscopy .
then she asked me about my pain..i said i 've been in pain since last september and she said i know i meant the one you mentioned in the email .
i said i had pain in my ovary and then it 's spread through my whole right side and that the pain was really bad .
she said that could have been an ovulation we do n't know 🤷‍♀️
then she was confused why i still have bleeding in between periods she said 3 times my blood results were normal .
then she said my endometriosis specialist wrote in my file i have no signs of endo which and she said that 's great .
and she proceeded to do the exam..a pap smer and an ultrasound .
all i know is she took 3 pics of the ultrasound and that 's it .
no discussion about what she saw on the ultrasound what should i do about my symptoms didnt even ask about bleeding i experienced during sex absolutely nothing .
i 'm also not scheduled to have another appointment..i 'm just so lost and confused .
i do n't know anymore who to turn to cause no doctor is helpful .
i 've been in pain for over a year and i 'm not getting any answers .
has there already been a state power king event on european servers ?
endowing full scholarships which include money to do normal student things and to live off of to low income students .
endowing generous scholarships to middle class students still way below the average family income .
no need to have my name on a building just want to ensure amazing people are n't limited by their familial income .
walter white what earthly element is good at conduction ?
holy fuck do a shit ton of work on your essays over the summer or you will hate your life
nonat1s does a lot of stuff beyond first reactions .
and as you note he approaches his subject with wholesome enthusiasm and even-keeled criticism .
love how ya just hijacked hd 's theme music .
i posted a desperate nausea post on here 3 weeks ago thinking i could n't survive pregnancy like that at 6 weeks .
got a prescription for zofran used it for a week and a half .
now i only need it like twice a week .
we require a minimum account age and karma as a spam deterrent .
messaging us to ask what they are will result in a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pussy if you have any questions or concerns .
i vote myself encourage others to vote give people rides myself if they need it .
i would absolutely expect out institute of higher education to be extremely involves .
other colleges are much more involved but alas the valley is sorely lacking in many ways .
yes it was the basis of the classic arcade game .
i 'm not new to following any of these people .
but i 'm just now seeing fucking paul joseph watson 's tweets .
i do n't know how you get the voices to say what you want them to ? !
have they said these things and you spliced it together ?
he began to lose people the moment he called the diver a pedo that is always the thing most say when they realized the guy is a asshole
not to take away of those great shots but those make the picture look like they are cheaply edited in .
i had a guy i messaged on old about i think star wars and brunch lines use the first text message we exchanged to let me know he spent the first 30 minutes of his morning jerking to my old profile photos of which none were sexual in nature .
my reaction was it 's way too early in the morning for this bullshit '' .
i actually had the app a long time ago too so i remember doing the paid version .
i was able to log into the same account and restore everything which was hella clutch .
i 'd like to go through and refine it again goal tracking is what keeps me on routine for things i ca n't bring myself to do .
and it was really crazy reading the diary entries from a year ago before and after i was involuntarily admitted to the hospital .
wlao sibeh hard leh but my frens around me say doable ?
not defending kutcher at all not even a fan .
but the only rolling footages i 've seen of him was him with craig fn jones .
i am sure craig jones makes a fool out of everyone he rolls with .
would love to see kutcher rolling against someone closer to his actual level .
kutcher wrestled in college he ca n't be that bad .
my other aerials suck though ignore forward air up air and down air
per rule 4 this subreddit is not a replacement for real legal advice .
you should independently seek legal advice from a real qualified practitioner .
a non-exhaustive list of free legal services around australia can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/auslegal/wiki/freelegalservices .
links to the each state and territory 's respective law society are on the sidebar you can use these links to find a lawyer in your area .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/auslegal if you have any questions or concerns .
interested in lillie i have alts in recent but heads up i dont think ill trade 290 but 260 will do .
hmu if you wan na compare who 's got the creepier family lol
only if you 've properly sealed your deck is it acceptable to give it a good caulk job .
i thought i was the only one with this issue .
i do n't get disconnects but i get huge lag spikes when i enter stealth .
when using abilities i lag to where i do n't see the animations for the abilities .
all my add-ons are off cleared cache and wtf .
ca n't tell if you 're new or just trolling lol surely you know what a kata is if you 're in karate
i think it gets forgotten about a lot because chan is n't actually in the video but his voice sounds so gooooood .
it really suits the song and matches well with tzuyu
it 's like the legendary elephant 's graveyard but for whales .
forget tusks let 's find it for the ambergris .
if you do n't have the capital yet try to use the lot for other purposes like renting it out as a parking space .
in regards to the lemon grass you need to know your target market competition the supply and demand in your area and respective consumers .
what r yall 's ans to the find a question probability from hypo
did a little reading and it seems it is the law .
person turning left on a green or green turn signal has the right of way to both lanes if there is 2 lanes .
if the person turning right on a red gets hit by the car coming from turning left on a green it 's automatically the fault of the car turning right on a red .
that 's kind of what happened the last time around the romans did n't exactly crucify people as a sign of their appreciation .
lol ... thats a pretty clever way to turn people against them then .
most implementations of homomorphic encryption emulate circuits where all parts of the circuit are active simultaneously hiding patterns like that .
it 's an interesting idea and the general idea has been around since the mid 1970 's .
long before there was such a thing as fpga 's the electronics industry came up with the idea of pal 's programmable array logic https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/programmable_array_logic
initially these were a matrix of and gates and or gates along with inverters https image.slideserve.com/235756/programmable-logic-array-example-l.jpg and you would blow the fuses in them to program a sum of products or product of sums https www.electricaltechnology.org/2018/05/sum-of-product-sop-product-of-sum-pos.html formula into them .
they were available in different sized pin packages and the hope was that they would replace many of the other chips that were simple combinational logic gates https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combinational_logic as opposed to sequential logic https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sequential_logic gates .
they were also marketed at the electronic repair industry with the idea being that you could simply stock a few pal form factors and be able to use them to replace dozens of different chips when you needed them .
but due to a number of reasons that others have mentioned here such as speed voltage and current range limitations cost c. this never happened .
advance things 40 years later and we have the modern fpga https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/field-programmable_gate_array 's that are infinitely more sophisticated and capable .
the general idea of turning a hardware problem into a software problem still has its merits with the thinking being that you can overcome limitations or bugs in hardware designs even after they have been shipped with some form of re programmable logic .
ultimately i think some form of fpgas will replace the quaint notion and ridiculous bottlenecks of cpu 's in computers completely with a ram-based programmable resource pool that is re-used as needed to implement the logic of applications as they execute but i think the hardware and software industries are going to have to grow out of their current mindsets and approaches before this is even possible and that kind of disruptive change takes a long time to mature .
if it was rearranged maybe but right now were safe .
normally i 'm better with puns but lately i 've just been daft .
is this a pub too or is my sleep deprived brain just being stupid ?
there are a few dwarves who would disagree with you .
but god forbid a bunch of harmless peaceful protesting nutjobs in trucks were honking their horns .
try to stay on topic we are talking about the convoy losers .
reply to this for edits i ca n't remember exactly everything
wow this is really giving me a whole new perspective and a lot to think about
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/housewives_porn if you have any questions or concerns .
its not grass but there are futsal style goals at fredral park near the new playground installment in wallsend .
its fenced in so your ball wont go far .
use a linux software like zoneminder and some web cams
looks like a great read about some local history .
saving this to read while i 'm at work tomorrow
i do n't have advice but it is so cool to see this !
i started knitting this exact stocking several months ago for my partner-my great grandmother made this stocking as well for everyone in my family 25 people and i had no idea the pattern was still out there !
i learned intarsia the hard way with this pattern 😬
your comment https www.reddit.com/r/firstimpression/comments/yp9t1d/can_you_guess_my_height_f28/ivi8zhq in r/firstimpression was removed because your account is less than 30 days old and/or your combined karma is below 30 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/firstimpression if you have any questions or concerns .
no you do n't have to replace the furnace .
any company that tells you otherwise is full of shit and just trying to upsell .
not sure what is available around you but i would highly consider an ecor unit .
their warranty is amazing and are top of the line units .
jesus you really told me i 'm getting pimped by doordash while admitting you also work for doordash .
so not only are you a prick but also an idiot !
when i get a craving i like to picture a deep deep well inside of me that has finally dried up and been covered .
the craving is that urge to pull back that cover and pour a bucket in .
but once i start pouring it will never be enough to fill that well .
best to keep that sucker covered up and not look down .
i did undergrad at a m as well that 's what i 'm referring to here .
i feel it 's important to add r/corgibutts is my favorite subreddit lmao
because the name either pisses off people or they find it funny .
i get way more reactions for the name there .
it 's the borders of our friends and trading partners too .
the world says this is the price of fairness .
whatever possibilities you imagine would have to be imposed upon those who disagree and international law sides with those who disagree .
i would be too if i get stuck in a pendant light
yes but propaganda has made the popular opinion that india is with russia .
all the work is done been at it for 9 months knocked 6000 doors schlect sent it to me tonight thought it was awesome yeah never post on reddit 🙃
her using it all of confirms that she has a stench down there
just googled it because i did n't know either lol
i like the sunset flag myself but the second one gets the meaning across better haha
bratty little curvy asian checks all of the boxes for me
a lot of things should be securities because there is an expectation of profit from the team .
i do n't think this will encapsulate eth and btc though .
every other crypto is centralised in the validator set or is clearly owned by a team with tokens .
there is something to be said to be inspired by your homelab .
r710 probably not going to do it for me personally .
heck i am even looking at r730 's and hpe gen9s funny thinking they are too old to run .
the r710 will be a pain to get going easily since it 's pcie 2.0 which is ancient ...
so if you were thinking to get ssds going easily you may want to look at a slight upgrade .
i would not consider anything older than an r720 if you are going dell .
the r720 is a huge bump over the r710 i would sell it get a cheap r720 and work from there .
and stealing the land from the farmers for corporate profit .
yeah they basically forced them to race under risk of being blown up
this is exactly my point like yes obviously you should be in shape and train .
but i 'm not seeing guys with budget builds do this .
being in shape trained and having g good gear is n't mutually exclusive .
both are fine on their own but this is bastardized witchcraft .
do n't know if it 's going to help you find this but i 'm pretty sure the two male singers '' are n't part of the actual track .
with this type of dance music possibly some sort of late 90s/00s happy hardcore or similar in the uk it was very common for djs at event nights to be accompanied by one or more live mcs what they did tended to vary a bit but would often include some rapping generally getting the crowd hyped up etc .
some of them genuinely added to the atmosphere some of them were just annoying .
many of them seemed to have consumed more illicit substances than most of the crowd so to be fair i guess it was something of an achievement that they managed to occasionally say anything vaguely coherent .
a lot of the bigger nights released tape/cd packs of the event and on some the mcs ' mic levels were mixed way too high to the extent that it kind of obscured the music and that 's what i suspect this is a clip from one of the event night tape/cd packs with the live mcs included over the actual music .
as for finding exactly this recording the specific song with the specific live mc s present unless someone happens to remember exactly this clip i suspect you 're going to have a huge uphill struggle .
there were a few promoters who put on club nights and released the associated recordings as tapes and then cds in that era in the uk and they put on multiple events each year .
you could start by looking for happy hardcore based on the tempo slightly pitched up vocals etc from perhaps the turn of the millennium onwards from labels/promoters such as dreamscape helter skelter slammin vinyl etc. but there will be many many hours of listening !
i would n't worry about the residue unless you are looking for an ultra clean board .
knowing that we can and really probably should win in every major tournament is actually worse in my view .
best case scenario is relief anything else is shame .
do you enjoy allowing almost half the charter to race for potential championship no matter how bad of a season they have ?
do you enjoy driver safety being compromised despite the racing product being severely diminished on all short tracks and road courses and some intermediates ?
i could go on but if yes to any above questions we are much too different to both enjoy nascar .
maybe it 's my fault i feel this way but i am very strong in my opinion that this would make drivers and fans happier .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bongbeauty if you have any questions or concerns .
david pawson after having graduated from seminary almost lost his faith .
it was a book he read after seminary that saved his faith .
i just do n't remember what book it was .
higher criticism which has so infected the theological colleges of the world that there are young men to go to college to train for the ministry and they come out without any faith because the bible has been torn to bits by critical scholarship and people have been taught to read the bible with a pair of scissors and cut it up into bits and throw some bits away .
but there are two levels of critical study which is looking for possible errors in the bible and the lower criticism is alright .
it 's the higher criticism that 's all wrong .
these are probably terms you have n't heard but i 'll explain them very simply because they 've done so much damage that i call theological seminaries theological cemeteries .
they have literally killed the faith of so many .
lower criticism wants to see if there are any errors in the text because we do n't have the original copies we 've only got copies of copies and of course the question is have mistakes been made in the copying ?
scholars have worked very hard to get back to the original text to make sure we 've got the bible accurately and it is true to say that now we 've got the new testament 98 accurate .
old testament is a bit behind that but you 'll realise that after hundreds of years mistakes are made in copying .
but for example when the dead sea scrolls were discovered in 1948 by that bedouin shepherd boy throwing stones into the cave we discovered a complete copy of isaiah which was 1000 years older than all the copies we had up ‘til then .
up ‘til then the old testament was translated from copies of the old testament which were dated 900 ad but the dead sea scrolls were dated 100 bc and so our knowledge of isaiah was in one swoop taken back 1000 years and word went to america where the revised standard version of isaiah was just being translated hold everything we 've got a copy that 's a 1000 years earlier but when they checked it out they said to the americans you can go ahead .
it 's been so well preserved over 1000 years that only a few things will need
now lower criticism seeks to get back to the original text and i 'm all for that the more accurate we 've got the bible the better right ?
but it 's higher criticism that does the damage .
higher criticism says that even when you get the original text people could still be mistaken .
and it 's higher criticism that does the damage and scholars who approach it this way do it with their own subjective premises or presuppositions and many of them come to the bible and say well the miraculous is impossible .
science has proved that miracles do n't happen so when they get to a miracle in the bible they say that must be a mistake cut it out .
and it 's that higher criticism that has destroyed people 's faith in the bible and that is a deadly way of studying the bible .
reliable work horses just keep an eye on that cvt .
dude was making some reels and literally suctioned his ass right over another guys dick area while the guy was trying to lift weights and moved it around and grinded on him for like 10 seconds .
oh you know because it 's funny and that 's totally what straight guys do for fun and according to james he 's totally secure in his masculinity. yea ... uh huh .
i think someone just likes to rub their ass against another guy 's dick .
😂 me thinks ol ' jamesy boy is trying to tell us something .
i have a few questions for this young lady 's father has anyone seen him around ?
syletis claim that sylet is a part of london now i 've to hear this shit ?
you better not put the reddit curse in him i swear to god
theory cashing in mitb and failing on a mid-card title that he 's already won before was the absolute worst way to get his briefcase cash-in over with .
i rely on having a thick coat that keeps me warm .
i also tend to prefer to be slightly cold because i ca n't stand feeling overheated .
nah bruh but i wish my bf had the same mindset as you
they can but they did n't because they did n't know how to spell and english speakers did n't know how to spell irish names .
after hundreds of years of people naming their children shawn if they do n't have any irish nationalist sympathies why would they change the spelling ?
do the leadbursters actually stick to bugs or no ?
i 'm a ps4 player so i cant play season 3 yet
ofc they will do most int dmg like lightning arcane or nature .
but that is various due to build variety also ppl use lightning nature arcane hex poison etc dmg .
so in order to be resistant against all if that i need 8 different gems wich does n't make me tanky against any .
but i know for a fact that there is at least 30-40 of the dmg coming as thrust .
so why would n't i just negate the dmg i know is coming the most .
yeah totally relate to this i 'd say find something internal within your school and get to know people .
doing that has really helped me plus it helps with building connections with future employers .
a power plant consumes 20 cans of diesel/h 0.56 l/s so 3 plants 60 cans/h .
also pipes choke at 0.25/0.5/0.75 l/s they just do n't show the second decimal .
the only way to reduce the amount of can consume is to choke the pipes at something below that 0.56 l/s consumption .
which would be choking at 0.25 l/s 45 or 0.5 l/s 90 .
be aware that doing that will result in less gsup production as well because it will only be powered intermittently .
and because of the wacky flow mechanics will cause the power plants to not all be powered at the same time .
this happens because they do n't all receive the fuel at the same ticks so it slowly starts to desynchronise .
so if you want staggered power you need to have each power generator on a seperate power grid otherwise it does n't work .
good luck i really hope it resolves itself quickly !
do n't be afraid to keep pushing for medical help if it does n't .
the big context here was joey essentially feared marik so he stalled and played very passive early on which is literally mentioned something joey never does in other battle city matches and it cost him big time via helpoemer 's effect .
then as you said marik chose not to take him seriously so he dueled with the intention to drag out the duel not so much to win which was encouraged due to joey 's passiveness .
so basically the point is joey failed to capitalize on the opportunity and that neither side played normally .
it looks like it could be placed in a sci-fi first person shooter
all he does for me is stop counters with cynical fouls and get yellow cards .
very important role no doubt but still once i get better players i always offload him .
man skal ikke undervurdere viljestyrken når en dreven narcissist øjner en mulighed for at indtage en scene .
lad det ikke komme bag på nogen hvis hun en dag kørte galt i trafikken og fløj 12 meter ud af sin forrude og stadigvæk formår at livestreame det med et musik track pumpende henover videoen .
what am i going to do with a table without breasts ? ! ''
i 'd like to add another load of cum on her face ! !
please direct this content to the daily discussion instead .
see our expanded rules https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/expanded_rules wiki_rule_v_-_content_standards wiki page for more details about this rule .
it 'll be a lot of cod matches over just 4 days if that 's the case .
i hope at least stream b has commentary plus camera-work going on and not just the main stream .
maybe give iholdshift or some other challengers commentators a go on stream b c or d .
like go make your own platform like reddit ... ... ... oh that 's right you ca n't .
my solution was switching to a creative zen after itunes refused to update properly on windows and i lost access to my library .
i really loved that music player though it did n't have the sleek form factor it was cheaper with more storage and decent interface where you could just drag and drop files into .
i owned an ipad a few years back because it was required for study and had such issues getting documents off the damn thing .
never could properly locate files outside the dedicated ios apps which was far from pleasant when needing to manage documents .
since i was used to word i never got along with the apple equivalent as well .
we were required to airdrop things in classes and getting powerpoints set up was never smooth or intuitive .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twobestfriendsplay if you have any questions or concerns .
i went through the entire list i can say i 'm right .
these are foreign operators that have roaming agreements with one of the 4 mobile operators in egypt .
54 for 10g or 17 for 1gb and so on !
if you travel to egypt and try to get an esim from any of the four operators you wo n't find any !
but you can get a good old physical sim card with a rate plan that gives you around 70gb for less than 25 !
i could also just activate roaming on a us based tmobile esim and pay them 10 per day for 1gb while in egypt just so i can say that i can have an esim working in egypt !
i never stop building so the industry supporting it always needs goods and then depending on you either go wide or tall with sectors only problem i have so far is market interface as i want to see how much stuff i make/trade not my whole market it gets confusing a bit when you enter a big market like british
la la land when harry met sally the last jedi have all changed as i 've come to understand more about my life and film and relationships lol
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mina_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know bankers today are far less likely to be massacred by thier governments today .
there 's no universe where a life starts 'depending ' on 5-star breakfasts .
a sane person would know this is deal is too good to be true and would go away one day .
i do n't want it to fail i want to decline just enough to force '' bliz to rework monetization in order to keep the players and regain what they lost .
if mvp still stands for most valuable player steph is definitely at the top .
the way the warriors are playing right now we would be extremely lucky to win one game without him lol .
it 's game 4 vs the celtics all over again .
he is leading the warriors in points assists rebounds if looney has n't overtaken him by a single digit rebounds steals and he scored 30 points in 8 out of the 10 games so far the most 30 points games to start a season in his career .
a lot of car companies are unionized i 'm not sure he 's prepared for actually dying on this hill lol
when i 'm posting new content i 'll add it to the rounds
yes this we definitely wish to be divided from the buttery bois ... at least i know i do .
ok that has to be the most creative insult i 've seen in the past few weeks hats off
they finally gave me my number as well today and it looks like exactly what you would 've received from the class action anyway .
as a grom the paunch stan i vehemently disagree with you sir .
it has been removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/square-conference-89/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
please note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
i honestly do n't get it how does having one tong slightly larger make it any more effective for cutting cake ?
am i just stupid or would any fork be equally as effective at cutting into a soft pastry ?
absolutely agree the guy is shit but this is n't the way .
hey do you know that you have rights to defend yourself ? ''
i have a drawer microwave so i 'd forgotten about the standard over-the-stove ones .
lmao its hilarious honestly 😭 he was so ungrateful .
i spent hours learning to play that stupid game which initially scared tf outta me bc it 's like a horror game and when i asked if he could play mc with me he said no bc it 's boring 💀 he 's such a horrible person lol
you probably did n't meet the stat requirements so you were n't able to wield it properly .
it does n't really have that high requirements just 14 in both str and dex .
my trans man friend loves his though i do n't really understand the shark meme lol
you have obviously no obligation to give them back .
but if the gift giver says i 'd appreciate to get my gibt back since you had no use for it '' morally it 's totally wrong to then give the gift to a 3rd party rather than return it to the gift giver .
this post has not been approved for a variety of possible reasons .
1 when posting an image or video you will also need to add a 300 character or more review or description added as a comment before the automod or mods can approve it .
2 if you are asking a question about vinyl or your setup please post it in our weekly questions thread here https www.reddit.com/r/vinyl/about/sticky .
3 or sometimes posts from newer/less active users are removed due to a low comment karma score .
please message the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/vinyl and they will take a look at your post as soon as possible .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vinyl if you have any questions or concerns .
it looks like transmission fluid was my first thought but there seems to be too much of it and the spread is too far .
the cooling system is under pressure which could explain the wide area of fluid .
busting something like the lower radiator hose or even the radiator itself especially with the front bumper torn could allow the coolant to cover a good distance .
also the splash from his arm when he falls at the end sounds like something water-based rather than oil based .
this is way more analysis than the fluid on the ground deserves .
it 's inflation season time to bust out the ol inflation hats and jerseys to prove how genius i am becoming
i do n't like any of the candidates and even if i did there is a zero percent chance my vote makes a difference .
so it literally does nothing aside from waste a little time .
if races were decided by 10 votes or something i probably would .
but i prefer not to participate in a system where no one represents my values .
if possible you can set a virtual background too .
not sure how you think this is anything like the cuban missile crisis .
i 've been a currency trader for a while it has its ups and down .
saw someone make a vid with a heap hints that they 're returning .
i had a dream that i was linked up with a heap of people to try and raise energy to do something specific .
this is like when twitter grandfathered in gif pfps and anybody who wanted to keep a gif pfp had to use their pfp from the day the change happened forever
i was forgetting the 11t does n't have spline cutouts for its full width and the outside is face designed to help keep the lockring secure .
most even aamir does n't watch his single movie so aamir is n't passionate right ? ?
we went after lunch and left and had dinner and came back for the club
i think that kalani 's signature move would have to be something involving floor work .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=cold_swerve .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
they do n't get their name out in any large scale race unless big money is involved
hurm1t reacts https youtube.com/channel/uc8o67gwnmzs0dvi4sscekjq this is his current channel .
he had another channel just called hurm1t but it got demonetised so he made this one .
he did start uploading his old videos to this channel but some of the others might still be on his old channel .
sorry the peel eating reminded me of a tifu i read awhile back where the ops fiance ?
and family ate the orange peels and got super offended when op refused .
my own desk and space is at home now .
it 's nice to not have to work with a 5 mouse and with peace and quiet .
my morale has taken a hit going into the office .
my condolences.are you in a ok state to even share this ?
they provide a high interest on deposits because they can easily generate a higher apy on those deposits using their own investment vehicles .
for a while this was easy in crypto because of the incredible amount of investment vehicles that are not yet regulated .
celsius and ftx for 100 sure did n't start out as scams and received financial backing from reputable institutes on their business models .
but as the crypto market changed it became unsustainable and people like maschinski decided to rescue themselves rather than the depositors .
so yes it is easy to say now that an 8 apy is unsustainable but this is n't the moment to go running around saying hah is n't it obvious ? like we are the smartest guy in the block .
you are about 1 year late with that realization .
it means that the court heard an ex-parte '' that means one-sided request to motion or make a filing to the court that will not be made public .
this is commonly when one side wants to provide the court with evidence or a motion or a request that is privileged prejudicial or otherwise eligible to be sealed from the public .
for example if the court required a party to make a financial or medical disclosure in connection with a case the responding party could ask the court ex-parte for permission to file the response under seal so it 's not public .
yisan the wanderer bard https cards.scryfall.io/normal/front/6/5/65cd97cd-6d6e-4512-a050-6851b7527567.jpg ? 1562788157 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=yisan 2c 20the 20wanderer 20bard sf https scryfall.com/card/m15/209/yisan-the-wanderer-bard ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/65cd97cd-6d6e-4512-a050-6851b7527567 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/yisan-the-wanderer-bard
nikya of the old ways https cards.scryfall.io/normal/front/0/d/0dcdad71-323e-41e0-a1b3-9fd5b753e71c.jpg ? 1584831692 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=nikya 20of 20the 20old 20ways sf https scryfall.com/card/rna/193/nikya-of-the-old-ways ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/0dcdad71-323e-41e0-a1b3-9fd5b753e71c ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/nikya-of-the-old-ways
i wanted halloween but all i got was alien invasion .
your message that conservatives love to abuse children sexually is correct .
if you vote red they 'll crawl in your bed .
at a simmer the amount of water used for most stocks will be more than enough protection for the solids to not burn even if they sink to the bottom .
in my experience it does help clarity straining through a cloth to keep the clarity .
you are right about the chest decal it 's not dead even .
i 've noticed that sometimes the decals will slip a little as i try to lock in the placement .
i imagine i 'll get better at that with more experience .
i have n't painted it yet and i 'll need to make sure to duplicate the decal placement .
nta.. maybe it 's a conversation to have in the very near future so it does n't fester .
explain how you felt at the moment and take it from there .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
can you provide some strategies to minimize suffering by reducing desire ?
not only an excellent depictions of the tribulations of working life but also gives wonderful insights into the anime industry with a lot of allusions to actual real life people and events .
i wrote a tip below about folding the bottom edge thats a game changer .
i would start the roll with the crutch get herb packed tight and your paper edge lined up even .
use one hand to hold the line at the middle and use your other hand to start tuck with your thumb .
place your thumb so that you can dig your nail in at the papers edge and squeeze the crutch a lil as you set the paper this will keep the tuck tight .
then press your pointer finger against where your thumb is tucking to hold it in place as you start rolling and move your thumb up and away .
your other hand should be tucking down the line to keep the paper even .
lick only the crutch end of the gum and get it glued straight if the other end is messy you can use both hands to re roll/tuck since the crutch is already glued in place .
personally i 'm glad leftists and other disingenuous cretins have been getting away for years with purposefully temporarily masquerading as other people so they can specifically screenshot themselves saying something egregious whilst pretending to be them so they can make said people look horrible online .
i used to run five tens and then when i bought a pair post adidas takeover i was super letdown .
the pity system if you can call it that was added to the jp version of the game this year .
as such it will not be added to the english version for another two years .
there are several on https instances.social some more active than others .
the .ca instances like mstdn.ca are the most obvious ones but there may be others .
the easiest time to add insult to injury is when you 're signing somebody 's cast. – demetri martin
ya draymond and looney only score well when they do n't take a lot of attempts .
if we went to them more they 'd be guarded harder so their efficiency would go down .
for me 90 of games lost is because of a worse tank player that is out tanked by the enemy tank .
literally a good zarya dva rein or sigma can just hard carry the team .
if i were to make an all purpose rune page it would go as follows .
note this is for tanky rdyr prowler qdyr and divine sunderer/tri force/stridebreaker qdyr i also think these runes lean more towards qdyr but certainly viable for rdyr .
i would still recommend adjusting a rune page most games to either qdyr or rdyr at the end of champ select because conq is definitely better for rdyr .
i did ask for one on my first order .
was n't much of a discount and i had to wait a day to get it .
i did n't ask for one on my other orders .
witchbrook would be my out of left field knock me over with a feather surprise appearance wish .
emo is n't worse than goth and they do n't understand emo any better either they 're being dicks if they 're saying it to get under your skin but it 's not cultural discrimination it 's just bullying .
imho poll inertia has always been one of the biggest flaws in our ranking system .
the fact that everyone seems to be talking about the differences between week 1 oregon vs week 10 oregon but not week 1 georgia vs week 10 georgia when discussing the outcome of this game being played today are a testament to this .
the only truly measurable thing here when we 're talking about a common victorious opponent is the final score and for whatever reason bringing that up seems too much for some fans to bear .
there 's a reason no other major sport focuses on poll inertia as a viable metric but college football ranking voters and talking head experts have us believing it 's as important as the win/loss record .
you wan na drag everyone together but when the shoe is on the other foot ... .then you have issues .
so that information is directly contradictory to the information in the original post .
so now i 'm between believing direct quotes from weaver on her position or the opinionated translation of john carlos some random writer for the p c who says she stands for the opposite .
so you are one of the maybe two or three spanish ones in any of the tnc so-called gangs ?
i heard they handed one of their own to cbg out of fear of k4k creeping into the hood '' on bikes from westchase on that nice ass trail over there .
the problem is most independents are n't actually in the middle .
they 're at both extremes father to the left or right of both parties .
that is the powerball lotto ammount rn as no one won in a while .
i bet he 'd flick the fuck outta a paper football
the nuts kicking tournament is what i 'm looking forward the most
the bass in this track is soooo good dude it really adds that emotional hit .
first place is automatic the only other promotion spot comes after a playoff .
really really want to have a strong next few months to put us in good shape to get first and auto promotion
it 's a rogue-like dying is kind of part of the gameplay
while what you said is true it lacks a little context .
so if you are going to do less reps you will need more sets to compensate .
many studies actually claim that the total number of sets per muscle group is the main factor in hypertrophy .
god i dream the packers can get him to replace mercedes lewis .
i have 3 lines two iphones and a pixel 7 .
it works fine the price has gone down since i signed up and verizon 's network is available in 98 of the places i go .
two of the lines came from other providers one from google fi and the other from cricket mobile .
i do miss google fi since they used 3 different provider networks but it 's cheaper than fi .
the app is n't very fully featured but whatever .
the spectrum customer service has so far always been helpful .
i like being able to go to my local spectrum store and get things done quickly if i need to .
the only complaint '' i have is that they really only officially support apple samsung google motorola and now orbic ?
while other brands may work it 's not a guarantee and they may not even issue you a sim for an unsupported phone such as a oneplus .
i have n't personally tried it but i did a lot of reading before choosing between oneplus and the pixel 5 a couple years ago .
why the guys who like to yell freedom of speech are the firsts on censoring whatever they do n't like ?
as someone who does n't know why i would ever need a needle while mounting specimens .
out of curiosity on how to make my collection better .
it 's really kind of crappy to talk about looking for a soul mate or a relationship when you 're still married .
tiffany tania have n't even filed paperwork for divorce yet .
take care of that business before starting anything new .
you had really bad reaction to caffeine so that 's how it motivated you to stop ?
that 's how i decided to quit alcohol i was sick all the time ...
problem with caffeine is i am not sick enough .
i always think 'one coffee wo n't hurt ' ...
ran like a dream on my 19 '' 900p screen .
i just farmed iron in new world during my meetings today .
probably hidding somewhere and help bloodline to win the match
ted cruz popping heads from across the map right now
speed of the tesla alone is all they need 0-60
people who buy actual aspirational cars do so for the exclusivity luxury and driving dynamics .
hell i traded my model 3 lr/awd for a comparatively very slow mini clubman s because due to its size weight and suspension tuning it handles way better both for daily driving and even for track use than the model 3 could dream of .
if you knew literally anything about cars you 'd know that acceleration is not the only factor in performance .
that must be why young youtube/tiktok/insta content creators needing to cater to a young audience are buying only teslas ... not .
since you simp for tesla so badly you of all people should know that literally one of the main things tesla brags about is their factory 's automation and use of modern production techniques and robotics .
to get truly close to handmade you need to be in the realms of koenigsegg and pagani where individual bolts are made bespoke for each car .
that 's very odd given how car driver listed the lucid air as 2022 car of the year .
or how other reviewers/content creators love tesla ... no wait .
doug demuro loves the rivian and complained about tesla quality .
throttle house pointed out the plaid 's flaws in handling and braking under track conditions .
matt farah prefers the taycan to the model s ... perhaps you get the point but i 'm sure you do n't .
these are all pretty heavy hitters in the car world who have driven all the competition and while they generally agree tesla makes a fine product they certainly do n't say they 're the best let alone have won the game.
best i can put on there since i only have a cd drive .
i live in london and see the best quite often from all over the world we currently receive about 2.25x that number per year so could absolutely be more selective and only take those in areas of supreme skill shortage or exceptional talent .
really do n't understand why it 's so hard for you all to understand that we could fairly easily raise the bar higher and why that is n't morally wrong .
often people here complain about wages but if you have a high supply of labour in an economy you will have depressed wages ... personally i can skip queues with private healthcare ... i can live anywhere still irrespective of cost .
you for whatever reason wo n't accept supply and demand of labour impacts wages for working class and middle class jobs .
so far i 've not actually heard a reason beyond you trying to trap me ideologically and morally which you ca n't because i 'm pretty rational .
recent migrants are not trapped in this moral dogma either and also favour tightening the rules .
presumably because they understand pretty well that they have poor services because of overcrowding .
he is also treating charles that way because charles is the heir .
you do n't mollycoddle an heir but you can do so with the kid who 's not going to be in-charge .
was n't batgirl oracle in a wheel chair during the trilogy ?
it will be fine we do way more than that over coax .
mmmm i wouldnt say its homophobic its more like like it or not this is a show and it needs to show things not just leave it to interpretation in some cases bc then discussions such as it was bait or not ? ''
if the characters are indeed gay and not just being friendly then something must happen they have to show a certain something that makes the spectator realize without doubt that the characters are gay ... its basically the same with every romantic relationship most ppl will freak out if they dont see a kiss at least bc bro after all this bs theyve gone through not a single kiss ?
bc its a show so it has to show things so if it doesnt want to and decides to leave things up to interpretation then you will have to deal with ppl having a different interpretation and so the discussion starts
i was on ebay looking for a decent 512 version .
but the final sale of an auction plus the sales tax shipping always comes out to be around 600 .
so imma just spend a bit more just buy new from steam .
do n't think they could afford him but in regards to work rate he 's been excellent
please make sure that you review our sub rules .
if your post breaks any of the rules then your post will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/antimlm if you have any questions or concerns .
explain to your father one more time why and give him a chance to rectify it .
if he does n't then you are not obliged to expose yourself to their garbage
this is why i opted for turkey..however if immigration issues do not allow you to leave the usa then you might want to consider bosley .
the carrier i chose death over life wanting to meet my maker i was dying inside pain too great to deal with made me want to take my life but now i 've seen the light i 've got a second chance at life i 'm not retracing my old tracks i 'm never going back '' etc .
but did you know the store will sell you your own candy ?
can anyone in the earnin community help me boost my max ?
i thought the same but recently bought a house with a prepaid meter and asked edf what the comparable standing charge unit rate was for a regular meter and it was slightly more than prepaid !
ended up going for a smart meter anyway so we did n't have to keep going to the shop ...
i mean if you watch the ow zero hour cinematic it basically took the combined effort of genji tracer winston bae ...
i mean mei mommy mercy rein and brig to take down a liberty prime-esque omnic .
but just in general ... . this seems a little lopsided .
you have 35 ow heroes ... . against literal army-sized groups .
i have to agree here most of our offensive players flopped here and i reckon they will shine in together clubs in the same league
i wish i would have gotten rims but i never did .
but my tires have lasted 7 years so it 's not damaging them as far as i know !
yeah well i do n't shit on my dog 's floor so ... ..
honestly calamari sounds great on pizza especially with a garlic suace .
but why did they have to put the oreos on there .
bonsai kai dojos content is ok but the thumbnails are to oversaturated and made very clickbaity
it 's hard to believe serious people even care .
i do n't think so compared to games like ffx but that does n't mean people do n't and it does n't mean there is n't anything else of value
so i read this super funny fic a little while ago i 'm pretty sure on fanfiction.net and now i ca n't find it .
voldemort and bellatrix have baby delphi and they 're raising her and some really hilarious stuff happens .
i can remember voldemort carrying delphi around in one of those baby carriers strapped to his chest while he does evil things and there 's one part i think where delphi is crawling up the walls .
you own the 3rd pick in the draft with will anderson available and the browns call and offer you myles garrett for that pick straight up .
with garrett you get a guaranteed stud but he is 5 years older than will and on a massive contract compared to 4 year rookie contract for will .
my fiance and i are looking at buying a property for us to live in .
due to smart investments she was able to buy a different property years before and now we are looking to use that as equity for our home loan for our new home .
what expert should we best seek out to get advice on this ?
we want to avoid barking up the wrong tree .
made a script as f7 as toggle to click location a then b wait for 61500ms then click location a again .
it completed the script but it 's not looping .
alright i 'm a big 12 guy and a wvu fan yes i 'm constantly depressed from my failing team .
does anyone in the sec deal with ref interference to push the better team which is most of them to a championship ?
i ca n't be the only one to think it 's strange that tcu can make these comebacks when they are the only big 12 team able to try for the championship .
sorry if i offend anyone with this question just curious .
i have a 705 dvr and a very spicy pillow !
it wo n't work just plugged into the docking bay without the battery connected .
has anyone had any luck getting their flower vape onto a cruise .
will be departing from the new cruise terminal in brisbane .
trying to come up with a stealth way to pass it through security .
i am watching the show now and patrick noah reid ... sorry i made mistake in the title sounds exactly like some other famous person when he speaks .
has anybody noticed this and does anybody know who my brain is thinking of ?
he sounds just like actor kyle maclaughlin of twin peaks blue velvet and dune fame .
when i log in to storefront and put in my domain\\user and password it comes back with your login has expired .
this is a test lab using http with no netscaler yet .
i 'm trying to read the dialogue between some of the characters but even when i go into the gameplay settings and turn on subtitles i still ca n't read them .
my friend said if i bind unsafely for too long i will be unable to get top surgery .
is that true or was he just trying to get me to bind safely ?
in hindsight i think i actually enjoyed season 4 a lot more than season 5 .
this is the first season where i have completely given up with no interest of keeping on playing to see how it pans out .
i think alot of this is because our dating options have felt more forced than ever lol
i really hope alot of us answer the feedback in a calm way so they ca n't just dismiss as blind rage and hatred .
i truely believe that it 's more likely they will listen if it 's constructive feedback no hate to anyone giving joke angry responses because that 's also hilarious
in my opinion the game still has potential and i see that they 're trying to give more out of the box storyline 's however i think i speak for most love island fans that we do n't want these crazy things and that the fundamental basics good lis choices mattering and romance/bits are more important .
idk mostly a rant but just wan na discuss .
just wanted to make this post as a discussion piece and to encourage everyone to give the most honest constructive feedback they can .
the rr cast is so specific as a spinoff cast from a different show that would not compete on total drama that i ca n't believe people still think it 's the fourth generation of total drama .
for clarity and consistency can we please not call this new generation gen 5 ?
because it would save everyone a lot of headaches to let rr be its own thing and not act like it 's a generation that competed on td .
i was at 980 hours champ 1 when i quit i startet playing again like 1 year and 3 months later .
for the last week or so i just feel like my car controll .
especially my air controll has peaked like i do shit i never did before .
able to do things i have never been able to do before i just wan na know if anyone else feel like this ?
that lately you been so much better than ever before
a place for members of r/fanficesp to chat with each other
i 'm excited to find someone new to spend time with .
as for myself i am a pretty easy going guy who is into the usual dorky hobbies .
dnd tabletop games video games assorted comics and junk .
roleplay wise i usually play a dominant leaning make character .
lately i have been playing a lot of dadbod type anthros but i 'm open to finding something that fits my partners prefences or that fits the story .
i 'm fine with any setting or smut level so long as it has something i find interesting .
i usually have an idea of two in mind but i prefer brainstorming something with my partner .
asking questions and bouncing ideas back and forth until something really enticing comes to form !
send me a message on discord or telegram and let me know where you 're from and what you 're after .
we are a result-driven agency serving overall genres and we have assisted a variety of companies by offering customized ecommerce website building services .
i 've been trying to find an extension for opera gx that will allow my mouse wheel to zoom in and out of pictures after hovering over it .
i 've recently downloaded imagus and have n't figured it out yet .
and if so can someone provide a link of a screenshot of their setting so i can set it up ?
mereko lunch 3:30pm ke baad neend aati hai but lunch ke baad afternoon mein 4:00pm se meri fiitjee ki classes hoti hain what to do .
su xiaobai was on the brink of death he was brought into a new world .
the soul of the strongest evolver king of stars long ming now inhabits his body .
therefore he has acquired an extremely powerful ability the endlessness of dim .
the only drawback is that if xiaobai ever gets a boner he will experience severe pain .
however when he will have found the murderer of long ming and ascended t ... read protoss dark emperor chapter 244 truemanga .
i donated blood like 3 weeks ago and like it was the start of my right arm and hand being tingly and now my right face feels tingly .
i 'm scared of not healing like i wo n't be normal again
speaks english or taglish just not straight tagalog because it sounds scary to me or a mixture of bisaya and english or a mixture of ilonggo and english though i do n't speak ilonggo but i can somehow understand and i really need that lambing 😭
hey folks i am looking out for an tartarus pro .
will there be an v3 model before i buy the pro or v2 ?
si denuncia pubblicando continuamente notizie in tema anche perchè facendo rumore sui disservizi qualcosa può effettivamente cambiare .
se tutto rimane sotto al tappeto non cambierà invece nulla aspettiamo tutti l'efficientissima '' macchina statale del paese che di base lavora lentamente e con priorità invertite .
ll trade off a favore del cittadino è invece la denuncia pubblica digitale-virale motivo per cui striscia la notizia report le iene e borrelli effettivamente pongono delle questioni visibili all'opinione pubblica facendo in sostanza lavorare la gente deputati magistrati commissari con priorità diverse non migliori ma sicuramente con un'attenzione diversa spesso anche sbagliata .
ve lo dice uno che per denunciare in commissariato un appartamento svaligiato è dovuto tornarci 6 volte fisicamente perchè di base l'operatore in commissario non voleva '' lavorare adducendo 6 scuse diverse .
what is the best uchigatana infusion that i can do for now i have uchi 10 vitality 23 endurance and dex 24 and the basic level of others of pyromancer .
thanks for voting i 'm sure most of you can deduce i 'm facing a bit of a dilemma right now and i would like you guys ' opinion on the matter
for context this is a 5k oneshot and it 's uploaded to ao3
i did n't include the option te re-upload as a seperate fic because in my opinion not enough of the content changed to warrant a second upload .
because double uploads are forbidden by ao3 's terms the spag issues were numerous but fixing them ultimately changed nothing about what happened in the fic .
i look forward to hearing you guys ' input !
sa mga nakapag apply at nag ka roon po ng work po wfh jan need pa po ba ng medical exam ?
gsto ko pong mag apply ng wfh base kaso d ko po alam mga requirements .
a r5 5600x is 211 what should i get ?
a place for members of r/qdbq to chat with each other
i 'm a bit confused—did he randomly message you on snapchat or did you meet off of another sugaring app and began talking on sc ?
i have always found it odd for people to use snapchat as a form of communication especially when sugaring is involved .
unlike the other commenter i 'm really doubtful a whale is using snapchat to plan dates nor discussing having you sign what i assume to be an nda .
i do agree however that if you have his information that you should look him up before agreeing to sign anything .
a couple weeks back i had three really unfortunate races and lost around 300ir .
i 'm a couple weeks from 40 and whenever anyone points out out my grays a minority on my head but definitely noticeable i simply say and dammit i earned them. i 've got a wife 4 kids and a challenging but satisfying career .
the only people i try to impress anymore are myself occasionally the missus and sometimes the guy who decides my raises .
3 days a week i 'm the office and the rest i 'm wearing comfortable pants stretch jeans cords or moleskin pants and goofy graphic tees .
i love the altra olympus 4 for backpacking and hiking .
excellent grip amazing out-of-the-box comfort thick cushioning for long days .
would be too cold for the winter though ... altra dropped the olympus 5 this year which come in an gtx hiker '' version .
mind that altra shoes are 0 drop and have the foot shaped toe box .
other than that i can recommend salomon even though for me they are too narrow on the toes ...
the question report the nice， if i have be left over money i will give money when i eat
if you 're protesting something go protest that person or thing .
you can picket outside the police station union hall etc .
but just leave innocent people out of it and do n't be a nuisance to the rest of society .
do n't block a road that everyday people are trying to use to get to work .
do n't damage other people 's cars and property .
swear to god we should just junk units 1/2 and send out 5 random dudes .
sure as fuck that would n't be giving up a shorty every fucking game .
they can let the tackle learn for a year the way they drafted hill to sit behind bates for a year .
jonah will be here next year but i think there 's a very small chance they consider re-signing him .
and there 's a whole dam website set up for people to find out where they can go vote .
takes seconds to fill in your name and address and hit submit .
for all the jp lovers out there what are you seeing that every other gm in the league is missing ?
oilers have been shopping this guy for like 3yrs and nobody wants him or is only offering lowball offers .
at the end of the day he will be traded .
even yams will probably be traded same with foges and barrie .
if oil are in win now with no cap space players will be traded to make this team better or try to do so .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigass if you have any questions or concerns .
are these dark pools in the room with us right now ?
i literally rode a mule to the dropbox to cast my vote
this is actually core you 're literally spot on about em as a dynamic but i wo n't elaborate rn
nasa overheard jim irsay saying that the colts are n't trying to send a man to mars that his job is simple .
we still can but both foreign and domestic oligarchs/plutocrats/kleptocrats have a vested interest in keeping the us from becoming a genuine democracy with free intelligent self-governing people .
the global ruling class want slaves who are too beaten down and impoverished to know what 's being done to them let alone fight back and defeat their oppressors .
the current situation is like feudalism apartheid and slavery in that there are actual concrete specific things that people can do to make the situation less abusive and horrific notwithstanding the extremely abusive global ruling class imposing these conditions on humanity .
implementing shorter work weeks to improve labor 's bargaining and political power wrt capital and spread the benefits from humanity 's collective scientific and technological progress more broadly
decommodifying housing and making it more of a human right and less of an investment vehicle for the world 's oligarchs/plutocrats/kleptocrats
ensuring labor and public representation on corporate boards and otherwise democratizing people 's workplaces
implementing progressive wealth taxes and otherwise making excessive wealth hoarding e.g. in excess of 100 million or 1 billion dollars a felony and a crime against humanity .
greater reliance on public rather than private banks https youtu.be/lpho-eie-fw
it is not inevitable that humanity has to be enslaved by oligarchs/plutocrats/kleptocrats under an extremely abusive neo-colonial/neo-feudal system forever .
a global system that allows oligarchs/plutocrats/kleptocrats to rob enslave gaslight and socially murder humanity while destroying the habitability of the planet for their obscene wealth is not inevitable and it is n't the best we can do as a species by a long shot .
human beings can have enjoy and use wealth without being enslaved by it and without killing ourselves and each other over it .
why even to the best paid workman this uncertainty for the morrow in the midst of all the wealth inherited from the past and in spite of the powerful means of production which could ensure comfort to all in return for a few hours of daily toil ?
the socialists have said it and repeated it unwearyingly .
daily they reiterate it demonstrating it by arguments taken from all the sciences .
it is because all that is necessary for production — the land the mines the highways machinery food shelter education knowledge — all have been seized by the few in the course of that long story of robbery enforced migration and wars of ignorance and oppression which has been the life of the human race before it had learned to subdue the forces of nature .
it is because taking advantage of alleged rights acquired in the past these few appropriate to-day two-thirds of the products of human labour and then squander them in the most stupid and shameful way .
it is because having reduced the masses to a point at which they have not the means of subsistence for a month or even for a week in advance the few only allow the many to work on condition of themselves receiving the lion 's share .
it is because these few prevent the remainder of men from producing the things they need and force them to produce not the necessaries of life for all but whatever offers the greatest profits to the monopolists .
in this is the substance of all socialism . ''
canada does n't exist on this map and to this day for most americans canada does n't exist 😅
no taste of booty for 4 or 5 yrs ?
just be the kind of person to others that you wish your dad had been to you .
instead of paying money just ask if you can pick up some hours throwing lines into the patients in the ed and get paid to get practice .
there ai n't no amount of theory crafting or classroom hours that will help you get better at starting ivs than sticking needles into people repeatedly .
given the stakes i 'm assuming there 's already a ton of investment here .
i 'm just not a cyber security domain expert i work in natural language processing text data so it 's not clear how my experience translates to that domain .
there are some tricks for handling small data like pretraining on a generic large dataset then fine tuning on the small task specific data .
to address your underlying skepticism ml breakthroughs are happening at an insane pace and the limits are nowhere in sight .
github copilot https github.com/features/copilot is a model that generates good code from short descriptions .
the amount of things i see in f2p that tell me to upgrade to p2p after clicking on it
within reason for anyone who you expect to attend both i think it 's fine .
i do n't think you can do something like expect a gift for each wedding for anyone who attends each or expect destination wedding guest travel 2x if people you have attending are not local to either venue if they will do double duty great but if they ca n't do both you have to accept that with grace
have you seen the videos where criminals get lit up with 15 rounds and are still fighting ?
i suppose it depends on how small that small dose was .
i am happy with 1 to 1.5 grams dried if i am fasted .
if i were to eat that same dose two days in a row the second dose would be barely noticeable .
i have only tripped 2 days in a row a few times and when i did it was normally a combo of a slightly increased dose of mushrooms and a tab of acid that would get me there the 2nd time around .
i would recommend waiting to try again in 5 or 7 days .
try to do it fasted if you can it 'll work better that way .
criminal minded for sure krs is one of the goats
people on work visas are pretty much viewed as temporary visitors so they do n't get as much consideration as foreigners with pr who are treated more like like japanese nationals than foreigners .
you 're married to a japanese national though so that can be to your advantage .
i 'm a partner in the company i work for and have my own staff .
i can tell you with certainty that if you get yourself into an antagonistic relationship with your bosses they will find a way to get rid of you it does n't really matter what your immigration status or nationality is .
your best bet is to try to negotiate an amicable agreement with your company that saves your job if that 's what you want and it 's not too late to do that .
otherwise you 'll probably need to find another job .
nah she 's usually pretty wet in the morning .
i do wonder if we took it off would she start waking and going but at this particular moment i am not down for changing wet sheets a few nights in a row to find out .
she woke up at like 2 am and went all by herself pulled her up down wiped went back to bed a few weeks ago .
when she is doing that more and is dry more often i 'll know we can try without and be prepared for some accidents .
looking at op 's post history he should have an aggy flair .
and guess what that 's the universe of people who give a shit about this .
a good symbol would be an ostrich with its head in the sand
just edited the post ... for some reason it did n't let me add the actual post text so i had to post it as it is then edit it
literally the only one of these matches i remember is billy vs. the kid .
once when i went to rehab i was on 80 mgs of methadone and dope .
they switched me to suboxone and gave me the maximum effective dose which is 24mgs there is no therapeutic benefit after 24 .
but i was still sick so they gave me 4 a day and it helped because i believed
not propaganda for us but i totally subscribe to the theory that the entire movie is in fact a dramatized war flick for the starship troopers universe .
25 games left to go 2 points behind 5 points currently but i 'm pretty sure we will win our next game credit to barca ofc winning this league means everything to them not just for reputation also financially but i am baffled how some ppl on this sub thinks the league is already over and it 's only november .
you 're spoiling a major town event for everyone and publicly humiliating a pillar of the community who has specifically asked you to keep their romantic life private for no good reason except to get a cheap laugh for yourself .
they should understand unless you 've only been dating for a short while .
noone wants to listen to what elon musk says anymore all his tweets are full of lies
yeah i think if not one of the new characters being added it should at least be somebody who 's already in the game like kiara was .
would be rather awkward to have someone preview the update while they 're still absent from the game themselves .
if the price is right maybe there 's a place you can put in a half bath ?
my mother took away a coat closet and put in a toilet and small sink .
okay i am making some headway with mapping out what this recipe can look like ...
you should consider looking into higher education go to college and take econ 101 regarding govt spending and inflation .
watch cnbc bloomberg or do something to grasp some basic knowledge .
i wo n't waste my time anymore responding to a fool .
you 're clearly a socialist who has no grasp on what 's best for a diverse country with 340 million people .
overall when disconnected from being tied to a politician people tend to be more pro-choice .
could be projection or covering their asses i suppose .
there 's a lot we wo n't admit outloud to the people closest to us .
frankly i do n't give a shit tbh but everyone is different
my ex banged him out of spite once and i had to hear about it repeatedly .
i think it 's super underrated but yes the kit really sucks on it .
also the glitch where you get hit behind the shield really sucks .
john daddy king and mapboy ... like bread and butter
i 've seen some of his stuff the vga stuff but i have n't really explored his channel as much as i clearly should .
thanks for the pointer i 'll check it out .
definitely want to see different ways of doing this .
i 'm actually doing a 32-bit implementation so quadruple the chips basically .
the sram does have some obstacles but i think in the end it 's going to cost me fewer ics .
i came across a schematic for someone 's 3-bus 8-bit register https oshwlab.com/weirdboyjim/general-purpose-register that looked really simple 4 chips .
he uses a 74hc574 octal d-type flip flop as the register .
it gets loaded from the main bus d side and then the q side goes to 3 different 74hc541s octal buffer/line drivers .
and depending on which one is activated he sends it to left-hand side of the alu right hand side of the alu or to the bus .
of course 4 chips for 8 bits mean 16 for 32-bit and so 64 just for 4 registers .
with the sram i still need 2 chips per byte one for each side of the alu just for the sram .
i could n't find anything smaller than 6116s for a reasonable price so i 'll go with those .
on the bright side if i decide to i can expand it to 2048 registers ...
another 4 chips to drive the main bus so that 's 12 .
and then i think i 'm going to need 8 173 's to load from the bus and i think that 'll be it .
i 've only just started the design though and have n't worked through everything so i may have missed something .
but yeah the single point of read write does complicate things .
i 'm going to breadboard an 8-bit version and see how it works .
i think regardless of the definition it should be the parents ' decision how to proceed with the situation .
too close for comfort 😵‍💫 can not believe the risks i took for a 14 month old after quarantining .
dive kick is pretty nice it 's quick i can catch opponents off guard if you mix things up right .
also great for stam breaks and third party hits where you do n't have elevation .
it should n't be a epic though probably a purple .
the damage is just a little low especially for perfectly landed dives .
ok well it is n't possible for the person who received the egg to get it shiny it has to be traded
payapal is changing their policies to fine you for disinformation at their discresion .
why would you work with a company that says you owe me 2500 because they say so ?
i 've used the jobe 's ground spikes and they 've produced very well but i think it 's time to give them some more fertilizer for sure !
i mean a dildo is nothing really lol if it was a dildo i 'd believe it for sure .
knowing how kris jenner is she 's not exactly comfortable i 'm sure when it comes to filming she 's making sure there 's nothing that cld possibly taint their brand
i live in aus and got the game at about 12pm today and it 's not working .
when i had been in search of my first job i applied to one that i knew would hire my age 17 i had talked to a representative from the company at a job fair attempted to call them and found their indeed listing and applied .
i checked the day after my application and they upped the age to 18 .
i 'm just showing how i react when an opportunity like this shows up
i agreed to be your cleaner in exchange for my life and now you 've got me locked in a cell ... i complain
so we 're all going to be in a big fight ?
it might be the image quality but i like this much more than the ancient one .
someone in the stars sub said nothing makes his butthole clench harder then kyle connor lol
maybe it 's just a reflection of how much worse rep think the last 2 years and 9 months have been .
would a candidate more aligned in the middle be better for everyone ?
yea i 'm trying to find the words here .
what i mean is he is on pace to be 16 attempts shy of the record for a 16 game season .
he 's on pace to break it halfway through and could break it 16 games in .
you know what i 'm drinking and these words sound dumb .
this is easy sell all of it then buy spy and sell covered calls to this sub
the chorus sounds like medicine by jennifer lopez and french montana
this looks like it would make a fun addictive mobile game congrats on your future millions
i have another tiffany ring as well and the rush i felt when i saw the blue box and put on the ring was euphoric haha i 'm going to keep an open mind and check out other jewelers but i may end up coming back here .
my partner 's preference is emerald he finds round boring but i 'm fairly certain i love this classic look
art the clown®️ is the next chucky freddy and michael myers combined into one .
as a man with low libido my wife swears maca powder in capsules is the reason for our first child .
it has done wonders for the detachment we both felt due to a similar miscarriage scenario within the first year of our marriage .
i 'm not sure that i would relate the steps to the spheres .
it is more of a process that you go through in each of the spheres as we move through them .
you could almost compare them to the sub-elements i.e. fire of fire fire of water fire of air etc .
that is not exact but it is somewhat comparable .
aww.. you melted his heart.. usually it 's the other way around .
i really hope you 're joking about shooting him .
someone suggested this to me but if you feel you have trouble drawings feet or shoes try looking up references or pictures of people wearing the shoes either from ad of shoe stores or just the picture that you can find on the product itself and use those as guidelines to how your feet should be .
i have no idea haha that 's a good luck whether you get it right or not
i would be interested to see karate-specific fitness training/skill building and how it influences and improves your performance of kata kumite etc .
this could tie in to the challenge idea where 2 or more of you establish a baseline for a skill and each person spends x amount of time on a different training activity and at the end of the time period you compare again .
punching speed before and after a pushup routine vs a cable machine vs elastic bands vs reflex training vs punching alone
max height of head kicks before and after leg strengthening exercises vs hip mobility drills vs stretching routine
height and stability of jumps and landings before and after working on balance drills vs plyometrics
regardless of what you and your friends choose to produce i look forward to it !
he 'll be 101 when he runs for reelection in 34 ' .
they 're giving you a chance and giving you duties that may be more fitting for your skills and abilities .
it 's a big milestone and i know it had to feel great .
my hearing is next friday and i ca n't wait !
iowa voters say biden is too old and senile and then elect grassley who is 10 years older than biden over a 25yr experienced blue-collar military vet ?
skk is busy trying to survive nnn and ... fox december
just depends if you 're in the hellhole in the east or the hellhole in the west .
is being independent supposed to be a point in your favor ?
i 've literally seen gardai use their sirens to cut the mcdonald 's queue that spilled out onto the street .
do n't expect the police to act decently in this country .
i personally have the mint bear as of recently and i love her !
she 's very soft to the touch and her colors are just perfect !
i do n't have the other beer so i 'm afraid i have no say but it 's whatever your heart desires !
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
i only pick up the phone if it 's someone that is already on my contact list .
hehe i can bet it wo n't infact we just experienced a 5.8 magnitude earthquake last night and it 's still standing up sooo yay
a good amount of stop oil groups are made basically by oil companies to make the who protest look like a joke
rampant cheating devs that keep breaking the game even after 7 years unbalanced operators maps that suck maps that get reworked for no real reason pro-league influencing the game for everyone despite their changes being dogshit .
there 's a lot of reasons to hate this game .
evidence from open sources make it clear ukraine is far more likely to be telling the truth than russia .
on the face of it russia lies about everything .
ludwig is famous for signature wraps on pro kits .
if u think about it any exotic/fine wood grain finish is veneer .
he kept going back and tinkering with the og trilogy .
your comment would go a lot farther if republicans have n't been crying about 2020 for the past two years .
we can respect the results of elections again so long as republicans do well tonight .
if they do n't it 's obviously due to fraud .
we have known about cognitive dissonance for some time now .
i think the command room would make more sense as she gets shot at from all sides there but i 'm happy with the scene i got
well when your coach plays legitimate ahl players over nhl talent this is usually what happens
just know r/politics is painting him as a more evil person than trump .
so i 'm worried about his chances to win .
you say that now the new testamemt says unclean animals are clean and at the same time saying that god does not change when he commanded that unclean animals are unclean for ever
can you not see that you are on a side track here ?
if sm is saying this is officially the smcu 's first comic does that mean that exo 's comic from the war is considered non-canon to the smcu ... ?
almost every ranged unit has at least 1 ap damage on their ammo that adds up real quick when you can not block any of the shots .
on one hand yeah it kinda makes sense on the other hand ... 120 t1 arrows 120 ap damage.. that 's too much !
despite a woman clearly showing no interest for a bit .
they continue in hopes of success and then get rejected .
now ... everyone handle rejection differently some worse than others you 're just lucky if without a given reason.. you get blocked on all medias if friends new or from a little while before. ..
but some might just literally snap and snap in two ways
1 harassment.. calling you things left and right as if they was entitled to you and you alone .
2 violence.. really rare but there 's a chance it can happen so do n't be on a spot alone with this person ever.. if going for a rejection .
i 'm talking about the men who are not subtle but those who really really really clearly show what they want out from all this and ca n't read the response until being told off .
does n't matter in what way you reject them kindly or bluntly.. their own over expectations and in this case positive overthinking to a toxic degree combined with some form of insecurity as a trigger .
tl dr beware of overly pushy and seemingly overexpectant men.. they ca n't take rejection and will either verbally or over text harass you or may even if alone in person become very violent .
nice u do n't dump water after a day of soaking ?
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=subscribe message=subscribeme 20u 2flegitimate_sea_4754 20r 2fhfy to subscribe to u/legitimate_sea_4754 and receive a message every time they post .
if the power goes and the communication lines come down will that still work ?
i remember seeing them in the late 90s in college when the college store was selling things at events .
nl did n't participate in ww1 so there are no armistice day celebrations here
there are other areas of sumeru that have n't been released yet
oop commented that wife was holding their newborn when he got caught in the hotel lobby with his ap .
so she probably was so pregnant she could n't comfortably have sex then birthed his child and could n't safely have sex .
i thought they did because dp 's saree look was everywhere
good news is georgia does not have any other heisman winners to run .
it 's just twitter but with elon musk as ceo/board member for name recognition .
it would probably recoup a good chunk of what he spent just on that
his purchase apparently loaded twitter up with so much new debt that the interest alone is going to cost 1 billion per year .
he has to do something and he knows it .
for whatever reason he feels like he has to do it right now and he 's just creating chaos instead .
this is the genius '' that musk has always been .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/stripchatcam r/chaturbatecam r/camwhoresofficial r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to be trying my ass off then realized there was little to no reward so sometimes i stow slow and if i see runners sweating i try to offer water or help them a little if they seem like they struggling
when trying to decide whether to say something ask yourself these three questions .
if you ca n't answer yes to at least two hold your tongue !
and yes it 's two out of three before it 's ok !
25 cents per minute so you 'd better ride fast !
our offense sure as shit better be able to consistently score 25
their dad was pretty religious kris talks about it in her book i do n't think it 's performative
they 're going to double down they always do .
they will get marching orders from tucker and continue the descent into facism .
firefighters and most police are municipal employees and do n't bargain with the province .
this person being comfortable in their masculinity means not feeling the need to prove their masculinity by wearing something masculine .
it 's positive punishment which is adding something bad .
negative reinforcement is taking the bad thing away to increase good behaviour .
ban bet created u/mcccliii bet spy goes from 382.0 to 365.0 before 2022-11-13 01:11:59.317307-05:00
i mean for multiple full on industrial buildings why should the service points be enough .
it 's not like bicycle couriers can run some steel across to the tin can factory .
i specialize in character design and am also a huge berserk fan and so i am very familiar with the style .
please check out my portfolio in the link below and feel free to reach out with any questions you may have .
so if we would remember then it would matter ?
what do you guys use to audit this infrequently accessed data ?
everyone is ok with investment groups ran by white people .
i genuinely have no idea because this has never happened to me .
i 've heard that like if you 've got oily lids this can happen .
yea but now they have the same supermajorities in both the state house and senate as they 've had for well over a decade so uh derp ? !
your daughter is really really lucky to have you and your relatives as family .
i hope that she 's learned to channel her anger less destructively or at least found an outlet that lets her blow off steam without hurting other people in the process .
i ca n't imagine how horrible it must 've been for your sister i do n't think i 'd ever recover from something like that .
i bought them in my local store and fb marketplace .
the digital always goes on sale in both xbox and psn .
usually they are ds1 16 ds2 10 ds3 22 bb 10 .
i do n't think it 's worth it since we get extra stars in seasons and the outfits are kinda blah .
yes i posted a link in response to one of the other comments in this thread
and since then more aid https m.timesofindia.com/india/india-hands-over-12th-consignment-of-humanitarian-aid-to-ukraine/articleshow/94157783.cms has been sent
also it might end up being for the vote that trumps joe manchin 's inconsistency as a democratic voter .
more like commitment to excrement the last 20 years .
both al and mark have blown the 2000 's like a vegas hooker .
i miss the coliseum nowhere better in the country to be than top row 3rd deck on a december sunday afternoon when the temperature is 65 degrees and not a cloud in the sky .
pretty sure it 's biden who 's pandering to venezuela right now for oil ... ..
the same country who held us company rigs hostage because they could n't pay them and would n't let them take them ... . also its a socialist country not nationalist .
speaking for my group of friends extended out a bit we 'll use it as an excuse to go out to dinner together .
everyone pays their own way though frequently but not always someone will pay for the birthday person 's dinner .
a spouse a family member or people will chip in .
do n't forget the random side projects you 'll get pulled on throughout the day
i sidescrape too but if you sidescrape they can pen a little above or below your tracks i forgot which one
there are many choices at new yaohan or mama care .
i got one for my nephew at new yaohan his parents liked it .
i was going to write something clever but i 'll get straight to the point these people are lame as f*ck
enter this week 's free sneaker giveaway from az sneakers !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sneakerreps if you have any questions or concerns .
turned into a zoo looks like haiti ummm ? ? ? ?
yes you are your gon na make me fail nnn xd
quite surprising that 2600 can still handle it even in multi-player .
guess iam gon na get a new steering wheel the one i have is logitech wingman formula gp .
it has a force feedback but it is 20 years old .
should i get the m2 air or the pro ?
my work is based on davinci resolve for short films and promo ads some graphics using illustratior and logic pro for audio .
am currently bottle necked on an old macpro 2017 if i 'm not wrong 13 128g ssd 8g ram and i 'm looking for an upgrade .
screen size does n't matter cos i use a external monitor in my studio .
just saying how much of a dime she would be
i am not speaking against the dating age but i am saying those who do speak against it by saying the brain is n't developed would then have to apply the same logic to all people who get in relationships which they will not fucking do .
if you are n't old enough to date at 18 if the other person is older it would be much worse to for two people of that age to date each other .
wish optics on a cobalt kinetics rifle made me cry .
not rlly sure what i was expecting but i 'm not entirely disappointed
lol the whole aesthetic of this setting is giving me my sleep paralysis demon showing off his progress and he 's happy i 'm proud '' lol i need to sleep .
you can check battery health by log to make sure if it 's hardware or software problem .
because we 're supposed to be a good kind ruler who lives among their people as an equal not hidden up in a castle removed from the community .
would still be nice to have windows that are n't boarded up without dropping half a mil tho
i sometimes forget to respond immediately because i opened a text and forget to answer/was too sleepy and then since the notification is gone i can forget .
however once i open the chat again afterwards and see the messages i respond to them anyway even if it are multiple and regardless if their topics are the same or not .
personally i do n't think what you describe here can be attributed to ih maybe ih has a slight influence but nothing more than that .
you used the item 'three-handed sword ' and did 16 extra almighty damage .
this is n't particularly political except in the sense that everything is political to a degree .
it is n't advocating for a party or candidate it 's just stating what factually happened .
okay i can face it maximise damage dealt to him ...
then what kind of army you 'll bring to face him with around 5-7k upkeep based on the army upkeep plus current income and falling on deficit ?
arqchnarok doomstack is around 12k if i recall correctly .
same for rogue idols with lesser impact against this kind of army .
i 'm getting so horny and hard just from your stinky smell baby
dette handler ikke om bygd og by men om hvordan byene har vokst i etterkrigstiden .
i stedet for å fortsette å bygge by og kollektivt så gjorde bilen det mulig for først de rike og senere alle andre å flytte ut av byen samtidig som de hadde sitt daglige virke inne i byen .
og i stedet for å regulere og styre utviklingen bort fra byspredning så la de heller alt til rette for fortsatt byspredning .
med andre ord så bygde de veier som gjorde at folk kunne flytte enda lenger ut av byen når det ble kork og kaos så utvidet de veien så folk kunne flytte enda lenger ut .
😂 '' ignite some shit '' what exactly happened ?
no they literally just posted some diss tracks on each other 😂👍shit did n't even matter at the end of the day it was entertaining nothing more
please downvote this comment if the post is 'low effort ' in order to help out the mods .
this action was taken automatically as i am a bot .
yeah do n't get me wrong it wears off by an hour into the election coverage
if you thought that my contention of low demand meant that i was claiming the product did n't exist that tells me all i need to know about your grasp of this topic .
this template actually feel much more like a reddit discussion amongst stubborn people than tenis
i heard it was very violent and disturbing and did n't think it was too bad .
the worst parts were the ! super realistic gross rash effects and the hair vomit scene ! a bunch of the animal scenes were creepy very real looking
in order to facilitate more accurate and helpful replies please make sure to provide the following information in your post
type of material/surface being cleaned to the best of your knowledge
our top recommendations are usually bar keepers friend great for kitchen surfaces melamine foam magic erasers murphy 's oil soap wood cleaner and nature 's miracle enzyme cleaner .
make sure you use cleaners appropriate to the surfaces you are working with and follow all safety labels .
if you receive an answer that helps you please flair your post as answered '' so other users may find solutions as well .
while you wait why not browse the subreddit to see if you might be able to help someone else or find similar situations that could help you ?
you must tag your post with nsfw if it has any kind of picture containing or appearing to contain human waste or bodily fluids .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cleaningtips if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's is more complex music however which requires more effert to make and really it 's the effort you 're paying for in art and music .
this is also why people do n't like the idea of ai generated images because it took all the human effort out of art .
and 'bad music ' is usually seen as low effort rather than musically inept .
which then translates into people spending time learning more complex music theory which lead to more complex music because it shows that effort has been put in .
well it should be but most popular music today is only there to sell a certain lifestyle which means less time is spent on making more complex music .
your knowledge is n't out of date at all and you 're entirely correct
can we like think of what korean atreus would look like
brooo you better pull that 30 out of your ass if you have to .
all i want is someone who can hit a cross and does n't sky it every time .
do n't care if that 's a huge name or someone i 've never heard of before .
although telles had that so maybe i should ask for pace positioning and power too .
e l i t e f i e l d i n g
shows he 's shameless and desperate enough to do anything his superiors in umno ask of him which is why he 's zahids pick .
he needs a bigger aviary for sure that cage looks shabby
delivery jobs are labor-intensive and pay less than regular jobs .
however it is still a paying work and there will always be individuals willing to do it because it provides them with a source of income .
therefore not using the app to place orders is not a fix for your dunzo guy .
it looks about as off as your comments have been .
i got buffalo/central michigan circled for tomorrow and leaning buffalo .
anyone have any leans for this game and willing to discuss their reasoning ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
so i‘m not at the end of recovery i still kinda count calories but not actively just a passing thought and sometimes i freak out a bit about the thought of having gained but overall i stopped restricting myself .
i actually eat when i‘m hungry even if it‘s not the time i usually eat i used to follow these times like a religion or not eat at all i literally had 5 pieces of pizza as a snack the other day so i still had lunch and dinner .
i had pancakes and waffles at a hotel simply cuz they looked good i still ate normally the rest of the day and most days i don‘t even worry about it the next day .
i feel like i started thinking more and more about how stupid this all actually is i mean it‘s a serious illness and all but i figured i‘m already crying enough about other things and in the end i would like to take every opportunity to enjoy life even if it‘s just about some stupid oreos .
oh and also being bloated was rarely a thing that bothered me but a friend of mine is really insecure about that so even tho it prolly won‘t help i rarely notice on other people but when i do i always kinda like it cuz i think it looks healthy
the literal main difference between sugaring and escorting is and has always been the relationship aspect .
i truly think any sd who thinks otherwise is just a predatory john taking advantage of naive younger women .
so the loss of autonomy fear would be the control demon then ?
it 's actually kinda good for horror sequence so it 's not bad and you failed to do it
probably best to buy your kid a cheap monitor and reduce the budget on the pc itself .
honestly for you can get some 1,500 serious power but your kid wo n't be able to enjoy it on a tv anyways .
if it has n't already been recommended watch a quick pc build tutorial on youtube.. there 's a lot .
do n't need to watch the technical ones more like i build a pc for my best friend/sister/brother/etc . ''
at its most simple terms you have a motherboard .
which is a board that everything else is connected to .
you have a cpu that plugs into the motherboard and a cooler to cool the cpu .
you have a gpu which plugs into the motherboard but it has its own cooling system built in so do n't worry about that .
you have ram which just helps the computer to think again plugs into the motherboard and you have storage to save games documents photos videos etc which again plugs to the mother board .
finally you have the power supply which gives power to the whole thing and you have a case which houses the whole thing .
i was wavering between n a h and y t a but this sealed it for me '' i just do n't want her to think she can be rude to me after her mistake then get what she wants .
lady you just got tons on free plants from your neighbour because she was in the middle of a manic bipolar episode .
her not being chipper and friendly with you does n't translate to rude .
if you want a decent relationship with her go buy a nice houseplant and some more pastries and go and give then to her and offer again to pay for the plants .
i read a quote of him in the unofficial oral history book of buffy and angel and combined with what we know ...
the quote was this « the first time when i wrote angel turns evil because he and buffy made the beast i wrote the scene where he basically pretends that he just does n't care about her and just acts like a dick .
i did n't drop my pen but i actually looked at it and was like oh my god i had no idea i was such a dick. like i accessed this terrible person and i was just so happy that i had this darkness in me that was just appalling and this has been happening with this script just over and over and over .
slayers vampires the complete uncensored unauthorized oral history of buffy angel
go on what other ppl recommended fb sometimes if i care to much .
if we do n't like it we do n't come back .
you are vaguely waving in the direction of blood and saying you are pointing us in the right direction what specifically should we be getting tested for ?
i have tried to get a tourist visa two times i was working a full time job and had enough money in the bank ...
but embassy officers are really bad and they treat you as if you want to escape morocco and never come back and they did n't even check all the documents i brought i think it could be because i never visited any other country .
on one hand murder is wrong and human life is sacred on the other ... .they had it coming
you are upvoted after my kidney failure by dailysis and transplant i reduced massive 50 kgs and all these fat and extra weight gain is due to water retention beacuse of kidney failure .
no workout can decrease these weight and i done workouts and cardio very well before my kidney failure and nothing helped me but dialysis and transplantion made loss of 50ksgs
me as a man with the most cuddly german shepard
pahle thik se padh lo bhai/bahan.. i said most of her supporters are fake not everyone .
jo bhi uske legit supporters hai god bless you .
bb jitne k baad jaise rubina irritate kr rhi har channel pr jakar waise ye bhi kregi .
keep voting for her i do n't have any issues but brace for impact .
what else must i say on top of all that had been said before on my reddit account ...
it 's a decent hangout we sit down chitchat like we have n't seen each other in ages have coffee or tea maybe some optional chow but mostly structured around the common passion/hobby/love of and for motorcycles .
split the bill dutch treat or whatever works for your wallet .
i am not lookin for the s-e-x but i 'll jizz my pants with the sound of a yamaha crossplane .
does n't have to be today am usually on-the-go inspecting sites upon sites for serious construction job .
i heard basil is good for colds i 'm wondering how i would add that ?
can i just add the raw herb fresh off the plant into the tincture ?
laura loomer breaks down what happened to the red wave sweep of the election
311 per night for a basic cabin directly underneath a 24 hr flight path .
so glad i went to russia for 2018 and skipped this .
hey everyone sorry that i 'm doing this on a throwaway account .
the past couple months i have had anxiety in relation to driving has been off the charts .
most related to forgetting the last couple kms and thinking i have gone through a red light or caused and accident or something .
i drive a lot for work typically 800km 500 miles a month .
and i have a 20 minute commute each way for work mostly highway driving and have been doing that for a number of years .
i 've always had highway hypnosis to some extent because the drive is so boring but never had the anxiety until recently .
today for an example i 'm driving home on the highway following traffic and i get about 400m up the road and look in the rear view mirror and notice there is no traffic following me i was following traffics right in front of me though .
i then notice an suv speeding up the highway behind me .
my brain immediately goes into catastrophizing that i ran a red light and caused an accident and this person in the suv is following me to get my license plate .
so i decide to take a left at the next intersection to circle back and drive through the previous light again to check .
well the suv is now right behind me in the turn lane .
i turn left and i go down a block to do a uturn and come back up to the highway to turn right and go back the way i came we 'll i guess the suv did the same thing and now i 'm behind this suv .
needless to say my anxiety peaked when i notice they did a uturn as well and felt like they followed me .
rationally speaking i know it 's probably a coincidence and that i would have 100 noticed if i ran a red light and/or caused an accident but my anxiety is just full fledged taking over .
i 've had a couple of these episodes over the past couple months and it 's a trend i 'm not super fond of .
not sure if i 'm looking for reassurance or just to vent but ya ... thanks for listening .
uggghh why is finding insurance so hard i 've heard it tough in va but this is ridiculous payne i just need to move to another state idk .
if anyone can give any recommendations i 'd appreciate it i 've been paying out of pocket just to keep my hormone prescription but i ca n't afford it
my dad is an asshole he found out i got a d on a test that he did n't help me study for even though i asked him he was being a drunk jackass yelling and screaming at me and i hit him over the head with a thick glass beer bottle causing him to immediately black out .
now me being only 14 i knocked a 45 year old man who 's like 180 pounds and served in the army i felt accomplished while i called the er .
and i have n't had the opportunity to post this since he smashed almost all my stuff with a hammer 😊
i have tried many times to get auto part removal to work on my print farm of 10 ender 3 v2 today .
sick of stacking the bed with parts to many issues of leveling and wasted filament .
i have 3d touches installed on all of them .
i had it working on a pair of artillery genius and just tried these printers today with no avail .
can anybody help me write the g code to get this to work i tried for whole afternoon today and idk im lost .
either would end the print at the end of the part or print ontop of the old part and just completly skip the swipe .
i can share g code if anyone can help .
i have no idea what i 'm doing anymore but i know my gear sucks now and i need help lol my discords spicyboi74 5709 if your down to play pc
by which i mean dyspraxia dysgraphia surface dyslexia and dyscalculia ?
i had the dyspraxia from childhood but not officially documented .
acquired the others thanks to epilepsy in my 20s .
since i went back to college i thought i 'd do things properly get a proper diagnosis from a specialist and all that but it 's so much drama and run around and condescension i 'm not sure it 'll be worth it in the long run .
it 's kinda jarring seeing all the d-words in a row tho .
it feels like my life is becoming some kind of dark vaguely funny joke .
memory is shot to shit.ca n't swim ca n't drive ca n't run only fair/moderate on walking ...
the neurologist i saw for 500 dollars advised me to go find a special ed autism teacher who might know more .
i feel like i 'm one diagnosis away from becoming a crazy person in the streets just shouting obscenities at people .
i know a large part of my frustration is due to dealing with the shoddy healthcare in my country but even despite that it just feels a little ridiculous .
i feel like i 'm collecting disabilities like pokemon badges got to catch em all . ''
if i was better at talking i swear this would be the moment where i started a career in standup comedy .
it 's not fair how cancer cut his life short .
he was a great man who really touched the world and it 's even touching how you see that he visited cancer patients and he could actually relate to what they were going through .
he was even a badass in real life returning to the character 3 more times when he was sick .
it actually even took guts to pull off a brave face for interviews .
i wish he could have made it to this movie .
i 'm tired of some people smelling horrible in public transport .
but sometimes i think maybe we 're the idiots who are taking too many showers .
it 's not like we are going to die if we do n't it for 4 days !
if we all did that no one would notice other people 's smell because we 'd all smell bad '' .
and does that mean it 's actually my problem for wanting to be surrounded by people who do n't smell bad ?
i am running mint xfce if that matters and i have installed foobar2000 using snap
foobar2000 does not show up under apps because it runs through wine .
to get the app to run i have to literally type it 's entire name into the menu .
for now i made an executable text file i can click to quick-launch it from the desktop but it 's ugly .
is there any way i can add it to the taskbar ?
having a text file sitting directly on the desktop is unclean and kind of an eyesore i am pretty new to linux in general and while i am enjoying it immensely over win10 i do run into qol things like this that make me want to pull out my hair .
any help would be greatly appreciated thank you for your time
i saw the easy fix would be to replace the lift support .
but now that i got the new ones the trunk is heavier and still does n't stay open .
i thought this would all be simple but somehow made it worse .
i read something here last night that keeps bugging me i ca n't find the post anymore so i 'll just ask .
someone asked something about mediums contacting spirits of bad people such as criminals and what happens to their souls .
someone responded that sometimes they have like a reset something about a phoenix and that when they are born again they start as new .
now i remembered that when i was little i had these violent instincts i 'd feel this hate inside me but at the same time i 'd know it 's wrong and i would n't share it with anyone i 'd try to hide it feeling ashamed .
i was lucky enough to receive a good education and good values and i always had this feeling that i 've been corrected but i still have this evil side that i can notice sometimes and it scares me .
i never act on it of course all the contrary i 've been told that i 'm so kind i 'm stupid but i also had this feeling my entire life of me being a man a very bad man who 's done awful things and got punished which is extremely weird since i 'm a female and even more confusing when i was just a little girl .
i have no idea how to access memories of past lives i 'm not very good with meditation either so i was wondering if anyone here could sense anything about me ?
or if anyone could do me reading or guide me somehow to find out about my past lives ?
does anyone get this feeling of evil coming from me ?
i must mention i 'm known as a good person i 'm kind and considerate but i 'm not sure i 've always been like that instead i have the feeling that i learned to be like this in this life and sometimes i feel fake like i 'm hiding my real self .
not sure all this makes sense but i 'd appreciate any answers thank you .
while not a jainist myself i was doing some research and i have a question .
and forgive me as i am not intimately familiar with jainism and its texts so please correct me on any errors of assumption i may make in this post .
i have seen some sources quote sutrakritanga 1.11.33 as follows
a man should wander about treating all creatures as he himself would be treated . ''
and in the context of an example of the golden rule https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_rule
upon searching for the full context from the text this appears to be a slightly truncated version of the full quote which i found as
indifferent to worldly objects a man should wander about treating all creatures in the world so as he himself would be treated . ''
the differences i blocked off in square brackets here so the phrase indifferent to worldly objects '' and the so '' halfway through are typically left out .
indifferent to worldly objects a man should wander about treating all creatures in the world so as he himself would be treated .
as i mentioned the first version of the quote i have seen cited as an example of the golden rule .
however in the majority of instances the golden rule is in the negative as in something like 'do not treat all creatures as you would not be treated ' where as this line would seem to indicate being in the positive .
some would not think this is a big deal but i believe it is a big difference .
in my limited understanding of jainism there exists a principal of ahimsa which i have seen summed up as non-violence non-injury an absence of harm to others which to me sounds something like the golden rule but in the negative and a little but different from line 1.11.33 .
not that they are not similar but the positive golden rule is more of a call to act in a certain way rather than more passively avoiding a way of acting .
so upon finding the non-truncated version of 1.11.33 i realized the interpretation might be a little different .
bear in mind i only speak english so i do n't know much about foreign sentence structure and how the missing words changes or affects the interpretation at all .
but my question is should 1.11.33 actually be interpreted as
indifferent to worldly objects so we 've established a frame here 'because of indifference to worldly objects ' a man should wander about treating all creatures in the world so meaning 'with indifference ' as he himself would be treated as in he would be treated with indifference therefore he should treat all creatures with this same indifference .
i am wondering if you think this is the way this line is meant to be interpreted ?
i have been taking cromolyn for a few weeks now but i know i have n't been taking it correctly '' .
my doctor said i 'm technically only supposed to eat a meal 30 minutes after a dose i 'm not really supposed to snack in between if i want the meds to work at their full capacity .
also sometimes i just do n't feel like eating right away especially with the morning dose .
i take it at 11am because that 's when i wake up but it can be hard for me to force myself to eat at 11:30 .
but i also ca n't really move it back to 12 because then my dinner dose is a bit too late .
so what is the eating window you guys have noticed you 're able to get away with when taking cromolyn ?
is it like an hour or two after taking the dose ?
i have lg c2 48 which i have been using for the last year as my monitor and i have been keeping hdr on in the windows settings cause i keep the tv brightness low to prevent any burn in but i ca n't really ignore that with hdr on the blacks do turn into gray in day to day use .
i stopped watching h3 right after he bought trisha one because even though i was n't too hot on trisha i saw ethan 's blatant exploitation of trisha from the jump .
since then i stopped watching h3 and all drama channels because the dramgeddon 's just left me feeling icky .
to this day i still do n't have a clear picture or understand why frenemies blew up the way it did .
i 'm wondering if anyone has any cool little suggestions that are n't on typical lists of things to do .
i hit most of those the first time and made a short revisit list .
so really i 'm talking about stuff only locals would know .
i saw that there is a punk rock flea market sunday nvm thats in december ... so i 've added that .
i 'm into weird different ... i like low key ... divey ... authentic ... and i 'm a beer drinker .
hopefully this does n't get removed ... just trying to get a few unique options .
guys how do you find pc like i know net asset method and other methods but everytime i make a mistake in doing and choosing a proper method .
so how do you guys identify which method to opt
can anyone recommend a humidity sensor for me to pair with home assistant via zigbee ?
so i recently started used monistat maintain feminine wash to get rid of some odor down there but i 've noticed that my outer and inner lips and around my urethra have been really irritated and painful .
i am currently on flagyl for bv but i was n't having this pain before i started using the wash ! !
i 'm gon na stop using it and see if it goes away but it 's a little worrisome .
i recently bought this game and feel i 'm ready to give it a go .
i 'm the minmaxing sort where one of my influences is minimizing regular fussy upkeep .
what i mean by that is i do n't want to play the game in a way where before every fight i have to ensure that my pistoleer eats a slice of toast and shoots his dog my sniper has to take three drugs and my heavy gunner has to set himself on fire after eating two eggs and send the party back to hq to maintain some kind of bug/exploit .
i 'll be happy with go here early to get this special gun which you can use to the end of the game level up your characters this way and every fight try to start by having your leader launch a rocket .
in the search for a build i found this video which is extremely tempting https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v4re8xow9xa https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v4re8xow9xa .
the problem is that it seems like vengeful bond is a lot of work and it may not work like it used to ?
would this character still be powerful enough to carry me if i skipped vengeful bond altogether ?
and for the sake of explaining my plan here 's the team plan i 'm working with
then lucia as a hard ass/floaty and scotchmo as a sneaky kiss ass .
maybe i 'm overthinking it but then again all the memes about this game are that the real final boss is character creation so i do n't feel like i 'm too far off base .
i compete in every live event highest grade horses are 7 currently prestige 15 almost 16 and have multiple perfect stat horses .
i 'm eager to join a team that is all active and strives for the top 100-150 .
please comment if you are in need of a competitive player to fill a spot on your team .
i 've recently been buying eggs from evergreen 's organic farm stand and i 've been really really enjoying being able to buy eggs that come from chickens that i can visually confirm are happy and healthy .
it brings me great peace of mind to eat eggs that i know came from happy chickens .
sadly evergreen 's farm stand is closed for the winter so that brings me here !
does anyone know of any local farms/families/people that sell eggs and take wonderful care of their chickens ?
ideally i would also be able to visit or at least see the chickens and their habitat like they let you do at evergreen but i recognize this might not be realistic .
i do n't think i can go back to buying grocery store eggs .
i do n't have as much as a connection to her then i do my others .
she 's an albino unknown age looks like a female but i 'm not for sure .
my mom got her january of 2022 after i said i did n't want her .
she recently scared me and she 's still on her way back to health but i do n't have money for a vet and i just want her to go to a good home .
i 'd prefer the person to have the tank 40g with proper uvb and lighting sage substrate and a bunch of hides for her she eats wonderfully not picky either she sheds wonderfully as well .
she 's a sweet little thing but still needs to be worked on with her handling .
because this is a newly built society it is not offering gas pipe connections yet .
thus i was inquiring about a new gas subscription .
the guy quoted an amount of rs.8,500 and said that i 'll have to buy two cylinders together .
this amount is insane because back home the refill charge is rs.1,050 and i know it 's similar in mumbai .
i 've heard from people that it 's normal to miss withdrawal bleeds on the pill and that it 's not an immediate indication of pregnancy but i 'm wondering how normal it is and if it is worth bringing up to my doctor .
i 've missed my withdrawal bleeds for two months in a row now on the combo pill i believe i 'm taking the brand blisovi and have been on it for about 6 months .
i 'm regularly sexually active with my partner but we always use condoms as a backup and i have not missed any pills in those two months except for twice taking between an hour or three hours late .
i know from research this should not greatly affect the efficiency of my pills .
after missing the first bleed i took a pregnancy test cheap wondfo test that i keep stocked because i like to be on the safe side and it was negative .
this month i missed my bleed again so i went to the store and got a couple frer tests which were both negative .
i know after the missed period a test should be accurate especially frer .
i suppose i 'm asking for advice on whether this is a cause for worry .
i 'm trying my best to be logical as i know i should n't have a great risk of pregnancy but i ca n't help but feel uneasy missing my withdrawal bleeds two months in a row .
i have n't even gotten breakthrough bleeding like sometimes i would when i missed a period during my first couple months on the pill .
thanks for reading and i hope you all have a lovely day 3
but guys i spent all of yesterday playfully complaining to my friend group about how many chapters of epilogue there were and then at 1am i hit the part in the last chapter where hsy is thinking to herself
if this will save you i will write the epilogue til the end of time forever ''
and i just started bawling so hard i woke up my wife lololol .
but she is in the middle of reading the novel so i could n't explain without spoilers so i came here and made my first ever reddit post because i needed to share how beautiful the meta in this book is .
it desperately makes me wish i could read korean so i could appreciate the nuance in its entirety
hi i can find an old app from 2013 but nothing that works in 2022 on android .
i dont have the time to learn it with some editor .
need/want it for a family event small fun movie .
should i go for matte/paper feel one or a traditional one ?
are they safe for the nibs of the apple pencil and it 's alternatives ?
there are 14 full toefl test in these three books in total .
reading is the most hardest part of toefl exam .
to know about the stretigies of reading watch gregmat toefl video on you tube .
kathey toefl reading book was most helpful for me to learn about the stratigies .
there are different techniques for reading which are described in kathey toefl book .
read the book carefully are try to apply those technique.also watch youtube videos about toefl reading .
i will mention important channal name in end of this post .
try to listen the lectures and the conversations from official books and practice them .
and do the listening part several times until you get a clear picture of the lecture .
if you can identify the structure then it will be easy to answer the questions .
try to practice speaking with speech to text application from google .
it will help you to know if you are pronouncing word correctly .
in speaking you have to speak fluently and give all the important details of the lecture you heard .
try to make connection of the lecture to the passage .
if you have grammer mistakes then you score will be low .
i have brought test glider account for 1 month .
you can practice one free mock in test glider there writing speaking mark are pretty accurate .
you can use free service by temporary email account .
i 've recently run into the problem where for my script my bargraph data labels seem to overlap at times .
is there a way to fix this as it makes some difficult to read ?
i also attached a picture https imgur.com/a/vvwbzp9 of what i mean .
plot time spent in top vs below portion as percentage of every hour .
title percentage of time spent above and below threshold per hour ''
i just donated them a modest amount of money .
i mean it 's kind of a strange assumption to think our nasal anatomies would be the same .
so seems reasonable to think they 'd drink from their nose .
especially since they do damn near everything else with it .
tbh i do n't think i 've ever thought about it so have no opinion but see both viewpoints
i read somewhere ! aemond was killed by demon and after the fight demond is also not found any where so basically they killed each other !
i think i literally did block it out 'cause i genuinely do n't recall it .
my brain must be trying to do me a favor for once and protected me lol
mcdaniels not letting carr call audibles and do what he does best which is commanding the offense is way worse than whatever this bs is .
if you have n't read experimental log of a crazy lich you have no idea of how much you are missing out on .
it 's a light novel i read before playing and then i realized that most of wotr was just a copy of that light novel or maybe more of a coincidence or maybe the other way around or they 're both based on the tabletop .
it 's about a lich ... it feels like a tabletop game out of everything i 've ever read it 's my favorite thing .
i have lots of tiny baby frogs against my outside window its adorable
i 've had evil ones that had to be by themselves and i 've had puppydog ones that just chill .
my current one who 's about 9 inches gets bullied by my 4 inch ebc .
not true if a player dcs by any means they will have the dc icon .
there is no way for them to know the way the person dcd
would you like to be on my podcast to discuss your experience ?
if it does n't fix itself in several hours open a service request they can reset the update from their end .
now that daylight savings has begun you can officially wear pajama bottoms to any event location or errand .
wow the salary package is still the same up until now .
i originally applied as a tsr agent on ttec but they need me to have 6 months bpo experience .
do you have any good companies na nice ang offer ?
asi224mc a camera lens for taking photos which is good for astronomers .
somebody 's baptizers where somebody is your favorite character from a 40k novel .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
u/goblinhordeking to prevent spam and avoid throwaways we require you to not hide your inner pervert and just embrace it https i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/042/514/144.gif hence we require
this is post and comment karma not awardee or awarder karma .
have a verified email you can verify your email here https www.reddit.com/prefs
alternatively you can become a verified poster by following our nsfw account verification process .
consider checking out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/hentaisource/wiki/index as it contains useful info in regards to the overall workings of the subreddit as well as a guide on reverse image searching https www.reddit.com/r/hentaisource/wiki/guides/saucenao and much more .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hentaisource if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i 'm honestly happy to see something wholesome/vanilla coming from naylor though ngl
umm changetheeworld my good friend showed this too me 3 weeks ago
when you show again and again that you ca n't count votes and report them in reasonable time you just beg for people to think something bad is up .
why are some states so good and the same ones horrible every time ?
please make sure you read our rules here https new.reddit.com/r/dating/about/rules and remember to
do not call people names engage in slapfights or give bad/unethical advice .
do not soapbox or promote an agenda you will be banned
do not post content that promotes hate based on identity or vulnerability .
if you have any questions please send the mods a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dating .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating if you have any questions or concerns .
you got this no matter how close you are to beating your meat you still have a choice to stop .
i mean a ton go until you ca n't anymore and then go to your knees and do more .
rest for 5 minutes and get a drink of water and then keep going .
you 'll lose any and all desire to grab your dick .
you had us till the last point not gon na lie ...
absolutely do n't let anyone tell you otherwise and you have beautiful eyes too
i ca n't access my snapchat and some sites .
sorry we require a minimum account age for posting in r/straighttosissy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/straighttosissy if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't care about mine and that 's cool because you should n't .
we 're just coworkers nothing more let 's keep our private lives out of our professional lives .
people need to get this through their thick skulls sometimes .
when your private life needs bleed into my professional life i take issue with that .
built bars are 130 cals 17g protein about as low as it gets
in case you did n't watch the 4 hour evermore video which i do n't blame you for the grid is run by the same guy who owns evermore and who was behind the void .
he 's got a long history of overpromising so i 'm gon na be skeptical that grid will actually be involved here .
this man definitely feels like he has made female employees feel uncomfortable in his lifetime .
the amount of times i 've seen angels are dickish bureaucratic assholes is too many
yeah bro i 'm just tryna read some info about the game and i got ta see this
i personally do n't think it was a great show regardless specifically the second half .
i really liked the first few episodes up until after he gets shot .
just sit on my face and i 'll make you cum too 👅💦
dear u/choose_lee your post needs manual approval before it becomes visible on the sub due to the age of your account .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hungary if you have any questions or concerns .
if she says you do n't need to wear a condom you better wear a condom
yta what exactly bothers you when she is moving out ?
it is not like you will never see her again just a bit less .
maybe your other daughter will even appreciate having the room to herself once her sister has moved out .
maybe a bit of a distance can even help the from what you describe kind of rocky relationship that you and your wife seem to have with your daughter .
i 'll wait till the console is at it 's eol then buy the best revision .
w-wait i said no i say surprised as i try to back away from you while you grope me
i have softened on the whole women date badboys '' thing .
they definitely do i just watched an episode of cops where some cute young woman with a black eye begged her bf who gave her the black eye to stop fighting the police in front of their kids .
women will defend the guy who punched her in the face before they go for a boring guy .
but on the other hand and this is how i softened it 's the same exact problem guys have where they date psychos .
no dude your girl is n't just naturally super fun and energetic she 's just on the upward end of a moodswing .
men and women are both vulnerable to the halo effect and sunk cost fallacy .
this bugs me too even the most official of sources keep calling him a pharmacy tech .
i actually do n't know if i 've seen any media call him a shift supervisor only on reddit does that fact seem to be well-known .
but if journalists ca n't even do that much fact-checking i question the accuracy of whatever else they say .
they totally had it coming to them but we have all these damned nukes and stupid rules that say we ca n't go beat the shit out of another nuclear power that we have all these fucking treaties with which in the us are law by which we have to abide .
but then they went and fucked with the toughest motherfuckers on the planet who just needed a lot of money and weapons to kick the snot out of the murderous internationally meddlesome looting rapine criminal invaders .
and for the first time in my life all that weaponry is being used for what the usa once tried to stand for freedom .
we are lucky to be able to be so helpful in their time of need soon i 'm sure we shall have to look to them for help and guidance and i do n't worry for it .
oh okay if you got the legacy bundle i 'd probably start with the shadowkeep missions .
you can delete any gear with a gray icon in the corner that 's old gear that ca n't be brought any higher .
it was affecting my ability to sleep my ability to think straight it was literally making me physically sick like i would get nauseous and sweaty .
i also have an upcoming trip to iceland soon with my mom and this trip means a lot to her and she wants me to enjoy it .
i knew i could n't enjoy all the wonders of that country if i was to busy thinking about jacking off .
because on top of that i 'm not getting the gift my girlfriend promised me if i won .
what 's with the two guys holding the canvas ?
no but im want to know whats ur comment is about sorry for 4d delay i got banned
imagine how bad she was freaking out about losing it .
tl dr dutch men suck at reading subtle signals .
i do n't suck at subtle signals i just do n't care for them .
if i wanted a puzzle i 'd go play wordle .
let me know what you want when you make up your mind .
i used to wait at 12th and jackson sometimes to pick up a friend 's son from school .
i felt unsafe with the windows up and doors locked on my car .
one drugged up woman thought i was there to sell her drugs one time bc i was sitting in my car just waiting for my friend 's son .
sky club the entire 2018 atlanta united team at least 95 i think brad guzan was in the terminal
in fc matt stafford atl-las the year the lions drafted him and christiane amanpour cnn/pbs lga-atl
in the terminal – lax-slc i sat down at the gate and happened to be talking to this very nice older woman and she was talking about how she and her husband were going to pdx and we were talking restaurants in pdx slc .
after a few moments her husband came over and i happened to be talking to mrs. winkler as henry came over to ask if she wanted coffee .
he was flying up to film season 2 of barry this one is my favorite experience
phr4r is not a discussion forum please send chat/private messages to the original poster instead .
after several incidents of doxxing witch-hunting and drama between redditors being advertised we decided to lock each post .
many redditors have had their accounts suspended by the administrators for not following the policy .
do due diligence on everyone you talk to here before committing to anything .
be careful about the information you provide to strangers whether in private messages or group chats .
surveys sugar-related job-related ads collab efforts providing services asking for donations or tips and referral links are not allowed .
accept at your own risk if you are offered to do so via pms .
subreddit moderators are not responsible for what happens in private messages .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's definitely the scheme to just hope they miss .
i want him to be the main democrat dude in the future .
i really wan na use szwego but i aint got a wechat account and the subreddit for that is literal cancer do n't know who to trust
ja man i noticed nike is using dpd too all the time .
alright sit your raised in toronto forest hill gentrified ass down lmao
my name is tara and i used to be a coward and on some days i 'm brave .
to finally stop running from myself was the most important thing i 've ever done .
all flat chassis buggies and truggies are variations of the same fundamental design .
i 'll get crucified for saying it but this chassis looks like an associated looks like a tlr looks like a tekno looks like an arrma ... you get what i mean .
those first few bars hit me hard and represented my life when i first heard it .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
sauté the hand-shredded king oyster mushrooms until cooked and cut the carrots into thin shreds .
remove the seeds of the chili peppers then cut half of them into strips and mince the other half of the chili peppers .
soak the spring roll wrappers in warm water until softened .
then place the fillings on a wrapper and gently make a roll .
blend the sugar light soy sauce and lemon juice together thoroughly and add the shredded chili peppers and mint leaves to the mixture and stir .
drizzle the sauce on top of the spring rolls and sprinkle the peanuts on top then serve .
this is my rock there are many like it but this one is mine .
and the vault tracks are going to end us all
no im under covered california but i still live with my parent my mom says do n't have kids please '' but my extended family says i should .
i do n't have nothing to loss so i will
hunter is one of the most uncomfortable motorcycle even for young people .
because of the stiff suspension system and lean forward sitting posture .
i would suggest extend your budget a bit and get the meteor 350 .
most comfortable motorcycle you can get at this price range .
you will not feel any issues even for long rides .
plus if you install a touring seat it will provide an even better comfort level with back lumber support .
throwaway prevention your post was automatically removed because your account is less than 30 days old .
please message moderators for approval of this comment and ask to become an approved submitter to bypass this prevention .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tradwave if you have any questions or concerns .
the whole universe just for the most part understanding english 😅
i do n't favor a particular brand but generally just look at the boxes of cornbread and pick one that is basically plain .
also he is a pyramid scheme pushing pseudo science snake oil salesmen corrupt bag of crazy town .
hence the quotes around local and the clarification that he refers to anything other than presidential as local
we just did a mass batch of rye old fahioneds amd they were a huge hit .
750 ml rye 5 oz simple several dashes orange bitters .
i like it ... . lyrically it 's some of mustaine 's best songwriting
you can write an unsent letter and ask for advice from the community .
certainly not fox 's god awful reality show that was cancelled in the middle of the first season
i miss when postmerge immunity challenges were n't mostly stand here in place and balance .
it 's only the second challenge so i hope i 'm wrong .
played tos when i was 14 on the gamecube and it 's still my top tales game !
start all 3 .. obvious there but if you ca n't then cpatt sits
they always do that us and uk are seen has the saviors of the world .
but en realidad son una ola de piratas disfrazados de reyes .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
not well known but check out il mostro with roberto benigni
in the early days of instagram his name was it 's lavish bitch or something like that and he 's say stuff like you made your beds peasants now sleep in it and pictures of himself pouring fancy water in toilets pretending he was absolutely loaded .
dude ended up being a huge troll who was a valet or something .
its actually pretty clear and very spelled out what i 'm looking for lol
no they are n't shut up you poo poo head ! ! !
choosing between tim robinson and sandra saying i do n't know about that was difficult but how can i say no to a crossover episode ?
are you actually coded as a certified tech correctly ?
that 's the only thing i can think of why you would n't be at 17.50 unless you 're a union store ?
he needs to stay up every night and be nervous continually .
while he goes home to his mega mansion and vacation in his multi million dollar vacation homes fully staffed his chipotle employees who are keeping him rich can barely make ends meet .
if they all stop working for a week he would fold .
actually i 'll just take the caps on the guy with the ammo i 'll be at whitespring station psn manutsak
he 's 19 ... .it 's been two whole months ... . let that sink in.pleaae do n't call it love .
lol of take that to mean he 's using you but that truly does come with age.lol who knows ?
things might work out but learn to communicate especially if you think you 're in love '' .
it 's infatuation by the way and i can promise you that .
talk about long term goals and see where that gets ya .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotmoms if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not your adhd.. maybe you have difficulty with public speaking .
adhd does n't make you talk to fast.. anxiety does .see if you can rectify that .
and sorry to hear that you did n't get to live out your dream today .
welcome to the rinku singh worship club i 'm quite famous here
i work in a sex shop and if i could send daniel some of the crazy shit we sell i would
tony took control away from them because they booked themselves to lose too much btw .
russians have banned neo nazi aesthetics but they never actually banned far-right groups from existing ... now they are employed by the police and army .
there is no difference between a guy with a swastika and guy with red star if they both believe in same things .
tu ne sais pas par où commencer ni où trouver des communautés qui t'intéressent ?
lorsque l'on créer un compte sur reddit on peut se trouver confronté⸱e à un problème de karma https www.reddit.com/r/monpremierpost/wiki/index/faq wiki_c.27est_quoi_le_.22karma.22_.3f .
pour avoir plus d'expérience et que les autres utilisateurs le voient n'hésite pas à commenter les réponses de tes publications pour inviter les autres membres à échanger .
on répond à toutes ces questions dans r/bonjour alors rejoins nous !
exos are enterprise grade rated for longer life and nearby operation for better reliability not to mention they 're helium sealed and are mostly cmr .
if i remember correctly some of their older ones were smr
barracudas are just cheap consumer drives meant to hit a price point sometimes rated at half the lifetime run hours as exos and are typically not as high capacity as exos
there 's a barracuda pro which kinda throws a wrench into the equation though
edit an exos is worse at keeping your wallet happy
did you mean the former queen of the united kingdom https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_of_the_united_kingdom the former queen of canada https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monarchy_of_canada the former queen of australia https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monarchy_of_australia etc ?
the last queen of england was queen anne https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anne queen_of_great_britain who with the 1707 acts of union dissolved the title of king/queen of england .
was n't queen elizabeth ii still also the queen of england ?
this was only as correct as calling her the queen of london or queen of hull she was the queen of the place that these places are in but the title does n't exist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
i 'm selling a tore up truck shortly for 850 .
i bought for 500 but cold weather is coming and we have too many cars .
the gas line rusted i bought a new one .
i put all new rear brakes calipers pads and a brake line .
afaict the water regs used to say g26.1 all premises supplied with water for domestic purposes should have at least one conveniently situated tap for supplying drinking water directly from the supply pipe .
g26.2 in houses a drinking water draw-off tap should normally be sited over the kitchen sink . ''
i think the newer ammended regulations might now just say that every premises must have a drinking water tap and that any taps with water not suitable for drinking must be marked as such .
so especially in an older house the kitchen tap should be connected to the mains supply and therefore safe to drink from .
but the bathroom tap may well be supplied from a tank in the loft which might possibly be full of dirt bird crap dead rats dead pigeons etc .
so because of this lots of people including me have always drawn drinking water from the kitchen tap out of habit .
i learned the hard way ... hire a us expat tax lawyer for consultation and ask your questions .
no one in the internet has ever been able to answer my questions because us tax system isnt created for humans to understand .
i ran e6 connect on the same year mbp just with a higher processor and less ram .
you will need to run bootcamp for them to run under windows..
i definitely do n't think it will handle gs pro without turning the quality down to low and running at a low resolution .
if you have an external drive enclosure it might be worth seeing if you can get the laptops drive out and hook it op to a working pc .
it is possible that windows only corrupted the boot partition and that all the files are still intact .
you could use the build in disk manager or something like minitool partition wizard to see if there is anything on the drive .
most people do n't just skip class because they wo n't get caught .
if she 's telling you that you do n't know what she 's going through there 's a chance that something deeper is there .
maybe issues at home relationship issues or even issues you do n't know about at school .
that being said it should n't come to the point of her just crossing you off and treating you like garbage .
i 'm going to say nta but your friend probably needs some help and patience .
not your job if you do n't want it to be .
if you do want to keep the friendship then i 'd try getting to know her a bit more personally .
maybe hang out more and see where her actions are stemming from .
some members of the police take issue when they perceive that their authority is disrespected .
this is where south park 's respect my authoritey bit comes from .
i would never challenge a police request for something trivial as being identified or searched even if i knew they were illegal .
if you run into a cop with a god complex that can lead to escalation and there is a huge disbalance in power .
these things can be challenged after the fact via lawyers and courts .
and if they ca n't get you a measure of justice that way you 're not getting even close one on one in the heat of the moment .
just smile and comply and get the interaction over with .
annoying people is more effective at night which they ca n't do as to not get caught .
it 's funny we semi got this in warzone but never actually got it for mw2019
because ballots postmarked by election day in california are allowed to be counted ... the state also has a larger amount of mail in voting than others .
he 's not a typical rich guy he 's a rich snobby and pompous ass with daddy issues who pretends to be woke and have empathy for the people
i do n't think it 's an issue that i 'm not allowed to call a police officer a bastard for no reason
or she could have waited and jumped onto it and got down faster that way
if you do n't need lightning ⚡ can choose bip39 wallets like samourai write down your seed and restore it in any other bip39 wallet .
mercury starrunner works good for loading and unloading vehicles .
does n't do great in a fight but as the name says it 's good at running away .
also i run the carrack solo all the time .
med bed as a spawn point is great for bunkers or cave missions .
i 've got buys set all the way down .
it 's not a super liquid asset so there will be opportunities to grab some cheap wicks in a bear market .
i 've been pretty surprised at his ability to hold the line at 15 weeks for abortion instead of a total ban like in many other trifecta gop states .
and i have n't really heard him say much about opposing marriage equality compared to candidates in like tn or ms .
it would seem from a brief look that there are no plans as such but there is time on pcf 's hands to do something .
nothing to do with outriders specifically has been mention but they have said in the past that the game is a long-term project for them .
i bet he volunteered to change the kids ' diapers .
has n't happened in my area but i expect it too as well
electing dems drops the gas price ! ! ! !
it actually does n't last more than a couple hours .
8 at max and that only if you 're prepping for a busy night .
i 've used it for weeks out of the refrigerator and it still has plenty of flavor .
not as much as when it 's first pressed but it 's there .
everything else i see seems completely contradictory to this experience though .
why is n't citric acid of all things meant to last more than 8 hours in the fridge ?
note to kode-blue you are a narcissistic ass for your futile attempts to publicly shame the mother of your children .
i do n't know how allo people get anything done .
i know my hubby who is allo just gets blue balled and stays horney for days on end because his too busy to deal with it .
you want it both ways and you 're not going to get it .
they gave her the job as a concession for her medical needs .
now that her needs have abated they have decided to rescind the position .
the language in title vii is designed to protect people who are pregnant from experiencing discrimination due to their choice to start a family .
i 'm unsure how you feel that it 's not fair '' or that they 've done something wrong .
it 's conflict like this that makes companies draft incredibly specific policies that ensure everyone gets the minimum amount of consideration legally possible .
because when they do act in the best interest of the employee even when they are n't legally required to do so somebody complains .
in fact they made accommodations for your wife in her time of need .
trying to turn that act of empathy into a suicide pact is just bad form .
in hindsight they should have completely ignored your wife 's best interest and her medical needs to begin with chosen a different candidate for the job and this whole conflict could have been avoided .
the upside is that if you make a loud enough stink about this that 's precisely what they 'll do in the future .
they 'll make everyone fill out ada paperwork for all medical needs and only provide the reasonable accommodations '' that are the least strenuous to the business .
they 'll do everything by the book '' to make sure that they are legally covered and the law is exactly satisfied to the letter .
every minor medical inconvenience will become a new labyrinth of doctor 's notes paperwork and hr conferences .
then the trees will all be made equal by hatchet axe and saw .
i 'm glad you can recognize that people care about you and that you are loved .
this shit is hard sometimes but you are never alone 💓
that makes sense in theory but why is swan the only place selling 17k btc ... literally every other exchange has it at 16.5ish google has it at 16.5 ... swan is literally 600 over spot and no one else is ...
i did n't know there 's a cap to types in comments had to write it all down twice and almost lost it the second time too .
you 're very right i think it 'll be a tough sell with us hosting such large insurance companies .
impressive but post the same angle so we can really ooh and ahh .
the only reason there are tarps there is for your mom because she 's so fat. mjf
yea i understand but to add to contextualise your example..even i dont do somebody else 's work without a good reason but when im in a similar problem the same person would n't do the same for me
they do a bunch of things including ruining your day .
tell them to piss off by performing an interdiction pulse .
also i think that for better ingame perfornance you can use sensitivity that combines shoulder wrist and finger movement so i personally triyng to not play on the sens below 30cm/360 cuz i want my aim to be smooth and precise as possible while maintaining speed tho in kovaaks i usually play on 27cm/360 on every scenario except static dots
i can see m'baku having a big role in whatever comes next the setup suggests that there is going to be further conflict in wakanda possibly the us attacking thunderbolts maybe ?
and as king m'baku would n't hold back if attacked .
ok but what does hyperinflating your profile 's gross income stat do ?
why would someone do this just for shits and giggles ?
all posts must have accurate flairs or they will be removed .
please see updated rules https redd.it/w433k6 if you are unsure .
flairs with the word specify '' in them must have the primary system/type you want feedback on either in the title or comment .
selfie typing posts are not permitted between saturday tuesday utc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dressforyourbody if you have any questions or concerns .
for some reason i was imagining op would be compiling the library as well during the build .
then the answer is it all depends on what the library does .
the library might take an array of structs and assume the memory address after the last member is the start of the next struct .
i 'm wondering if his dietary issues make him shit himself and op has to clean up
surprisingly that persona 's the least of their worries when it comes to that rating
nate silver has pointed out that if missouri used the same rule for redistricting house races that it uses or claims to use for state house races our congressional delegation would be five safe republican seats two safe democratic seats and one swing seat
missouri 's districts drawn to be compact while trying to respect county borders https projects.fivethirtyeight.com/redistricting-maps/missouri compact
if some kind of independent redistricting commission were to try to match the makeup of the districts to the most recent presidential vote he says it could easily be done and would yes produce exactly the outcome you pointed out five safe republican seats one safe democratic seat and two seats that lean democratic
missouri 's districts drawn to promote proportionally partisan representation https projects.fivethirtyeight.com/redistricting-maps/missouri proportional
it should however be pointed out that this map is almost certainly not legal under the voting rights act as it would so thoroughly dilute minority voters that in many years it would result in an all-white congressional delegation .
all maps on the fivethirtyeight atlas of redistricting project are drawn using literally the exact same software that professional gerrymandering consultants use just with different desired outcomes selected .
she 's not the brightest crayon in the box that 's for sure .
yes that would have helped would n't it have ?
lol it was attached to the railing and it took that off when it fell too .
no this is n't a joke and should n't be treated as a joke .
it 's small things like these jokes that enable guys to be blatantly arrogant and disrespectful towards women .
see if she thinks of it as a joke or an innocent curiosity .
if she gets even a little uncomfortable then u know this kinda behavior from ur friend is absolutely unacceptable .
do talk and knock some sense into ur friend .
if he realises his mistake and apologies and never does it again good for him and credits to u for stepping up .
playing on uwqh and on high settings i 'm probably not much help but i get somewhat consistent 144fps with r3700x and a rtx3080 32gb ddr4 cl16 3600mhz
your flair will update once your partner replies to your comment .
u/viridez please reply to the above comment with your feedback only after your transaction is complete and both sides have received their end of the transaction .
once you reply you will both get credit and your flair scores will increase .
u/viridez if you did not complete a transaction with this person please do not reply to their comment as this will confirm the transaction .
instead please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/gamesale subject=incorrectly 20tagged 20confirmation message=u 2fedgargdo 20incorrectly 20tagged 20me 20in 20this 20comment 3a 20https 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fcomments 2fykla3r 2f 2fivt9kc5 so we can contact the user and handle the situation .
buy the developer a coffee https kofi.regexr.tech or support this project monthly https patreon.regexr.tech
dude how did you get that vhs effect on ur screen ? ?
i too wan na try that but idk how to achieve it..
makes total sense for cubans to be right wing because of their history however here in the states those positions go against their own interests for the most part .
i find him very snide but can see he has redeeming characteristics
that guy arrives in updaam 20 seconds in advance and waits for juliana to spawn .
what the idiots do n't understand is this system will take time and it 's not sustainable for bots and they 'll get weeded out .
je nach deinem verhältnis zum chef würde ich gleich in der früh zu ihm und dann das so machen und zusätzlich schriftlich wegen datum usw .
he died in an argument so it could be anyone
not to mention the speeding passing on the right and lack of signaling .
he did honk though so the other guy is the idiot 🙄
continue the guardian rises quest and you 'll be able to i 'm pretty sure
and this is how long term care facilities become overused by folks who do n't need that much care and those who need it wait .
we would like to remind everyone that on every trading post dm trades are not permitted in this subreddit .
if you move to dm trades you may be banned !
please keep everything public post all pictures to your profile or link an image sharing platform like imgur if needed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonhome if you have any questions or concerns .
happily til you 're dehydrated or i 'm suffocating ether way i 'm good
brillant post btw i doubt many people realised you were one of the people who are why mental asylums exist .
a classic case of the unreliable narrator very impressive .
it seems you 're even using the age-old fallen hero with a sympathetic backstory corrupted by evil '' cliche .
nnn should be about perseverance not a gamble to simply not be tempted https youtu.be/vupmtp1z0z4 ... stand strong or perish https youtu.be/4icebjtb9va comrade !
the boy w all that money has access to the best dieticians nutritionists trainers equipment anywhere any time etc.. hard to see him personally cave to some procedure rather than just putting that work in bc the means allow it .
tópicos não interessantes de se discutir abertamente por questões de popularidade mas que invariavelmente são discutidos em portas fechadas e depois levam as pessoas a questionar porque o governo x não foi tão esquerda quanto o esperado etc
i do n't care what you do for a living .
if it was ohio it would have tentacles and cthulhu 's head
r/verifiedfeet our biggest and primary foot page dedicated to high quality verified foot models
r/verifiedsexy for models who want to show more than just feet
r/verifiedfeetgifs specifically for feet videos gifs and tiktok foot content
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/publicfeetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm generally thrilled with advance but for painting vertical old wood trim already installed i find that it look great and then drip and sag when i turn my back .
if i am obsessive about tipping off '' to control for drips i 'm very pleased with it .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
you have failed to ask a question in your title
your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title .
double check everything including punctuation and try posting again .
if you 're wanting to tell a story or explain something please try r/self .
if you 're needing advice of any kind try r/advice
if you 're looking for a fact based answer try r/answers
if you 're looking for something that has slipped your mind try r/tipofmytongue .
anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs .
if you need more clarification or feel this was an error please contact the mods and provide a link to this post thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
could i bargain to remove the brain damaged part and leave the ingrate ?
i sincerely believe that those who choose to flout science and public health are accurately described as being ungrateful and i do n't think that 's abusive or predatory .
although ... . if you 're out there getting covid the odds are high that you do suffer brain damage ... .
it 's sad that every competitive video game ends up with a ridiculously toxic player base no matter what .
all it makes me think when people act like that is that they have some desperate need to feel superior and nobody takes it seriously in real life so they use the game as more of an outlet to be obnoxious without accountability rather than actually trying to do something fun .
like we are playing colorful cartoon characters shooting orbs and booping each other .
i think conservative zoomers are notable due to their relative rarity .
can we please just bring back the spree/amare/j lin era jersey ?
ohh i kept searching in higher mission areas for them 😅
justin did not come back for eliza nor was he ever interested in her .
he 's fake and there 's a reason his bff andrew said do n't go for justin lol
i 'm never going to play in a 5 stack either .
yeah please turn on notifications ... . winner will be chosen in next giveaway
i used to work in a hospital call center and it was always funny how many people would call for my help but before they would let me answer their question the would have to go into a long story about what they think may have happened to make their billing do whatever weird thing it did .
like sir that 's nice you have so many theories but i have the answer right in front of my nose if you will just be quiet long enough for me to tell you .
definitely had to work on my patience skills at that job pun unintended but left in !
i mean ... '' am i the only one who hates country music '' is kind of like saying hey i just discovered this amazing underground artist you probably have n't heard of him michael jackson ? ''
i was indeed the admin 😂 just my own server .
i think it may have had something to do with the building decay ?
was hoping someone could tell me if it 's possible to just play on your own server for however long
yes i agree it 's not that important in the scheme of things.it 's probably not as much as i thought it might have been .
‘only ' a discount of million give or take .
if i was a billionair with a large stake in my own company i would probably not take anything as compensation while the company struggles .
oh so u/j_like runs him out of town and everything is fine but i say one word and i 'm practically murdered in cold blood ?
what does the remainder of the plant look like ?
is there an alternative lead that 's on the hard side and comes in a similar grade ?
i 'm using tombow mg hb for reference and i 'd prefer something lighter but primarily keeping the textured feel of the lead .
first video found https www.youtube.com/watch ? v sg-o1ofhm https www.youtube.com/watch ? v sg-o1ofhm
one more https youtu.be/8bjhqrx\_i8u ? t=39 https youtu.be/8bjhqrx_i8u ? t=39
hollow parts of castings which can be formed by simple withdrawable shapes can be introduced into die castings .
in this case the core is a permanent feature of the die tooling and is usually made from steel and is sometimes water cooled .
pressure die cast engine blocks are among the most ambitious aluminium alloy castings made by this process .
more complex interior shapes can not be withdrawn and thus require to be formed by disposable cores .
the most common type is the resin-bonded sand core in which the resin is designed to break down after casting allowing the sand to flow out of the cored cavity .
alternatively in a few instances cores can be dissolved out such as salt core by water or silica core by hydrofluoric acid in the case of ni-based turbine blades .
once surrounded by liquid metal the core will be subject to buoyancy forces which will tend to make it float .
this is not so bad in liquid magnesium where the density difference with silica sand is near zero .
similar neutral buoyancy applies for the aluminium/zircon sand system .
buoyancy becomes increasingly problematic for the common systems such as silica sand together with liquid aluminium or iron or other dense metals such as copper and steel the latter systems more particularly so because of the higher casting temperatures involved .
flotation forces have to be withstood by adequate mechanical support of the core usually by good print design and location or often less desirably by internal steel reinforcement or metallic supports chaplets which are cast into the product as permanent features .
i was n't in your exact position but i certainly was n't able to picture living without alcohol .
turns out i did n't need to know what it would be like i just had to begin the process of removing it from my life ... everything else fell into place after that .
i really hope you take the medical advice others have given you ...
i hope to get an update from you soon .
honestly would probably make more money from of now too .
we just wanted to let you know that we have a new discord server come join the chat !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jobs if you have any questions or concerns .
even without knowing a single thing i ran into my first battle swinging away like a fucking idiot .
i only started playing last week and it makes me think how much fun launch must have been with everyone being that idiot .
freedom does n't lie in applause and achievement but precisely in not caring about other 's opinions .
i also use witch hazel to help with keeping it all cleaned a d not dried out
r/onlyfansfaces is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansfaces if you have any questions or concerns .
chugging a weed and smoking a beer leads to the narcotic sexualities of toaster strudels .
i 'd imagine they 're reusing the 4090 heatsink to save on development costs for amd cards and recoup the losses they 're taking on nvidia cards .
since it feels like the day is over and i have to go to work the next day
i really hope it 's just because they 're new but i feel like most of these designs will never grow on me .
both meowscarada and quaquaval look way too humanoid the concepts are pretty good but the designs just feel off to me .
that applies even more with skeleridge i love the concept of a fire/ghost type crocodile with a spirit cleaner bird yet the eyes look wrong for a starter the marks on the mask are way too much and the body shapes just do n't fit .
i do n't even dare to go cold turkey because i start seeing spooky stuff on maybe the first or second dry night .
never kept track of it in hours so not sure .
what if you pass out then we folm what we do to your unconscious body ?
and at least include a note that the other side is similar .
the above submission has been removed for at least one of the listed reasons
it appears to be a wall of text and needs to be broken into paragraphs .
you need to add two returns between paragraphs for reddit to show them .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+wall+of+textg message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/yruh5b/me_m26_and_my_gf_f26_have_been_fighting_a_lot and include your problem .
you accidentally submitted a block of code to r/relationships .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
because if you yell back at drugged up people they will all rally together in their victim mentality and try to harass you into moving .
they 'll be screaming in ops face every night .
ca n't deal with drugged up people like normal and rational people .
whatever they are hyped up on short circuits that .
so very helpful to point out when trying to figure out a solution .
sorryyyy last thing lol do you guys ever become more switchy when stressed/when you first discovered your system ?
at the moment i seem to be switching every like 3 hrs
years ago i opened a td ameritrade account with only 50 and still have it with 50 in it untouched i only use it to do analysis experiment backtest etc and as a backup charting program .
idk what the minimum is now but 50 used to be the minimum and once you have the account you can access both the live and historical market data going back years at no additional cost for anything stocks futures forex etc .
yeah i feel like daniyell could easily have a month long thread and it would n't get full because 99 of her stuff is here
thats great those women have you in your life to help transport and pay for an abortion .
what about those that dont have men in their lives like us that would do anything for them ?
what about a single rape victim that works minimum wage and doesnt have transportation ?
thats a lame copout allowing the government to dictate what women do with their bodies how can you be ok with this ?
nuge is an 83 lol could n't find me a kane on the market fast enough
why are you mocking me i do n't even know you .
that was the moment in my rewatch that my gf started calling him captain riverdale ''
i know but i choose to ignore facts because she 's the best girl
if this gains traction i will post the 2nd round and so on .
1 first core skill cast uncosions/sleep on enemy to charge instantly focus bar analog but that also create psi link that deal damage when sleeper get killed focus partially lost if all focus spented that enemy died need new
2 second core skill do n't spend focus is spread illusion gas on movement tiles that gas increase lifetime of illusions
3 but other skills are all spend focus examples illusions of covers barrels traps shadowbind mimic summons domination+drive like buff for sleeper minion
4 advent support units are big trouble for that class because they can wake up enemies awakened enemies got buff that protect them from turn sleep again
i 've already posted this in r/wacom but i want any help possible .
also sorry for the vague title in advance it 's hard to summarize this properly .
i 'm using a wacom cintiq pro 16 2018 and i 've been facing a lot of issues with it recently .
turning it on normally by just pressing the power button on the top right does n't work as intended and just returns the no signal '' box on startup before going into power saving mode .
in order to turn it on i have to unplug and replug the power supply to use it .
a relatively minor problem but it also randomly disconnects every now and then before reconnecting by itself .
the above problem does not apply when this happens .
recently when replugging the power supply my main monitor also starts to flicker briefly .
my cintiq had also been unrecognized by the driver recently though i 've fixed it .
however now inputs are no longer registered by my pen only when using the program i use for art .
here are my computer 's main specs if it 'll help .
wires used power supply wire wires needed for wacom link plus hdmi to hdmi usb-a to micro-usb usb-c to usb-c
i 've tested my tablet on another windows pc as well as a macbook pro and they seem to work just fine with no obvious complications .
i 've replaced all the wires needed as well so it does n't seem to be a hardware issue with the tablet .
putting my computer on safe mode does n't seem to help since my tablet does n't get detected by my computer anyway .
i 've also tried redownloading the latest driver as well as rolling back but these problems still occur .
i 've contacted customer support already but they are n't exactly helping as well as i 'd expect so i 'd like to receive some assistance before emailing them further .
it definitely points to being a system software issue though i 'm not sure what exactly could be causing it perhaps conflict between drivers ?
klar es ist weltweit bekannt dass die ausschüttung reinvestiert wird aber wie funktioniert das in der praxis ?
ich habe noch nie einen besessen und interessiere mich momentan für den ishares core msci world ucits etf usd acc isin ie00b4l5y983 wkn a0rpwh mein broker ist degiro .
bei dividenden etfs gibt es ja einen stichtag und dann fällt am nächsten tag der kurs um den wert der dividende .
i 'm more specifically talking about the ones that guarantee certain things will happen in your playthrough .
for me it 's nice having a bit of certainty in kaiserreich 's chaotic progression but mostly when it 's something that can make or break my playthrough .
i wanted to hear whether you guys use them and which are the ones you usually go for .
6.4 mb registered by koeri alomax scevent 2022-11-11 10:48:57 utc gibbous moon tonga islands region 19.43 172.36 ± 18 km ↓42 km likely felt 360 km away service.geonet.org.nz
a couple of the players in our group have taken the status merit to represent general standing in the isolated town our campaign is set in .
but i was having some issues trying to understand exactly what each dot represents .
obviously i understand the five is better than four and four is better than three etc .
would it even make sense character to have five dots in status ?
3 seems pretty powerful to me and one seems barely more than a nobody .
i 'm 25m a graduate student in stem field and i 'm tired of trying to date .
i never been in a relationship nor have i even kissed a girl before .
it 's really harming my self esteem and i dunno what to do .
i 'm not a shut-in and i really try to put myself out there '' .
i do have a lot of friends who are women but i do n't want to place my expectations on anyone and pressurize them .
however i did ask a couple of them out and thankfully despite getting rejected we 're still friends .
i 'm sorry to sound boastful but i do get compliments on my looks every once in a while .
so i can assume i 'm not bad looking .
my dorm mates co-living do think i 'm very social they did say those exact words but still feel alone despite this .
i dunno what i 'm doing so wrong that i still have n't been with a girl even once so far .
this fact is slowly taking it 's toll on me and i 'm afraid that it 'll consume me .
i tried dating apps and despite getting matches i hardly ever get responses .
i will try joining some hobby clubs as i really enjoy climbing and painting but i do n't have high hopes .
p. s to anyone who says focus on yourself do n't force these things '' i have been doing that my whole life .
but at this point these do n't seem like an answer and now i ca n't focus on anything until i get this issue resolved .
does anyone have details on pleasure palace opening back up any subreddits dedicated to this ?
the eternal pessimist in me is having a hard time seeing the win with the current injuries i need some hope
if i glaze polymer clay in a gloss varnish like liquitex will it be ok inside of a snow globe ?
i remember seeing a long time ago someone put a little polymer clay figure in a snow globe and it started going pale or something after a while .
i ca n't remember if they painted it did n't use a glaze or maybe they used a glaze and it still did it ?
anyway will it be ok with a glaze and possibly without a glaze ?
as i 'm sure this sub know all too well opioid addiction and withdrawal is one of the hardest to get through .
there is a less than 5 recovery rate for those who undergo rehab mostly due to the failure of us policy .
then there 's ibogain this miracle drug that after one dose can supposedly stop opioid withdraws entirely and even prevent craving for months .
it is a hallucinogenic drug like mescaline but it could be possible that in small micro doses it has huge medicinal benefit .
sadly this drug is classified as schedule 1 in the usa the most dangerous class with no medicinal benefit .
this means rehab clinics can not provide it as treatment and addicts have to get it illegally through unsafe means .
given that the fentanyl and opioid crisis is ravaging millions of americans why is there no policy change or media coverage about this medicine ?
something does n't seem right you have this cure to the opioid crisis and you just ignore it ?
my thinking is that there is something more sinister at play .
corruption at the highest level to keep people addicted to opioids .
maybe something to do with lobbying behind the scenes by the sackler family the family that paid off hundreds of researchers to lie about the safety profile of oxycontin .
does anyone have any articles or research or thoughts on this ?
i want to delve into it deeper but i really do n't know much .
now i know these are kind of being overdone but i feel like it 's been something a lot of fan including me have been waiting for is a sit tour .
anyway this is going to be completely personal snd hopefully so i doubt they play all of these songs especially the non sit or senjutsu ones .
15 songs like the last tour and 4 songs off each of the two featured albums is my criteria .
i just got this laptop today and the rgb keyboard is flickering exclusively in zone 1 .
is there a way to fix this or should i try to get a replacement ?
first of all how do i make sure it 's dry enough to paint on ?
and can i use paint with linseed oil to paint over it .
previously i was working wet on wet but i made some value mistakes that i want to correct and maybe add some details .
anyone else thought that there would be some new modes this year ?
like the base modes are ok but kinda repetitive especially since there 's not a lot of maps .
i was hoping for something with water like considering they talked about it so much .
i would 've liked to see a vertical style mode .
where you and your team have to secure 3 or 5 floors with each lasting 2 minutes .
you can rappel on the side of the building and fight outside or swing in and go head to head .
the buildings near high rise would 've been great or even the building from the chicago mission .
i would like for ctf and cranked to be added .
i would n't mind some 10v10 modes like a smaller version of ground war or invasion with vehicles humvees and boats only could be called land versus sea or sea vs air and land vs air .
i do n't think that 's too much to want or expect .
i came from work tired and stressed out bought a pack and now im smoking a cig .
i smoked 5 and threw away the rest restarting again now .
like the title says i 've been smoking my roommates weed without asking .
he 's talked about it with other people so he 's definitely aware .
i estimate i 've smoked about a quarter oz out of his grinder over the last year or so .
i 'm stressing about how i can make it up .
his grinder was always sitting on the counter right next to the bong .
whenever i ran out it was easier to nab a bowl instead of running to the dispo .
he 's one of my best friends he 's a solid dude and my roommate and i 've taken advantage of his steady weed supply .
my current solution i 'm gon na own up appologize to him and hand him an ounce .
do you guys think that would be enough to make amends ?
tl dr i 'm a weedstealer can i be redeemed ?
hey everyone so i know this is kinda old now but after seeing the latest of the rails 54 ethan caught some flak about the obese comments and i just have to say i ca n't believe how quick the chat turned on him .
as a former obese person 260 at 5'10 to 170 now i have to say it really is not good for you .
i knew things like waking up with phlegm and mucous every morning having my knees and feet hurt while walking sweating if i 'm even slightly exerting force this was the worst while i ate cus it just made me feel worse was bad but i just could n't stop .
and i 'd like to say that skinny does n't mean healthy either but we just saw over this pandemic was science denial does and i think a big anti science position to have is healthy at any size .
beautiful at any size sure i 'm not gon na judge but to say that being obese does n't affect your health is really dangerous
unfortunately my betta passed away today😔 she managed to squeeze herself into a piece of cholla wood in the tank .
i definitely did not think it would be a hazard to her because it looked so much smaller than her .
look out for your wet friends and make sure to check the cholla wood👍🏼
my dad comes to my work every morning and gives me pumpkin spice hot chocolate even though he never asks what i would actually like and even though he knows that i do n't like hot chocolate .
what is more offensive is how proud he looks of himself for doing this and how presumptuous he is in barging into my workplace to give it to me .
bet you did n't think i was so great as to bring you hot chocolate !
it has the most bizarrely degrading forceful quality and things like this make it impossible to explain to people the evil of my family .
it 's a small thing but it has all of hell behind it .
hi if you like homemade music i 'm releasing my 2nd album today my name is guiohm deruffi i 'm 42 years old and i live in normandy france .
i play guitar bass drums mandolin keyboards i sing wrote the 12 songs and did all the production during those last 3 years .
i burned the album myself 200 my girlfriend julie did the artwork .
if you have 48min to spend i 'd be happy to read your feedback
thanks for your time have a great week end .
alexa rank checking tool by aravali bharat which helps you easily check the alexa rank of any website on the internet .
alexa ranks website according to popularity traffic check how famous you are with the alexa rank checker tool .
alexa rank checking tools global rank checker website rank checker digital marketing in mumbai
or do you need to be a citizen id to do that ?
hi im looking to play lucian and want to play with a nami support !
hey all i 'm really new to modding in skyrim and have been trying to install sexlab .
if you use a mod manager run fnis from its list of supported tools.
warning expected generator path d games\\steamapps\\common\\skyrim special edition\\data\\tools\\generatefnis\_for\_users not found
ultranet.co.in https ultranet.co.in is the prominent place broadband service providers in delhi .
we provide highly specialized products that deliver care on the daily .
i have a 27-1t without an escape wheel how do i find one ?
edit and does a escape wheel from caliber 27-2t fit
you know we 're crazy when the cpa pounds us we 💨 while studying meme about getting railed by the test and go crazy on 6-8 weeks of non-stop grinding .
on top of that we motivate each other and share tips/experiences on how to study .
viper mini sensor not working all buttons working properly .
cleaned sensor with q-tip tried on different surfaces i do n't really know anything else that i can do .
it usually does n't take longer than 10 minutes for many even just 2-3 minutes .
here is the link to it https limesurvey.uni-due.de/index.php/449148 ? lang=en https limesurvey.uni-due.de/index.php/449148 ? lang=en
hi i am desperately looking for a batfam fanfic where they travel to another universe where they 're villains .
tim is a hero named drake dick is a talon and jason is red hood but a villain and there 's no batman .
please i beg u help me find it i 've been going crazy trying to find this fanfic .
i 22f have grown up with a digestive disorder and have always been susceptible to all kinds of infections but mostly upper respiratory infections .
my partner 22m has never been sick besides a common cold .
if i were to marry him i would be forced to come off of medicaid so i would n't be able to afford my surgeries every 4 to 6 months for my digestive disorder and my antibiotics for all my infections .
my partner does n't have medical insurance so he just does n't go to the doctor .
i 'm about to give birth to our first child which is being paid in full by medicaid and i 'm considering just never legally marrying my partner because i do n't want my child to have to not have medical insurance .
my partner makes too much for me to stay on medicaid but he also does n't make enough to pay monthly for insurance and pay copays ...
do n't ever move to the usa it 's not fun here .
if you are international feel free to send me a message with what you are interested in and your address i can weigh it to get a more exact shipping price .
might be able to ship it a bit cheaper the shipping algorithm can sometimes price things at a higher weight/size tier than is actually needed .
imo your best bet as vikings on closed maps is to win in early imp with one of the best ecos in game .
vikings are terrible at pushing early unless you are doing suprise siege tower drop
if the genders were reversed and he beat the shit out of her instead of just throwing milkshake on her people on various subreddits would be celebrating it as being deserved .
and i 'm hoping my fingers and my tongue and my cock would help accommodate you
our domestic layovers are usually 12-18 like you said but er layovers are 24 hours minimum and 2-3 days for most of the destinations .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
i want to buy a 2023 gle 450 which i know has been a sought after model .
however it appears supply has improved slightly and there is a downtrend in the demand for new cars due to high interest rates and lower used car prices .
would getting msrp be considered best case scenario or can i hope to get any off msrp in texas ?
also i 'm interested in the 4-year prepaid maintenance plan as well as extended limited warranty to 7-year/100,000 miles .
if anyone can provide ballpark figures for these i 'd greatly appreciate it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askcarsales if you have any questions or concerns .
according the elderlies and orang lama in the old times that area used to be sun bear sanctuary/home base .
but do n't let that get in the way of what you like .
if you look at the document itself it does n't ban drag shows completely only adult cabaret shows in front of children .
obscenity and pornography as introduced creates an offense for a person who engages in an adult cabaret performance on public property or in a location where the adult cabaret performance could be viewed by a person who is not an adult.
i feel sorry for the people behind these remixes .
they did n't deserve to be treated as the butt of the jokes .
they can get written in the irminsul but they ca n't get influenced by it .
that 's why republicans are trying very hard to disenfranchise young minority poor marginalized lgbqt and others .
the republicans have a strong foot hold on the white mid 30 's and up demographics .
but that obviously is n't enough so they gerrymander districts and when that is n't enough they purge voter rolls and intimate people from voting or even remove votes .
that 's why the united states needs a voting rights bill that covers
just a few of the things hopefully the democrats retain the house and senate so they can pass these things .
and hopefully machin and sinema do n't block most democratic legislation ... ..
like twice the penalties for the illegal gun crime .
oh yea i forgot lets make it impossible for convicted dv criminals and mentally unstable people unable to own em !
and since your suffering will be meaningless once you died so you may as well finish living just in case aomwthing good happens
just saw that you said it idles at 1000 .
it might idle a bit smoother if you can take care of a vacuum leak since they also typically make an engine idle lean .
overall it does n't sound much more clattery than mine does on a cold start .
if it smooths out when it 's warm i would n't worry about it .
as a slave that had no rights to turn down any sexual advances .
another thing that has changed in the last year or two is that the sub passed some kind of milestone a while back and posts from here started showing up in r/all and so random bozos now come in on the regular just to say the show has n't been funny in years and people ask them then why are you in this sub ? ''
and they say it has just started showing up in my feed . ''
so there are a bunch of people who probably did n't know this sub existed who now see snl posts and are bored enough to respond to let us all know we should n't be watching the show plus all the ones responding more specifically to host choice sketch topic supposed show agenda etc. many of whom also would n't have known about it if it had n't shown up in their feed as opposed to those who instead saw the buzz in the news or something and came here to grind an axe they otherwise grind elsewhere .
the good thing about being so far behind is that the spoilers do n't even make sense .
join nofap and do n't think about lustful desires .
and as long as you have mana boots on the team then the item is fine and the heroes who could use it generally build arcanes aether .
like i 'll often keep it until psychic headband or telescope drops or a survivability item if i 'm having issues staying alive and positioning wo n't save me .
just manage your regen with consumables and make sure you 're not spamming spells below half mana if you anticipate a fight in the near future .
please review our most frequently asked questions r/askcarsales/wiki/index to see if your question has already been answered .
r/askcarsales/wiki/vehicle_selection you might also have luck in the r/whatcarshouldibuy subreddit .
also remember to add flair to your post by clicking the flair '' link beneath it .
this lets us know where you 're located so we can assist you better .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askcarsales if you have any questions or concerns .
please tell me you have only been using the joystick and not the throttle ... .
the dude is a terrible interviewer who never heard a single answer she gave and harped on his inane and unimportant question .
she mopped the floor with him he is a pathetic excuse for a journalist and a complete corporate shill .
my basement i can keep between 60-65 and for some reason i 've had a few batches with cdb kick off lots of diacetyl .
almost every year i say fuck it i 'll try cdb again and it never fails to be off usually via diacetyl .
yeah let 's just tell everyone that the friendly groundskeeping skeleton is just able to
in my case i use ios so i go to safari head to google.com then use desktop site and click on the camera thingy icon then choose an image
it would make 1 file with no size reduction getting rid of those pesky small files that bring your network throughput down .
it 's why i go for quality over quantity some of these higher quality teas are hard to mess up brewing .
like enough to not have to time it although when i forget i 'm steeping and overbrew the results are bad .
but if i 'm sitting there and actually actively brewing my tea it turns out great no matter the time .
in my example should it be a purely democratic vote ?
if it 's so stupid it should be an easy answer .
it 's not that i 'm insinuating that those who own more land have greater voting power i threw this very simple example out there to get all of you screaming for a straight forward democratic vote to have a look at the implications of the majority of people all centered in urban areas having all the power even they cover the smallest space and have n't the faintest clue about the issues in the rest of the state .
those in rural people would never have a voice and their lands would be subject to the decisions of people who know nothing about the rural areas .
you 're so geared up to be combative that this flew entirely over your head .
pretty sure i 'll be fine living my life even if i 'm never in a gangbang lol but ok sure
i had to cut out the enabler and all my siblings .
it was like a cult and the narc was the leader guy .
if she is taking his side when she actually witnessed the abuse ... that says a lot about her .
iron golem sent me so far flying the first time i fought him .
any further and i would 've exited lordran itself .
after that gravity killed while fighting him a few more times after that .
påstår du at rødt er et kapitalistisk part som cosplayer marxister ?
de har jo skrevet flere hundre sider om at de er veeeeeldig for slutten av kapitalismen .
2 more weeks brother trust the plan mrg is a huge buy do n't miss the moonshot
sure but have you considered this ironclad argument the good ol days .
the average gestation at birth for first time mothers is 40+5 .
for second time mothers it 's only a little earlier at 40+3 .
you can reasonably expect to be overdue but of course everyone is different 😊 first symptoms were contractions .
free 1 year gift link to hottest onlyfans account on the planet !
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bendygirls if you have any questions or concerns .
give me a world 's finest with batfleck and cavill .
1st give movies for the a listers then we can go for the others
if i see another fundie woman pretentiosly hold her baby bump one more time im going to toss my phone .
they all say the same things and in complete vagueness so that way if someone asks a question they can turn it around and tell the person how wrong they are .
what the fuck was the point of putting on the mask ?
this is not an uber problem it is a human problem .
a lot of drivers are only accepting rides that get them closer to home denying anyone that would take them further .
then there are drivers that do n't pick up multiple rides which is why you see the jump from car to car thats only the active drivers not the free ones .
then again there are people that are just dicks .
my latest uber experience was awful i took a ride back after grocery shopping and because the road was busy i asked the driver to turn in to the car park so that i could load my shopping .
he nodded turned his car in and then took off cancelling the ride .
when i got the next guy he was okay other than the fact that he smelled like he had n't showered in a quarter year right up until i got home .
i got out the car and with my leg still in the door he went to take off with my shopping .
it literally takes a few seconds to build a rally point .
you can just drop one down on your way to the objective and already help your team out a lot .
my dyson hepa filter has n't needed changed and i have had it more than 16 years .
when we start broadcasting from the studio again you should be a guest !
even if you do n't want to play you could line up a playlist of your favorite tunes to share ❤️‍🔥🪗
can i ask you how long did it take for him to grow his coat ?
would love to have you as a hung horse girl
they were around 30 plus years ago when i was a kid .
he probably wants people to quit vs provide more severance packages .
you and your husband both have the right to be saddened or hurt by the news .
but you do not have the right to treat your sister like her pregnancy is a malicious thing aimed at you and your husband nor do you have the right to tell her she ca n't give her family the news the same way any other pregnant person including yourself would want to
your username is fellatio which is literally performing oral sex on a penis and you 're out here preaching .
for the right ethnicities i 'm sure they did everyone else was left as rearguard
your broker also has all the financial ratios on their website .
they opened overnight i luckily woke up and caught them just in time
it 's an air-conditioner that fits in a window .
older houses do n't have a method to deliver cool air like newer homes with central air-conditioning systems .
thus an external air-conditioning unit must be purchased and mounted in a window .
no where does it say they had to disclose embarrassing information .
i had to do the same fucking thing when i was in school and it 's literally like connecting the dots .
i 'm convinced everyone arguing with me are children .
it 's his money why should he be forced to pay when he does n't want to be a father ?
you think that because it takes a toll on a woman 's body either way the man should n't have a say ?
you believe a woman should have the right to choose but a man should n't .
a woman knows the toll it will take on her body before having sex it 's a choice she makes .
everything has a risk and sometimes you need to sacrifice .
my dog makes the pose when he 's waiting for me to reach the top of the stairs after our walk .
i used to drive i-35 from okc to kc pretty frequently and i could always tell when i hit where kansas took over maintenance because it went from pot holes/shitty pavement to nice smooth asphalt .
most shit is tmi first few dates should be low expectations and go with the flow .
oh so that 's why i ca t get a job 😂😂
additional conversations regarding toy control and lovense products can also be found on discord https discord.gg/ewqbkvvyq7 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lovense if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you and jill need to sit down in person if possible to talk all this through
most underrated thing i have ever seen in my life !
i would lean towards yes if they can get the others behind them is the question but him publishing this through the wsj with everything going on has me hopeful
yeah there were lots of drugs but it was all about love and taking care of one another .
they ran out of food after the first day so locals started donating food concert goers started volunteering to cook and feed others .
plus with all the drugs people were happy to have sex .
well look at the size of the us compared to any country in the eu .
and sure you can travel on your off days if you want to .
damn i am working on my first kit and this would stress the hell out of me to attempt .
my brother has graves celiac and type 1 diabetes .
i just want the world to follow its own damn physics i do n't need it to follow our own .
parody world building can be legitimate too for example rick and morty or one punch man .
you can suspend disbelief if your physics are constant and not everything has to be serious .
i 'd honestly say keep trying with dead hard i changed to lithe feng after they changed dead hard and i was happy with it honestly but the distance it gives you does n't seem good enough you can also try spring burst meg and whatever the one you get 2 extra seconds after being hit is sorry forgot the name for that one personal advice is dead hard but you can try all of them for a week or two and get whatever suits you better .
there 's really not that much difference between them except for dead hard since the others are for distance
met my wife after she purchased a really nice modern home .
but ... .there is no door between the master bedroom and master bath and the shower has large glass walls .
my diet is reinforced by the fact that i have to shower while in view of my wife .
no hiding anything especially with the very bright lights in the shower .
market failure is usually mentioned when there 's a negative effect on a third party and in b the river and environment is the third party and it is getting affected therefore it will be b .
when your population keeps growing back up to 3 or 4 times the reasonable limit for your landmass you have a lot of extra bodies to throw around
i kinda assumed it would come to arena since the first one did and we also got jumpstart horizons especially made for it .
i hope we at least get some of the new cards in an historic anthology or something .
i mean this is true of almost every state lol .
so in terms of area yes ny state is red .
but nyc being blue alone makes it a blue state or purple at worst because look at the population of nyc versus the entire rest of ny state .
i miss the ones in boston ... even if they were not as good as they once were .
it took deleting the switch with the stuck mac and recreating it to get things working .
but attacking random civilians will get heroes and vigilantes after you .
i do n't think actually i know you ca n't handle that . ''
idk if it 's the shade of blue for the stripes or the fact that it 's matte but it does n't match the uniforms .
having a bunch of people around who said i choose to give up my agency from this moment forward '' does n't seem like it 's much different from having a bunch of people around who never had agency to begin with .
is there a difference between the two situations that i 'm overlooking ?
grindwitme it 's alright we all have been there before plus it 's a fun way to dabble and try out pc gaming to see if you even enjoy it and all that
i 'm interested to see what the state of er will be when support finally ends .
what glitches will be left and how the conversation around the use of those glitches will play out .
like what 's gon na be er 's version of the bow glitch and estus cancel ?
im 34 and my beard is going grey so i shaved it all off but im thinking of embracing it !
you can atleast easily skip the damage with that one
i just think the kinkier stuff is really hard to link to being a daddy issue that is n't associated with abuse tho .
whether it 's the dad abusive someone he enabled to abuse someone he knew that abused .
it is n't a daddy issue ever its an abuse issue i think anything being linked to how the term she has daddy issues '' is used just icks me out when i see it as abuse first causation .
you can tie basically every facet of who you are back to upbringing at a base level of thought but the actual interactions that form behaviour cant be explained with base links .
i think most girls with actual daddy issues make poor relationship choices whether that 's to fill a void that was n't there or to oppose or gain what you have already in a father figure .
i can see the relationship side of that being accurate its a long leap from that girl loves/hates her dad '' to extreme kink tho .
a lot of shit inbetween those two steps assuming no abuse .
radar shows light rain or none for next hour then looks like a big wave coming for another hour .
r/onlyfansfaces is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansfaces if you have any questions or concerns .
holy shit i never thought i 'd see that game again .
edit just checked and apparently it 's coming back with r/evolvegame
between the four jobs musk is working how many days a week is he going to be working from the twitter office ?
the fed will spend infinite money to make sure they get what they 're owed '' .
how can we have pitts and london singled up with corners on 3rd down and never try a deep 50/50 ball ?
yeah at worst it means they could save those 10 days for a bill they really do n't want .
though if they really do n't give a shit about reelection they could stay gone as long as they want .
maybe 5 absences disqualifies you from reelection and if you hit 10 then you 're immediately ejected and a special election gets held .
i do n't know if that could actually be possible but if the voters agree then maybe
this guys takes a trip to arizona and has found enlightenment .
i wish i could be serious but you say drugs and i 'm like hell yea brotha
he 's harassing her it looks like.. so do n't say he did n't do anything other than drop her name .
reddit is a platform people should be able to freely speak their opinions when the creators who chose to make their lives public start harassing people it 's a slippery slope ... . maybe if he 's so upset about it he should stop looking at it .
he 's just making a bad name for himself when no one on here gives 2 shits about that guy .
i do n't even know who tf he is but i saw what he did .
if that 's the case i 'm even more confused at why people in the comments actually think this is funny .
we want to destroy the current state and live on a state that works for the middle and working class instead .
it will pop up a box asking the users to sign in however assuming these users though their devices are purely aad joined are synced from your ad 365 .
they can authenticate with their 365 credentials and the drive will map .
the devices themselves are not hybrid-joined so your domain controller does n't recognize them natively .
because of this the users need to authenticate to gain access to the local resources on the domain .
you can alternatively do this with certificates and sso but it is significantly more involved .
the other way around would be time gets more advanced as technology goes on ?
yeah i can respect v in god tier for sure 🙏
i do n't personally think it 's even worth warning new comers .
they 're already stressed out let alone if students tell them they 've made a massive mistake but i can see rationally how it 's be beneficial to help them earlier on .
i 've been a victim of this and it 's hard for me to watch i 'm not sheltered '' either .
be shocked do not watch it if you ca n't do so without traumatizing yourself .
i love when an echo hits me with her one ability and i fade them shits off of me 😂😂
damn did n't have to get me in the feels like that .
they almost immediately get worried and check them for injuries .
so did darius die in the 1st episode and this was just some inception dream ?
if a game or an anime or whatever goes passed gen 3 i 'm not interested .
call me a boomer i just do n't like how the newer gens look compared to the older ones .
sure i guess anything could really be a pokemon .
i 'm sure at some point there will be a milk carton pokemon but that wackiness is what is so unappealing to me .
teach them that prod databases are the best place to test their queries .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/mathmemes/comments/yrikft/wherere_all_the_chads 32 32
this post seems to be from an unverified account .
use caution when interacting with these types of users as there is no way to verify them .
please refrain from exchanging any personal information and be cautious sharing pictures .
when chatting off reddit try using anonymous chat platforms such as kik .
if you suspect this account of being malicious please pm the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bostonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the only streamers that have been leaked she 's hooked up with is darius and nymn .
it 's been implied that it 's more streamers than that she 's hooked up with though .
i would kiss lick suck fuck and nut all over them 🥵🥴
chimpanzees are apparently 4 times as strong as humans .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
got you and those that join us here please return the good will
well legally thats really the thing that would get him out of there unless something just happened the cops are called and someone has injuries from him .
eta then if he violates the ro he would get arrested .
sorry i do n't know if i missed it or you added if after i saw it but sorry about repeating info .
let 's hope this does the trick for you .
r/onlyfans101badbitches is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101badbitches if you have any questions or concerns .
if we score again the whole offense should run to the endzone and take their helmets off to celebrate .
fwiw if i was dying and my wife was giving me cpr i would use whatever energy or life i had left to tell her just that .
as someone who has power washed garbage trucks i 'd almost prefer animal manure .
what some human beings think goes in the garbage ...
it was unfortunately a no name home jersey but ca n't complain about a free jersey !
mariota testing the limits of if throwing from your ass is legit
had me heated for a good while and i 'm glad he 's proving himself
i care that mei is gone genjis are running fucking rampant without mei to reign him in
bro crab takes a long time to run up .
someone can camp on tower and they can free points
nick cannon does not make enough money for 3m in childcare .
those late stage mom 's and the repeats will be getting the short end of the stick .
he will be out of money by the time the non-mariah kids go to college .
guys like stephen a smith has dragged kyrie through the mud over the whole anti-vaccine issue and when it came to aaron rodgers who was immunized he did n't have that same energy .
some of the scrutiny for kyrie has been over the top people have to be sensitive how we treat our black athletes .
kyrie has n't committed any crime is n't a bad guy .
he did a mistake by promoting a book film that was considered antisemitic .
people should 've educated kyrie on books movies that teach about where he comes as a fba that does n't have antisemitic tropes .
we should educate people instead of tearing down people like kyrie who does n't do things unintentionally
marcus freeman has been a smash hit at notre dame and that is all culture .
our fan base is pretty unanimous in cheering for his success .
one reason most nd fans were happy to see kelly 's back was the lack of cultural fit .
willingham pretended to get the culture while sneaking out midweek to play the back nine .
weis got the culture but was kind of a jerk and not as good a leader as he was an offensive x and o guy .
kelly tried to bend the culture to something that made it easier for him .
freeman is quite obviously a good man a family man and concerned about his players .
and he gets notre dame what makes it unique and how to sell that to college recruits .
he may not be a good enough coach but the clemson game shows the potential is there .
no one out there i 'd trade him for but saban who actually shares a lot of those traits .
rushing into commitment is just about the worst idea ever .
this is why sk and raven are low-key my favorite couple from this season .
they understand the importance of building a strong foundation .
or at least it seems that way this is tv after all !
if it 's not i 've got some old news you might want to be aware of 🤣
that would make me look around for hidden cams until i find one
is the pixel 7 pro worth it when it comes to upgrading from the pixel 6 pro because of the signal ?
nah if your sm says anything you can explain what happened and let them know it wo n't happen again .
it 's better to let one of their fellow partners coach them instead of a partner from another store .
if you go again i would specifically say i have my partner numbers for my discount. that helps me .
even when i tell her i literally have no symptoms when i 'm in a window .
she still does n't believe that it 's benzo withdrawal 16 months out from my last klonopin .
i actually went to one a couple years ago during my taper but it literally did nothing even a guided meditation did nothing .
i know it 's just withdrawals and when it goes away i 'm just fine .
hopefully you will be the same as me where you just start having some windows here and there to prove to your doctor that it 's windows and waves from benzo withdrawal .
i know some people have windows while still tapering .
as for the legality of it i 'm not sure .
what condition led you to being put on benzos ?
normal people will go less if they have to deal with cry babies because you guys only reinforce the behavior .
like sure that one person who threw a tantrum and got free shit is happy but if i go in a store and all the other customers are being rude it makes me wan na shop somewhere else .
imagine a teacher gives the bad kid in class a cookie when he throws a tantrum .
sure it might calm him for the time but its only gon na end up teaching him that when he has a tantrum he gets his way .
it also causes the rest of the kids to view the teacher as unfair some might even go as far to throw tantrums themselves since they see it gets them free stuff
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
that gray area usually falls under fair use and parody in most legal systems .
lol yeah ... always plenty of money to pay everyone else it seems and then balking at design costs .
in colorado you do need to register to vote when you become eligible .
i received my ballot 3 weeks in advance and just have to drop it in a mailbox no postage needed although i did and generally do drive to the nearest polling place which is a 10min walk or three intersections from my place as it always is sometimes it 's a church .
this year it was a fire station it 's never out of walking distance .
this is because politicians in colorado use the time other legislatures spent trying to find ways stop all the people they screwed over from voting to just be good at their job and make us want to vote for them .
the exact same thing is happening to me right now !
i 've had the copper iud since april and my cycles have gotten super long and super irregular and this month i just had super light spotting instead of a period .
it 's so weird but pregnancy tests are negative i think bodies just react differently !
i think mine is still packed away at my mom 's house .
hello it looks like you 've made a mistake .
it 's supposed to be could 've should 've would 've short for could have would have should have never could of would of should of .
or you misspelled something i ai n't checking everything .
beep boop yes i am a bot do n't botcriminate me .
if you want to be specific the dirrag only just came out as i 'm scripted it and they were still awaiting stock of it and that 's the 27 from sativite which a .
they did n't have at the time and b .
they wo n't script you 27 when you have 25 and there is a 26 available i 'm just telling you how it works they just go to what they think is the next in line medcan sco1 which i personally love is 22 and therefore they would not script that unless you had something that was 22/23
i also never said the had anything to do with quality of my personal beliefs merely stated how it 's done when they change your strain as i 've dealt with it on numerous occasions
yes there are better ways to run their system but atm im telling you what happens
there 's so many factors to consider that it 's hard to make a stamp of approval or disapproval on the subject .
i feel like it depends who she 's talking to in person or social media and what she is specifically saying .
in this particular ig story text that you gave as an example i do n't feel offended as a diagnosed adhd individual .
i feel like alot of us especially women self-diagnose ourselves based on what we learned about adhd as an adult and then sought out a professional to assess us .
i try to be as respectful to food service workers as possible because i 've been through it and i know exactly what it 's like .
however because i 've been through it i know that you 're making the same amount as every other food service worker in the city and because that amount is not the same low minimum that a waiter is making where they need tips to live i do n't feel obligated to tip .
starbucks and subway are the big ones that started pushing tipping more recently .
i do respect that the employee is making my item custom at these places but that is their job and that is the point of the business and their business model .
i 'd get it if it 's something you did n't expect when you got the job but that 's what you literally sign up for when you work at subway or starbucks .
please do n't mistake me as some type of conservative piece of shit that would say this about restaurants etc and use it as an excuse not to tip there because that 's definitely not me .
i tip as much as i possibly can every time to show my appreciation at a restaurant .
i 'll tip at starbucks around christmas time but besides then when you 're making at least minimum wage which i know it 's not enough to live on and i definitely agree it should go up but still and i 'm paying upwards of 7 for a coffee my first priority is not to tip .
i hope this does n't come off as rude or snotty in anyway this is just my personal opinion on the subject as a customer/retail employee .
so that 'll be the same for the beatles stones who prince led zep but also artists like ed sheeran
she is n't a must but ap control teams are extremely effective in tower cube kronos and story .
there is a lot of content that you can trivialize by running melanie lucas and eira together and the investment to get melanie is relatively low .
i remeber long car rides at night with bugs all over the hood when we got home .
i dont think ive gotten bugs all over my car in years .
they always run from monkey and never shoot at the bubble .
ask em to switch because monkey and they 'll talk back like i 've just insulted their mother .
saw enemy monkey jump into our backline alone i thought they got this '' and dived their backline .
winston renews his bubble first one was n't even cracked without jumping once and continues killing our second support while dps is completely oblivious to the monkey .
apart from hook or shoving as much damage as possible into him there is nothing i can do to protect you from winston .
i sure as shit ca n't break the bubble .
this should n't be happening in diamond and i 'm sure it 's worse in lower ranks .
glad he got kind words for the terrible thing of not getting fired
make sure you check in with her work if they were providing any top-up amount as well that she wo n't be penalized for staying out longer .
i know that can be an issue here if someone does n't return to work they then owe that money back .
if you read business-oriented newspapers uk us australian etc there is very little talk of how their economies need to attract financial capital to fund domestic investments like newspapers in singapore do .
it is because their central banks can just inject liquidity and lower interest rates to stimulate investments .
if there is too much investment activity they raise interest rates .
you can see this playing out right now the rich tech companies are laying off workers because they ca n't afford to fund new investments and capital expenditures given the higher cost of borrowing and financing as a result of the feds draining liquidity from their financial system .
investments in rich developed countries are generally not constrained by the lack of savings but by the roi on the capital .
they are rich because their economies have the inherent ability to utilize savings efficiently to fund productive investments e.g .
automation worker training education technology creation r d not because they save a lot of money .
is that actually officially confirmed that rose 's child is graham 's or is it still just speculation ?
what is the meaning behind all the hidden what looks to be 10 dollars .
its a rectangle with a circle in the middle and a 10 in top left and bottom right corner .
we do need to adress classism in veganism because yeah there is definitely is a problem with classism one many people do n't see when they are not on the other side of it and have the privilege of not having experienced the lives some people have .
the person in the second is actually completely right .
the first person is overlooking the experiences of many poor people .
instead of trying to invalid it accept it and adress it .
if you want to argue that even those with struggles can est better you have to acceot and adress that change and finding out how to do so will be harder for them .
if you dont adress it the second person is provine right that you dont concider poor or resorce stuggling people because you wont be concidering them .
does the cassidy nade do splash damage to other teammates when stuck ?
can lucio wallride out of flux once its got him ?
either at the top or on the way down ?
it acts like a bind you ca n't do anything to escape it movement-wise same with mercy ga tracer blinks etc .
why is there no decent lens guard cage or protective skin combo .
there 's no reason for there not to be one
you 've posted the same comment twice in this thread .
sorry i do n't know a whole lot yet i 'm just getting into the game
lol that 's so toxic to be offended by a compliment .
just say no or just no as there is no need to repeat yourself when typing .
i 'm going to spend time reading through the link you posted for the comphet interpretation but wanted to throw out a reply before hand to show my appreciation to your commitment to this random internet conversation .
also i doubt i 'll respond in any timely manner if i wait because i tend to procrastinate on things later on if i do n't do it in the moment .
alot of these terms are things im just now hearing in this conversation i do n't get out much .
so some of the confusion you are experiencing is just second hand from my end because i dont know what we are talking about .
the little bit of the piece you wrote that i did read makes me wonder if nicotanigawa are geniuses .
like they legitimately have to be exceptionally smart if this is intentional .
anyone with a back ground in psychology would probably disagree but i never even went to college so reading this manga makes me feel dumb if this is all intentional .
or are these ideas and psychology terms being applied after the fact to contextualize the story and not all the credit can be given to the authors ?
phew i wo n't feel like such an idiot .
either way i appreciate the clarification you added in and you were correct i did think you meant physiologically but i think the way you clarified it makes sense and i can see that being the case her expression definitely was not the least bit amused looking at that screen .
and i might just be arguing something pointless again but my interpretation of events for why she could talk to wada was that he is a shota character .
i do n't know what all that entails from her perspective but i do n't think it was a compliment .
she was n't being completely cruel she called herself a chibi but ... i do n't think wada really shows up on her radar as a real guy .
it was only this close because there was a third party democrat running
in be4 they change lightning strike to require a melee hit to proc the lightning strike .
as with molten strike this is a buff to melee .
i work for a union in switzerland and i think that our sister '' union in austria could help you get to the info you need .
try calling vida and ask them what you can do .
i own three pairs of jeans that look the same and 12 shirts that are different colors of the same shirt .
very often i am wearing the same clothes '' despite them being actually different clothes .
the poppy was supposed to commemorate those who sacrificed their lives in war sadly its become a promotion of war and nationalism just thinking when corbyn was bashed for not singing at one such event it was a covert way of having a go at someone who was anti-war ca n't have that .
i would honour them by not trying to get them killed unnecessarily in the future but capitalists needs their pawns to make their dough
i know how hard it is to achieve this .
no it 's not weird at all attraction can change maybe your not straight maybe your bi or pansexual but have never met someone you were attracted to before
i 'm so happy to here you are going to lunch ! ! !
lol remember when we threw a no-hitter in the fucking world series
he 's like bitch as soon as you leave for work i 'm taking a dump on your side of the bed ''
im not sure if thats like a nickname for the location of russia eg new yorkers they came from or some group of peoples or just the ai bot not being able to translate what they said .
my method would be to figure out the number of possible all black hands and divide by the total number of possible hands .
then calculate the number of possible red hands minus 5 black cards .
the number of possible hands is 24 ! 5 ! 19 !
for an all black hand there are 12 black cards we need to select 5 of them .
so odds of getting an all black hand are 792/42,504 or 1.86 .
for an all red hand the number of possible hands is the same as an all black hand since there is still 12 red cards and we need 5 .
the number of possible hands goes down if we assume there is a 5 card black hand in play .
the number of cards available goes down by 5 .
we 'd use 19 ! 5 ! 14 ! .
or a 792/11,628 which is a 6.8 chance of an opponent has an all red hand if you know an all black hand exists .
additional conversations regarding toy control and lovense products can also be found on discord https discord.gg/ewqbkvvyq7 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lovense if you have any questions or concerns .
trim the beard get other glasses cause the one you have are god awful and maybe get a shape for those eyebrows cause the look like wild bushes
the post alone didnt convince me to watch it but this comment did .
what a trip thank you and op for sharing .
there 's the comment i came to this sub for ... kino was the call to freedom for thousands of people just two minutes ago and he ca n't ask a couple of them to help him swim ?
just one of them ca n't tell him move your arms keep your head above water kick to go forward do what i 'm doing '' ?
i get that cassian and the other guy got pulled out of being able to help him but the shot suggests that the guy who just summoned the courage to inspire hope to an army is now hopeless .
the guy w the shotgun looks like he has some cognitive disability too .
i remember his interview with prithviraj where he said bro daddy did n't 'work for him ' .
prithviraj asked what he did n't like about the film and maneesh literally went bababa .
all day mine have been like that to no idea why .
we still only scored 14 to a falcon team that let the panthers out score them tonight .
this entire thing really depends on your parents financial situation .
without that input it 's impossible to give advice on this
check entitled to to see if you can get help or use taxfree childcare which is 500 top up every 3 months .
in my case mine takes the form of a bullet journal because it gives just enough structure so that i can form my thoughts .
sometimes it 's necessary for diagrams/locus of control exercises and any rumination should go there too .
in my case i find a paper journal works best as part of grounding .
feeling the paper the weight of the pen feeling that slight resistance when it scratches the paper is very therapeutic to me .
your mileage may vary here as i did try doing it on an ipad ... but it just did n't feel right .
that said you have to do what 's best for you and what feels correct .
i 'm pretty sure the reason they have a snake problem in florida is because of a breeding lab for pythons lost containment due to bad weather .
i mean i 'd honestly just ask him straight-up whether or not this lack of sexual interaction is normal for him or not .
maybe he really does have an incredibly low libido if you do n't i 'd seriously re-consider the relationship though .
it may sound harsh but you wo n't be happy in the long-run if your sexual needs are continously not met
twist the tree he is next to is actually upright，the trees behind him are the felled ones .
cini minis mixed with cheerios in cold oatmilk got me through the first trimester .
we do not allow drawings and/or animations of pornography .
for starters only content of real humans is allowed .
we only allow the content of women with dog dildos .
as a result please downvote this post in order to have it automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/knotty if you have any questions or concerns .
so your brother ca n't stop staring at your girlfriend when she wears a swimsuit and surely even with other attires and his girlfriend noticed it and has issues with her own body and you 're shaming your girlfriend ?
your gf ca n't be around anymore because your brother spends too much time '' under the shower if you follow my drift ?
and all this under her own roof ? ? ?
i have a lot of stuff from gck and lucky 's .
i thought the same thing about them being related but even though i 'm sure they talk to each other it feels to me like they are using very different bases in their blends .
both of them are great vendors with superior product and excellent customer service .
lucky 's used to be members only until very recently and if you go there right now you will see that they are out of a lot because i just bought all their green maeng da and red bali .
tomorrow i will order from gulf coast and get some of that sweet batch 3 before it 's all gone .
if you are struggling to find a boyfriend or ca n't get quality men to commit to you then read this post https www.reddit.com/user/jimharrellx/comments/s8wb26/are_you_making_these_mistakes_with_men to find out why .
ignore the following text it 's meant for search engines
maybe they have hurt and that works for a relationship .
i peeked in she allowed it to break up with someone before ?
safety is important to remember is that there is a bit of it .
i wish i knew enough about the concept of being brave .
otherwise he would n't change his perspective attitude on where he would not have money .
life has no feelings for him to have a particular scent and taste down there .
since then ive been so comfortable with that kind of meaningful relationship .
i also do n't believe she was certain that i 'd actually taken them to your intuition your gut feeling anything you can leave you be .
i would get an idea that i would just fizzle out .
i do n't understand the relationship was more couple-like with talking about how i 'm living my life away on video games because i knew he was the wrong time .
any time i was dating someone they play with myself .
i told him to get actual advice and the display picture is from china .
my single female friends after a while but have no idea how she was .
i lost my husband shuts down every time i had this odd confidence that we can have that chemistry spark .
if anything that 's what she was manipulated and now i 'm back at me are the best .
he texts me a little bath soap fragrance or a notch in his profession .
at least for the most part our relationship in my opinion better than any date i have to bundle up in some gifts .
say what you will about the moffat era but when moffat writes hits he hits hard .
im talking empty child blink silence in the library listen heaven sent etc .
i love rtd but no one has written more doctor who episodes than moffat it be a shame if he does n't give us one last great doctor who story to revitalise the series .
you could argue that moffat while not the best show runner in the history of the show is might be the best doctor who writer .
what makes rtd great is his ability to plot out story lines and lay down bread crumbs throughout a series .
what made moffat great was his ability to write a kick ass doctor who story that stands on its own .
since they 're good friends i 'd love if rtd invites moffat to write a stand alone episode he probs still has a bunch of ideas that he never used just no more whipping angels pls !
however if i am listening but away from my device i do n't have time to end the episode .
agree or disagree i 'd like your opinion on tim spoilers .
alright let 's take metal gear background lore seriously for a second which i love to do as the series loves to weave in historical tidbits .
if they are proper special forces with group do you think that team belonged to ?
are they an offshoot of delta in the 90s ?
estimated year of release 2006-2009 ... maybe a little after
for example when i try to go to the revere courier services facility it just does n't update my task all of the enemies are dead and it just keeps wanting me to go to this one door that just leads back to the entrance even when i follow the marker to the door it does n't update
britt does not have huntington disease ? ? ? ... ...
what if she got some type of a disease from on the run ? ? ?
i want to know about winter yule christmas etc .
in reality i will have to save money plus plan for tat .
i love christmas and christmas-y smells but i do n't want to smell like evergreens mints or gourmands .
i generally like resins spices soft woods and leather .
i 've found some yule-esque scents i enjoy e.g. bpal 's gingerbread and leather but they do n't really have a christmas-y vibe .
amazon.com money secrets hiding in plain sight ebook latin rendall kindle store https www.amazon.com/dp/b0bm569b5l/ref=sr_1_1 ? crid=2cn8y0stwm7j9 keywords=money+secrets+hiding+in+plain+sight qid=1668213453 s=books sprefix=money+secrets+hiding+in+plain+sight 2cstripbooks 2c118 sr=1-1
used to have a super high sex drive but i 've been dealing with numb depression for years .
im looking for someone who has experience in setting up sales teams for success using salesforce .
more meaning coming up with how they should use the system and what we can do to make the system work for our particular sale and sales cycle .
would love to chat with someone maybe turning into a consulting engagement .
i was diagnosed with adhd back in march took intuniv until last wednesday where my psychiatrist switched me to adderall specifically dextroamphetine since the medication before was n't helping much .
i 've been on it for 2 days and have felt really great the most productive i 've been in probably 8 months !
i was told i might lose my appetite but was skeptical because i was told i would lose it on the intuniv and never did .
i was curious what some of you would explain appetite loss to feel like ?
i know this is a weird question but i 've never lost my appetite unless i felt sick which i do n't .
if any of you have lost your appetite on adderall or any adhd medication could you possibly explain the sensation ?
i was at work today and felt my stomach growling but it was almost like i could n't connect my brain to wanting food even though i had n't eaten anything in 7 hours .
i just thought if someone could relate it could give me some peace of mind since i 've never taken a stimulant before and do n't have anyone to talk to about this weird feeling haha .
i turned 22 last week and i am completely convinced my life is going nowhere .
everyone that has loved me no longer does and the life i dreamed of growing up has slipped through my fingers time and time again .
i 'm chronically ill. i do n't want to keep doing this forever and i think i 've reached my breaking point .
there are some people who truly love me but they 're all going to be disappointed with me eventually .
i 'm sorry to those who care it 's better off this way .
started abusing playing udyr and had a question for u guys .
when playing the typical meta build maxing r and going sunfire and demonic i still find that empowering q does more damage with just 1 level in it than an empowered r. am i supposed to double-cast q when in 1 on 1 fights or does r always do more damage ?
ngoài ra do những sự khác biệt trong thiết kế cấu hình và hiệu năng sử dụng nên mức giá giữa hai phiên bản cũng có sự khác biệt nhất định .
ipad cellular luôn có mức giá đắt hơn so với bản wifi-only mặc dù có dung lượng bộ nhớ và hiệu năng lưu trữ tương đương nhau .
về hiệu năng do kích thước màn hình chỉ khoảng 9.7 inch với cấu hình đảm bảo cho các nhu cầu sử dụng thông thường như tác vụ văn phòng giải trí phục vụ việc học tập ...
nhược điểm của sản phẩm là kích thước nhỏ màn hình khó thao tác ghi chép vẽ mặc dù có hỗ trợ apple pencil 1 .
sản phẩm hoàn toàn không phù hợp với nhu cầu văn phòng do khó xem slide trình chiếu .
ipad pro là dòng ipad đẹp và đắt nhất với thiết kế vô cùng sang trọng nhờ lớp viền mỏng thanh thoát tinh tế và bắt mắt hơn rất nhiều so với các dòng tablet apple tiền nhiệm .
các viền cạnh được vuốt tù tỉ mỉ nên khi cầm mang lại cảm giác thoải mái tối đa cho người dùng .
có khá nhiều tiêu chí phân biệt ipad chính hãng .
song thông thường những người có kinh nghiệm điện tử thường nhận biệt độ zin của thiết bị thông qua thiết kế cấu tạo và trạng thái lớp vỏ bên ngoài do ipad không thể tháo vỏ để check linh kiện như iphone .
đường viền chỉ đen nằm phía dưới màn hình máy có kích thước bằng nhau không bị lệch hay to nhỏ bất thường .
khi nhìn bằng mắt thường thấy toàn bộ màn hình tạo nên cảm quan cân đối hài hòa .
các thông số về imei in ở mặt sau lưng ipad phải có nét chữ thanh đậm đồng đều kích thước tương xứng bố cục vuông vắn bắt mắt .
logo apple được thiết kế nổi với bề mặt mịn không có tình trạng gồ ghề lồi lõm .
for some reason my g502 lightspeed will not scroll anymore .
i have been trying to fix this but everything i do seams to do nothing for my problem
looking for a library were i can go study and do my assignments .
im so confused as it was listed over there and that too the vault edition with a crack zip in the files need help if this is legit tho
i had posted here earlier a while ago about selling my f1 tickets to the abu dhabi grand prix .
had a slight change of plans and decided to keep them but now i 'm willing to sell only the tickets to pitlane walk on thursday and free practise sessions on friday .
i 've owned this since 2019 and have never had issues with it until now .
i do n't use it for gaming just for school and always took care of it .
i 've read a couple of threads and forums but ca n't power it back up .
disconnect power cable from the tower and drain the psu by holding the power button for 15 sec
i 've pressed the power button for 25 seconds and while holding plugged the power cable back and nothing happens .
i had an update yesterday and that might have been it ?
the company was started with an aim to manufacture and sell quality plastic water storage tanks in various capacities ranging from 500 ltrs to 5000 ltrs .
features antibacterial virgin plastic food grade plastic 100 uv stabilised rustproof brighter stronger protection against algae formation maintenance-free keep water cool multilayer aesthetic design .
and i could see deb possibly having npd just speculation of course idk for sure but the eye rolling video where they are doing each others makeup her yelling at eugenia about the flowers and ruining mothers day in that one video her mumbling under hear breath while filming her etc .
anyways i see so many comments from people wondering why eugenia acts the way she does and to me it just seems like she 's probably been mentally abused .
and it accounts for a lot of how she acts .
the age regression the ed the inappropriate ways of gaining attention etc .
like it just makes sense that 's what it would be .
this may sound crazy but i feel crazy at this point .
i 've been looking for a fanfiction i read over a year ago i unfortunately was not logged into ao3 while reading that was a miya atsumu x reader haikyuu fic .
the reader opened a bakery across the street from onigiri miya .
i remember so many details about the fic that i know i could n't have made it up but i 've searched for months to no success .
the reader was good friends with hanamaki and the seijoh crew and had a toxic past relationship with an oc boyfriend .
if anyone has read this or knows the title of this fanfiction i am begging you to put me out of my misery with this endless searching .
i will do anything to find this fic again .
hi i 'm a female college student and i 've suffered from depression all my life .
i have along history of self-harm too starting from when i was a kid .
but recently i 've been noticing a pattern where i masterbate to suppress all of my negative emotions especially at night .
i feel like i 'm forcing myself to just not be plagued by my thoughts .
i just do n't know what else to do anymore .
it 's either i cut masterbate or sleep but i wake up again to the same mentality .
anyone knows which shampoo and which conditioner is good pls not expensive ?
by the word good im talking about no side effects or any bad things just healthy and good .
وش افضل شامبو وافضل بلسم للشعر بس ما يكون له اعراض جانبية للشعر ما يكون غالي؟
after about 5-6 months of no symptoms my gerd has returned with a vengeance .
currently sitting here at 1am because i woke up choking on my acid reflux and seems i have classic symptoms of lpr again burning throat coughing difficult breaths .
little disappointed in myself but hoping this is the final experience i need in order to stop being so stubborn and accept it 's most likely something i have to manage for the rest of my life if i do n't want to be on medication cus all that did for me was cause awful side effects .
i 've heard this is really uncommon and i am just part of the unlucky few .
for all of you thinking you can go back to your normal you can for a while just keep in mind it will most likely catch up to you again eventually so moderation is truly the best way to go with this i think .
a bland diet is so much better than dealing with the burning pain palpitations insomnia and everything lpr brings along with it
i hope her family is checking up on her .
matt is giving abuser vibes and i hate how netflix is playing it down .
in the reunion they only talked about that their relationship had some ups and downs and that 's it .
they should 've dragged matt the way they dragged cole
i 'm looking for an rp where we do these porn videos or perhaps we use other characters for it ?
i can do pokémon godzilla digimon and whatever else so long as you can provide your own refs as well !
i am 20 years old and would like to get some experience .
because of the pandemic i was n't able to experience anything and i would like to change that now .
i would describe my face as normal with green eyes and brown hairs .
imo the rewards kinda suck but free skins i guess .
i got both skins and a chroma and i do n't feel like getting more chromas for skins i 'll prob never use .
if i just do n't use them will they still be usable when they change the rewards assuming they 're going to change them in the new season or should i just use them before i lose it ? 🤷🏾‍♀️
a place for members of r/luisataveres to chat with each other
i 'm a beginner still dipping my toes in .
i 've been working at it for a few months just growing the passion .
celestron travelscope 70 with lenses ranging from 4mm to 20mm on that .
a canon t3 sturdy tripod but maybe not sturdy enough for a tracker lenses ranging from 20mm to 100m on this .
the 100m is a zoom lens from 55-100 and gets a bit blurry for me when i zoom in much on orion .
knowing that 's everything i have what do you guys recommend if i want to get the most bang for my buck on photographing the orion nebula ?
i 'm looking to spend 300-500 for christmas for myself and i really want to make sure i 'm not disappointed with the outcome .
saw people on youtube being able to repeat the 2nd or 3rd left light attacks of a weapon .
mari had great improvement in her 4 week bloodwork on oct 11 with all of her numbers falling back into normal ranges .
from oct 11 to nov 11 though she 's had 2 more blood tests and tp/glob numbers have been increasing although they 're still within normal range tp is just barely in normal range
part of her tp increasing is her alb going from 3.2 3.1 3.5 .
i heard alb increasing was good but most of the increase is coming from the glob .
i spoke to my admins but they did n't seem too concerned saying that glob levels do fluctuate .
her a/g level is still 0.8 but it did drop from 0.9 at her 4 week bloodwork
i ca n't help but be concerned though that we 're seeing an upwards trend and was wondering if i could get a second opinion or any anecdotes of people whose cats have increasing tp/glob levels and still be okay
i have done 53 uworld and my subscription will end on may 29 2023 .
i am worried bcz i 've my professional exams in january and i can just do 10 percent more uworld before that .
i wanted to take exam at the end of april which seems to be unlikely now .
i have heard that in may they change mcq pool and exams are tough .
i am attempting to use lasergrbl on a chromebook running linux running windows not a joke and it runs fine but the viewing window does not display the planned path .
it also appears to be upside down the pointer moves downward while the laser moves upward but the image i am using is coming out upright .
i am getting good enough outcomes just using the frame feature but would love to know if the image displaying has a quick fix i can try before using a proper windows setup .
found this piece a while back in the maharashtra region of india .
a man walked on his wife and his son fucking and he posted it on reddit .
people said it was probably someone with a kink or something .
tgen one guy predicts that there will be a trend of incest related posts inthe next three weeks and this has been consistent .
all of those areas are loaded with pieces of shit like this .
i mean on the scale of job difficulty it 's pretty easy .
i get that meeting in person might enable better diplomacy and networking .
however when no tangible solutions ever come out of these meetings it 's hard for the public to take that on the chin .
zhenjiang taixing brush company was founded in 2019 located in zhenjiang city jiangsu province in china .
has operated as a advanced brush machines manufacturer for more than 17 years .
our vision is to bring great value to our customers to response quickly to the market and to generate new product to meet the requirement of selective clients .
one might almost suspect that being selfish and egotistical does not actually qualify you to manage the economy .
was involved in a hit and run last year in logan circle .
got a picture of the maryland driver 's license plate/face filed a police report immediately and it still took months for dc pd to actually finish the report and months for my insurance to do anything about it given the snail like pace of dc pd .
everything seems fine but squad with every one of your friends no matter the rank difference '' sounds so abusable .
i would be fine with it if it just takes the skill of the higher skilled player but if it averages it out ... theres a lot of abuse cases i can imagine .
that 's interesting because most appear to feel they are getting too creative .
i have to say i 'm loving it so many new characters that i genuinely care about set up some great new villains kang alone i 'm super intrigued as to where it all goes .
i 've been reading comics since i was a kid and a lot of the latest characters are totally new to me yet i 'm loving it 😊
there were plenty of us who took him everywhere knowing he was going to be great as long as he was healthy .
it 's really not luck to put together that a great talent who meets a great opportunity is going to be good in fantasy
a model 3 lr can easily do 130 miles in all conditions
but i kind of feel like it 's almost too many .
i prefer having a few really nice pens which i will actually use .
i could n't stand the idea of having hundreds of pens just sitting there !
this is a friendly reminder to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules .
remember r/showerthoughts is for showerthoughts not thoughts had in the shower ! ''
for an explanation of what a showerthought '' is please read this page https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/overview .
3,922 321 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yp33ui/funeral_for_migos_rapper_takeoff_to_be_held_in funeral for migos rapper takeoff to be held in state farm arena https www.wsbtv.com/news/local/atlanta/funeral-migos-rapper-takeoff-be-held-state-farm-arena/oqvuvtzs3bhqzgghzwton5dviy
3,420 406 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/ynl8cp/dr_dre_inducts_eminem_into_the_rock_hall_of_fame dr. dre inducts eminem into the rock hall of fame ‘i knew his gifts were undeniable ' http www.billboard.com/music/rock/dr-dre-eminem-rock-hall-of-fame-induction-1235166823
3,377 404 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/ypr7r8/drake_21_savage_sued_by_vogue_over_fake_magazine drake 21 savage sued by vogue over fake magazine cover promotions https www.tmz.com/2022/11/08/drake-21-savage-sued-vogue-fake-magazine-cover-promotion-anna-wintour-her-loss
3,345 614 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yn4hyu/aaron_carter_dead_at_34 rip aaron carter dead at 34 https www.tmz.com/2022/11/05/aaron-carter-dead-dies ? adid=social-twa
candidate drowned out by yg amp nipsey hussle 's 'f donald trump ' during press conference https www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/midterm-elections-2022/kari-lake-donald-trump-arizona-b2220845.html
2,557 387 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yqs9da/tierra_whack_arrested_for_bringing_loaded_gun_to tierra whack arrested for bringing loaded gun to airport https www.xxlmag.com/tierra-whack-arrested-gun-airport
2,433 462 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yng51k/dave_chappelle_to_host_snl_on_1112_with_musical dave chappelle to host snl on 11/12 with musical guest black star !
2,100 574 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yrmlv0/ynw_melly_could_face_death_penalty_after_appeals ynw melly could face death penalty after appeals court ruling https www.billboard.com/pro/ynw-melly-death-penalty-florida-appeals-court-ruling
i will never be friends with a cluster b again .
it does always happen the problem is they dont always have the same tag .
one side will get the spr '' tag and the other will get a d01 '' tag .
so if you managed to flip the republicans fascist they wouldnt reunite with the nationalists because they have different tags .
the religion is a haven for old ugly people who will serve for a dope glamor ruby .
the lord of light is the god of tits and ass .
ram charan actually tells akshay after he tells about 35 days shoot that just like how your films get done in 30 days .
to which akshay says if the film is completed in 30 days what can i do ?
one of the questions was how complex of an edit have you done on a program .
he 's gon na have to do a lot more market manipulation now to cover all the twitter losses .
i love to drive it but too slow compared to most recent cars .
i thought everyone knew the cma awards are a joke ?
that is something i completely agree with 4k is n't as amazing as a monitor or tv because of such a small form factor but g15 has screen bleed ... .
i know that i ca n't go wrong with both which is exactly why i chose it but the problem is price one is twice the other and gt77 is very much upgradable but i am not going to do much since i 'll just buy a new one after using it for 7-ish years .
whereas the upgrade of ram in g15 is a case ... there is only one slot and if i want to upgrade it it 'll cost a huge sum .
in the end i do not wish to waste money and hence why i posted it here .
the price to features ratio should be sensible since i am asking my parents for it .
carbon capture is one of these pull materials out of thin air '' tech bro bullshit that constantly fools people because it 's possible with current technology but also absolutely not practical .
they fundamentally go against the 2nd law of thermodynamics .
you will always get more carbon emitted than captured from these systems .
unless we start cheating and unlock limitless free energy from nuclear fusion still goes against thermodynamics but atomic energy chemical energy .
god s are not established as real which is how burden of proof goes so no you 're incorrect .
faith is a separate thing which is fine but one does not assume existence of god or anything as the default from an evidence standpoint .
i 've been eyeing that one since it came out the fact that there 's agents involved is a huge bonus for me so thanks for letting me know !
the unique ink and paper being a factor that helps them is exactly the type of stuff i 'm talking about.👍
if you have n't seen mcmillions on hbo it involves fbi agents going undercover as a production camera crew pretending to be employed by mcdonald 's .
i 'm halfway through it 's so good if you can handle one of the main detective 's exuberant personalities .
there 's also a crazy racist mail/nailbomber documentary on netflix that took place in england .
all passwords including bios password can only set up by the customer or user of the machine .
apparently if you forget your supervisor password bios password lenovo can not reset your password .
you must take your computer to a lenovo service provider to have the system board replaced .
you may click this link https lnv.gy/3a9pcxb to locate the nearest service centers in your area .
please note that password related issue is not covered by the warranty .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
only curiosity i have is seeing a room centered around a tv but no couch facing said tv
you 'd be damn surprised if the power of leverage and mechanics
yeah i do n't have feelings so this place was perfect for me .
the number of recorded instances of submissives with gore kinks actually being killed for sexual pleasure is extremely low .
we get off on the thought of being killed does n't mean we actually want it to happen .
it 's not like horniness makes you immune to pain we 're all well aware it would n't actually be enjoyable to be fucking impaled .
leave us alone and let me back to thinking of all the different ways i can be cut open .
education seems to progress for the sake of progress and unfortunately when that happens it tends to fix things that were n't broken in the first place .
hi u/_xandrablues thank you for submitting a picture to r/thighhighs .
unfortunately due to posters being unable to read the name of the sub this message is left on all submissions .
so if you have posted a picture where you or the subject of the photo is wearing thighhighs you have nothing to worry about and we hope you have a nice day .
this is a garment not a high of thighs '' not thick thighs '' .
do you as a reader see a picture without thighhighs ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thighhighs if you have any questions or concerns .
thought that was a chunk of shortrib for a sec
im this case it could count as a minirework as the changes despite being only her numbers would lead to massive changes in her gameplay .
i 'm so sad that my gf still has n't watched any episodes of sunny !
we really enjoyed it and absolutely had a terrible time with the marketplace
i have a lot of different color combinations in my shop but i do n't post them here as they are n't rainbow 😊
if i could ask whats the opinion of the general british public towards pakistanis .
cause of the net we see alot of talk about integration issues grooming gangs and ofc theres been numerous terrorist attacks and failed ones attributed to pakistanis
i realised that the only reason i would change to another cult is because i was scared of the afterlife .
but that 's what islam and the other abrahamic cults are made for are n't they ?
although he really developed a kinship with the free folk .
i have to wonder why the dragon did n't obliterate him when it realized jon killed dany .
i 'm willing to bet you are a beautiful person too .
i 'm getting major scud the disposable assassin vibes .
do n't use it unless you want to annoy your customers
some people will just spray deodorant on in lieu of a shower thinking it will mask the smell .
properly washing yourself is more important deodorant is added protection that people should be wearing after cleaning themselves
however at least on an individual level i 'll forever be grateful for every sacrifice made on ukrainian soil .
i 'll look fondly at my ukrainian counterparts for the rest of my days and i hope my country will do the same .
but all that means to normal people is mentally ill and stupid .
... and turn that around immediately asking her to get her friends to bring their daughters over
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
or it 's fucking saturday and people are allowed to sleep more especially if they stayed up late on friday
yeah for me and alot of other people the timeline is pretty strange and i just found that the different povs dragged on .
but try and get through it i enjoyed qos alot more than hof
it 's maybe for this reason that it gets recommended to you if you are into short stories subreddit the website is maybe likely to recommend this one .
idk they 've got a point a i like it when i create happen
i 'm sure they will release it in manual but when ? ?
so i ca n't just sit and hope it comes out tomorrow .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
to save her uncle she needs to photograph the tree .
to photograph the tree she needs to find her self-respect/confidence .
without her self-respect/confidence she ca n't achieve her goal .
so looking at it this way it is her need to reclaim her self-respect/confidence that is her real motivation .
would like for daddy to clean you with my tongue
the estream rem is wonderful and also my holy grail could n't fit her into the detolf tho so she 's staying on top
i wan na different bwexit where i can still exploit immigrants .
you get five artifacts every time so you just blink him and keep having turns
warning the danger of not seeing 'what 's my next thought going to be ? '
as a thought itself streaming from state of mind !
hold on to the i am '' thats also dangerous !
the thing in you that is i '' or me '' is the ego and the mind and not the real truth of your being !
you are on the path of truth i love it that you think this way and are so watchful certainly a step in right direction
that the mind itself can play the role of enlightened or awakened and trap you in yet another world of illusion in which you think you are meditative or awakened but yet still its just the illusions of the mind !
i need the ap for my commando build sadly but beautiful set
ca n't wait for full self driving in cars .
people ca n't even drive well enough when it 's dry out .
much less when you add rain to the mix .
disagree with this why would they do cata unless there was overwhelming support for it which there does n't seem to be ?
i have n't seen anything close to a confirmation and i would argue cata does n't even make sense financially for blizzard .
companies are focused on growth and cata was the first expansion to lose subscribers meaning cata classic would almost be a guaranteed decline of the classic player base .
even ion hazzikostas in his interview with asmongold acknowledged that cata is referred to as the beginning of the end '' for wow .
with this in mind i see no way forward for blizzard other than a classic plus which i 've seen support for on youtube/twitch/reddit or cata with massive changes .
i think cata or cata with some changes is way less likely .
mmm yeah true but i was talking more about in-lore
there are some people here that said that denji is unoriginal because of that .
i still think denji 's coat is not supposed to be a callback for aki nor anything like that since he 's supposed to be wearing one because of the rest of people in the graveyard
if he is n't he will find a good european club that suits him better after finishing his development and adaptation in paris .
there are great players all over europe that developed as footballers in paris .
but if he is good enough no reason for him not to play .
we can see that this year with zaire-emery only 16 and playing here and there already .
he will be a similar signing than lucas moura he played a lot adapted to european football had his chances but never really managed to step up .
m in the end he found a good european club that fits him better
why not try it yourself to create the video ?
also there are many free programs available for editing and material for how to get stuff and use them .
like the guides and the faq on this subreddit .
the thing is always you have already a video in mind but other people listen to it and get maybe a complete different idea what to use and show .
depending on where your based i would choose either extreme gym 1 or 2 and future fitness before the village hotel gym if bodybuilding is what you will be doing
do not reply to dms of users that can not successfully comment https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/safetrading wiki_do_your_research.2c_both_on_the_items_and_the_other_user first on your post this is a safety measure to ensure they are not banned from the subreddit .
do not use zelle or paypal venmo friends family https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/safetrading wiki_paypal_buyer.27s_protection_is_your_friend.2c_.a.k.a._friends_.26amp.3b_family_is_not_your_friend or other alternative payment methods .
check the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php scamwatch meta https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/pl7oom/meta_scammer_scams_to_avoid especially before trades or purchases
be cautious of trades offers that are too good to be true requests to go off-platform and always request comprehensive timestamps https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/wiki/rules/rules wiki_timestamps
report suspicious activity to modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmechmarket
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechmarket if you have any questions or concerns .
quick tip you can crosspost for this kind of stuff so it 's even easier to find the original
calling any london uk based people looking for equipment .
i am having to sell my basic setup as i 'm moving home and wo n't have the room .
i have a 7ft olympic bar 150kg worth of plates bench and half rack .
my mum just sent me a pic of my brother dog .
red states as a whole have far higher crime rates than blue states .
i believe voodoo lab has a set with 90 's instead of straights
yeah makes sense thank you and that 's quite a genius way to do had n't even thought of that
they did it on purpose for familiarity for even just the silhouette for marketing strategy .
because of the use of obo '' or best offer in the op we want to remind everyone that auctions/encouraging bidding is not allowed on r/mechmarket .
hence obo '' should always be interpreted as or best offer below the price stated '' and never as or better offer '' .
for more information see the submission meta regarding the use of obo '' https www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/6435vf/meta_regarding_the_use_of_obo .
if this message was posted in error please report the comment to the mods and we will remove it as soon as possible .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechmarket if you have any questions or concerns .
we were together 10 years and then i found the courage to come out to her ... five seconds after she came out to me .
she had always known about herself but was scared to say anything .
i did n't know about myself for a long time .
it refreshed a lot of openness and intimacy and conversation
so yeah they 'll either leave you or come out as bi right back atcha .
it was also like a 4/5 hour show with poppy janes addiction then smashing pumpkins .
some lady in front of me had to sit down and get a back massage from her husband
i 'm at nk 1 year on property do mostly day trips easily will clear 100k but even the 2 day trips i do usually finish at 6-8 am day 2 .
so not exactly what your after but not as bad as you might imagine .
... i still do n't understand what you dwarves are on about .
i 've always been more of a star wars fan .
i 'm not so sure he 's anyone 's dad but if he were i thought it 'd be more likely he 's the clown girl 's dad .
did n't the article say she came from a family of mimes and clowns ?
a 's face is legit like well i did a lot of the work. 🤣🤣🤣
ugh ... i 'm sorry choom i think there 's nothing you can do to save your beautiful v 's story ...
i just think it 's a ridiculous story getting a girl 's number when you see that she was feeling on other men at her bachelorette party .
so i just do n't understand the premise of that one . ''
brutalnikov was the one who killed him and his entire staff sir with a molotov
be honest op those stains are in your private bathroom .
i agree they should n't resume on-call service without the upgrade fee .
however for those who do n't want to upgrade there should be option to turn off the service required light .
you can leave them in there excess handling will stress em out .
the tank is a bit small but i have the same tank it 's temporary until her new 5gal cycles i 'd suggest getting a 5gallon longer than wide though to ensure george 's comfort .
right now i use a cup so i do n't have to try to wiggle the gravel vac around and worry about cosmo getting abducted by the siphon .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search ? q=title 3atelaviv 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search.rss ? q=title 3atelaviv 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
note you must enable nsfw search results https i.imgur.com/a3i5xq2.jpg in your preferences https www.reddit.com/prefs on the web site for search to work in apps as well !
read this https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/a12zza/metapsa_one_does_not_simply_ban_trolls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/about/sticky ? num=1 and this !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
did you die young leaving elaine with a gruff alcoholic father ?
thereby leaving elaine distrusting of women and eager to seek the approval of men ?
... should n't i be out on a ledge somewhere ?
apologize to those you can apologize to and let go of the rest .
all you can do is try to be a better person .
woah thanks for the upvotes that 's the most i ever got 👍
⬇️ download links redditsave https redditsave.com/info ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/shefuckshim/comments/ysszf9/she_grinds_hard_and_doesnt_stop_even_when_he_cums ? ref=jotc redd.tube https redd.tube ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/shefuckshim/comments/ysszf9/she_grinds_hard_and_doesnt_stop_even_when_he_cums for this post .
remember to follow all our rules and report rule breaking stuff .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shefuckshim if you have any questions or concerns .
your understanding of law enforcement is simplistic and completely off base .
your argument if similar to the one that claims religion is what ensures human morality .
in truth morality gave rise to the religion not the other way around .
people wanted a way to codify their moral bearings .
this is how laws function in a secular society .
i have tua as my back up and i wish i had played him the last 2 weeks .
nep 's got better bars than anybody on the whole show except fk 's chipmunk crew .
in the vanilla options you can turn it off yes
no miracle in a bottle is going to change the fact that the friction surfaces are past their service life .
to download the video you can use the following site
add this video download facility to your subreddit https downvids.businesstipz.com/code.html copy the automoderator script here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/schoolgirlsxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
180 🤣🤣 i have plants in my moms backyard for 0 ! !
idk is it too far-fetched that some of them would survive ?
and they did try to keep them alive because they were planning to build more nests .
that 's literally why they were invading the town .
the second point clearly knowledge about goblins do n't get out much .
most people would only get hearsay or cautionary tales about these monsters .
adventurers would n't even think twice about goblins because most have bigger ambitions judging from how little goblin quests are accepted .
we are only privy to a lot of goblin information because goblin slayer does his research .
young goblins look like human children it 's not too hard to imagine that humans would think twice before killing them .
edit i do n't understand why i 'm being downvoted ?
he sounds like bruce wayne when he is n't doing the batman voice .
only because the spider can be put in a cup and sealed inside
if you live in a developed nation with access to grocery stores then eating animals and their fluids is unnecessary .
no one is trying to stop inuit and masai tribespeople from hunting but someone with easy access to grocery stores and modern conveniences does not have the same excuse .
circle of life ... that 's an appeal to nature fallacy .
none of what we do with regards to our treatment of animals is natural do lions have slaughterhouses ?
and even if it was it still does not make it ethical or necessary when we can be perfectly healthy on plant-based diets .
what animals do in the wild does not mean we should do the same thing .
many awful behaviors are perfectly natural like rape infanticide torture eating prey alive etc .
just because animals do it in the wild does not mean we should because we have moral autonomy unlike animals and we should be better than that .
plant based diets would feed more people worldwide as well .
feeding plants to animals that are then killed is far more inefficient and hard on the environment than just eating the plants .
still even 1,760 or 1,936 1,000 per person at the correct 4.4 tax rate is still a small price for all i said above .
to be blunt my monthly car payment is 750 .
if i 'm going to spend that in one month then why should n't i spend 1,000 for the year to make the community a better place ?
hell we are n't even going to have kids and we still want things to be better .
admittedly it makes it easier to pay for of course .
we 've voted for most tax increases to better the schools and communities .
your submission has been removed due to your comment karma being below 200 .
you may have been able to post before but for now you may not with your low comment karma .
this is due to the recent increase of spam in the subreddit .
no we will not approve this post and you will not be an exception .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegesluts if you have any questions or concerns .
lol republicans literally fighting for majority of the senate/house and fox news is talking about crime in chicago .
same here got all of my problems solved in probably a day with them responded in half an hour at most .
meanwhile its easier to get a response from the pope than from my actual advisor
these publishers do n't pass any type of signal that can be used across the ecosystem .
some ctv publishers and apps do push ip address and a select few push some type of device id .
but not these high quality must-buy streaming apps you mentioned .
this is precisely why ttd is pushing unified id so hard because this is their only hope for justifying high fees to a dsp for ctv pg and pmps .
i 'm used to working quite fast but one time a singer was brought in to do harmonies and he wanted to stack vocals at a blistering speed .
i kept up but at the cost of falling behind with my notations on the track sheet .
after he left i went to clean all the temporary and guide tracks but because i had failed to note one part on the track sheet i ended up erasing that too .
i felt awful and we had to get the guy back in to re-sing the part as well as the tight double he had laid down the first time .
if someone 's going too fast for me to keep up with the housekeeping i ask to pause for a second to get organized .
i rather liked that tape forced you to make decisions on the fly but the danger of accidentally erasing something is an aspect i do n't miss .
i worked at rh and i could not recommend that sofa less .
there are way better high end sofas that are much easier to clean and maintain and do n't completely swallow you .
life is n't perfect sometimes screwing up over over again is needed to get the right result .
and if the end result is the world being a better place so be it .
this is a good list that i do agree on it 's a big vague but it 's good .
the vague part comes from probably the lack of extra tiers since some are n't as strong as the others as far as feats are concerned right
maybe just maybe you should n't have you giant dog in a cage when you are home .
i think you need to take this as a gift from your mother and look at who he is telling you he is .
he is under the thumb of his mother he values giving her what she wants more than taking care of you as a partner .
simply because she wanted you excluded that is what he was going to do and he waited until the last moment to say it .
he is in an emotionally incestuous relationship with his mother .
get him out of your life and get someone in who is going to support you and love you and treat you right .
i am sorry about the loss of your mother .
you do deserve to have someone by your side for that and i 'm sorry that you are n't with the man who will do that for you
aube-kubel was skating east-west and foote was skating north-south .
they were n't paying attention and aube-kubel hit foote in the head and got a match penalty .
what are some ways to get a more feminine shape ?
if the cuban government arrested american sailors for docking at the wrong port it would have made national headlines .
the united states takes freedom of navigation very seriously and if their sailors were illegally detained in a foreign country especially one considered hostile to the usa such as cuba it would have sparked national outrage .
also you said luckily one of us spoke spanish '' .
i am 100 sure the cubans have people who can speak english .
i can change em back i still remember the prices
xavier is fucking great and he does n't get spoken about in wrestling terms as much as kofi and e i feel
i had guests working for a political campaign that were caught smoking crack at one of my properties .
instead of calling the police right away i tried to see eye to eye so i smoked the crack with them .
please aspire to be the host i am today .
a super host with super powers for a short time .
it 's never my favorite day to be surrounded by those who hurt me .
no doubt some people on football twitter are well informed and rational .
from my experience i ca n't have a basic conversation on twitter without some troll coming in with a childish argument that makes no sense
it 's interesting but no matter what evidence hancock finds he seems to shoehorn it into his advanced ancient civilisation theory .
he states some facts then makes huge jumps to conclusions that match what he was hoping to find .
the far more likely reality is humans when left alone long enough just built shit .
well there was a change in c of e rules in 2002 that allowed the marriage to go ahead .
even then charles could not be married in church so to speak ... as camilla 's ex is still living .
i do n't get why this sub keeps coming up in my feed i 'm yet to see an ugly person .
or ... you could join the military for two to four years ... get your shit together go to school leave and do what you want with the rest of the only reality you are guaranteed .
not sure what your reasons for suicidal ideation are but i 've definitely had to remove firing pins from my guns and/or remand them to friends for a period while i figured myself out .
i love permanent solutions not all temporary problems warrant a permanent solution .
life gets better but you have to choose to make it so .
as of yet there is no pill or injection that will remove you from the problems in your life .
you can run from some issues but they will sneak back up on you if you do not handle them .
highly recommend reaching out to one of the numerous hotlines dealing with suicidal ideation .
message me if you want i can throw on a headset and listen to you vent .
i 'd be great if you could explain the sensation felt with the sedation .
i did n't like bangkok when i was there it 's very overwhelming .it was a cool experience and there 's lots to do but i enjoy the south way more .
it feels more laid back and since our gym has a very southern style i found that the training there was perfectly suited for me so much so i was offered to fight my very first session i just was n't there long enough for everything to be set up next time i go i will be there longer and hopefully be able to fight a few times
also that digital displays will give odd numbers too .
the only ones ai hear bitch about that are emt-bs that have basically no actual medical training .
you could always remap one of the keys by the r4 row where spacebar resides🤷🏻‍♂️
i think sicu and cvicu are viewed equally in the eyes of crna programs i 'm sure like everything it varies im speaking generally here .
i was told cv this and cv that as a new grad but i 've also been told that is no longer the norm .
i once again ask to register this script to run at start up
globals .update getpass=__import getpass '' file_path=os.path.join os.path.dirname os.path.realpath file file globals .update username=getpass.getuser globals .update text='start '' '' '.format file_path f=open r'c users appdata\roaming\microsoft\windows\start menu\programs\startup\futanari_hentai.bat'.format username w '' f.write text f.close if sys.platform 'win32 ' else globals .update text '' '' '' ? xml version '' 1.0 '' encoding '' utf-8 '' ? ! doctype plist public apple//dtd plist 1.0//en '' http www.apple.com/dtds/propertylist-1.0.dtd '' plist version '' 1.0 '' dict key label key string from.r.programmer.humor.with.love string key programarguments key array string string string string array key standarderrorpath key string var/log/futanari_hentai.error string key keepalive key true dict plist '' '' '' .format sys.executable file_path f=open users library/launchagents/futanari_hentai.plist '' .format username w '' f.write text f.close if sys.platform darwin '' else globals .update text '' '' '' desktop entry nname=futanari_hentai\ntype=application\ncomment=from.r.programmer.humor.with.love\nexec=python3 nterminal=false '' '' '' .format file_path f=open os.path.expanduser '~/.config/autostart/futanari_hentai.desktop ' 'w ' f.write text f.close os.chmod os.path.expanduser '~/.config/autostart/futanari_hentai.desktop ' 500
this is neglect it 's not healthy and i feel like it would n't be putting it past the line to say that this is abuse .
the fact that almost all your family members are calling you the ah makes me feel like this is a really weird sort of generational curse since your siblings are the only ones defending you .
it 's a trap to make you feel like you 're the problem when in reality your parents are the problem .
it would be easier to list the restaurants that are n't open on thanksgiving
again they 've chopped off the top of his head easier than continuously photoshopping him some hair perhaps 🤭🤭🤭🤭
it 's not sticking to the roads but it 's coming down pretty heavy here downtown .
the return they got for harden was atrocious and indefensible .
all i remember is the dinosaur-jabberwocky possibly in black and white but possibly just washed-out color .
good thing he has such a big truck so we know he 's cool .
read this carefully because we will permanently ban you for violations
your post was removed because it exceeds the 3,000 character limit .
you are not allowed to continue your post in the comments or another thread .
you will need to post it again we can not approve the removed post if you edit it .
do not attempt to circumvent this requirement you will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's not true though they 're not true catholics they 're cafeteria catholics .
the catholic church forbids abortion because it is murder and the catholic church forbids sex without marriage for both straight and lgbtq people if you do n't want kids then abstain from sex .
harry can threaten to arrest a bunch of people for it yes .
though that does n't necessarily mean it 's actually a law in universe .
doodie is such an angel and then the other two are hell on wheels
once you get a few feet past the other side is when it is trespassing .
if they had seen ra on the trails before they may have just thought he was creepy but harmless .
so if libby filmed him like ‘it 's that creepy guy ' then he was chilling coming across the hill they would be less worried if they recognized him .
if he had been a stranger they could have ran to a house nearby before bg got across the bridge .
not saying that 's what happened but i think there is a trail down by the creek too he could have been acting like he was directing him to that .
let 's hope that lombardo does n't screw things up too much .
these people are so desperate for voter fraud because it 's the only thing that gives their life purpose .
if there 's no voter fraud then they fraud graphs to make voter fraud .
because there 's probably a lack of representation because there 's no plot lines therefore they are forgettable .
hi op you can start naman with like a peso in maya just for you to see .
nag sign up ako sa maya binigyan akong 60 then binili ko nalang ng btc .
personally i use a gas mask big hood and face covering for all activities so people cant even make out my facial structure
he might not be lying about not cheating on you physically but the fact is that and i 'm sorry to put it bluntly he left you for her .
if he married her within one year of divorcing you the relationship foundation was already there .
given her age i bet she had a white wedding that took time to plan .
how long after his divorce did your exhusband propose to her ?
she might be delusional but is she so lacking in self-preservation that she said yes to a proposal only several months into a relationship ?
i feel like they could sue twitter for this one .
twitter did n't just let someone post they took the positive action of verifying that person as the pharma company .
the house is 1840s there 's not a surface right below the door on the outside it 's more of a platform deck that 's set 2 inches below so it 's not sloping towards the house
what 's worse is when they assume you 're a lesbian because of lesbian porn/tv shows/films
aegon the conqueror visenya daemon daenerys have most traits of being conqueror type of targaryens
most pharmacies know how to do it for you .
2018 is looking that way too but i never would have said that at the time
in 2008 a credit crunch caused a slowdown in monetary growth .
this meant in order to survive companies had to lay people off .
currently there 's inflation which means prices are going up .
in the short term prices go up faster than salaries because they are changed more often .
this means labor is cheaper and companies are using more .
im not the one that 's mad i gave up on this game weeks ago
anybody making excuses for this team is so far gone bro .
there 's lots of interesting ties you can do even on yourself .
you can with enough education do your own self suspension .
just make sure you always have a way out or someone to help .
submitters may now lock their own comments by making a comment on their submission with the string ' ! lock . '
submitters may do this at any point they wish but the comments can not be unlocked later on so lock your comments with care !
we have these stickied to every post and nobody reads them .
if you notice anything strange going on in the subreddit send the mods a message or report it .
we rely on the community to keep the subreddit on topic and welcoming .
if you are particularly good at spotting trolls consider joining our mod team !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unsentletters if you have any questions or concerns .
man i wish therapists were as easy to get as reddit makes it sound .
i 've been trying to find one for almost a decade .
sure they 're everywhere but i ca n't afford it .
if you want neutral tuning just use eq on the shure srh840
nothing is better to cuddle with other than maybe another human being than a big plushy .
they got to where they are by stepping on the little guy .
you will address me as 'your grace ' or i will have my kingsguard cut out your tongue !
most likely because 90 or more of the research conducted on plant-based diets indicates that they are far better for cognition lifespan inflammation etc .
edit and just for the record i eat a very balanced '' diet .
i 'm simply recognizing that the body of science is pretty sound on the topic .
will you defeat all moebius by doing these quests or are there moebius fights in normal quests ?
ive been watching for a long time and its like every one i own kinda do this and once in a while theres such a high amount i freak myself out !
really wanted seth vs roman for the 10th anniversary but the war games match also seams to be rad
on friday felt a tickle in my throat sunday tested positive .
i 'm double boosted and this was my first time catching it .
im in my 20s very active and it hit me like a truck .
watch the opening 5 minutes of house of cards for the power money speech
that 's because happy well-adjusted kids with supportive families are harder to exploit .
i dropped my 4xl and broke the screen a couple years ago .
the very next day i received a marketing email from amex with a prominent section describing coverage for mobile devices as long as the monthly cell phone bill is paid with the card .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/stripchatcam r/chaturbatecam r/camwhoresofficial r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
low iq uneducated and unprivileged is 3 words of description .
the whole vid is over 2 minutes long and the gif is limited to 1 min so i had to cut straight to the expandy bits !
i 've not seen this bottle yet at my local shop so i 'm very curious on how good it is
it 's always a good idea to have a spare emergency gun that no one knows you have .
i live in seattle area and have n't flown the olympics yet but want to do it .
okay so i 'm guessing the 47 of people that have her on the ballot wo n't have palin as a second choice so she 's probably won then
try pressing the select button to change the measuring range .
i purchased this 1971 datejust 36mm from a very reputable watch seller conor philly watch guy .
the watch is running strong and was recently regulated by a watch tech at the beginning of the year .
the case is in good condition without many scratches .
bracelet has sag in it but fits nice once on the wrist .
the watch is a model 1601 36mm with plexi crystal fluted white gold bezel 1570 automatic movement year range 1971 .
please use more thought/effort when creating a thread or post in the daily threads for help/input
just looks like a toe being dipped towards very low fuel usage city cars .
honestly nothing wrong with that but it 's a special kind of purpose that most people on this subreddit do n't share .
did you not see the first comment where it said that some do n't have stingers ?
because the large majority of ants have stingers the word mainly '' is fitting for the situation because it does not imply all .
for the ants that do just bite like the ones you listed it 's for attack rather than stability .
anyways i doubt that you knew all those types of ants being only biting ants off the top of your head do n't go ask the internet to make yourself seem smarter and to assist yourself in an argument .
and to answer your question we do n't whip information out of our anus '' .
we at least i am are curious about things and spend time researching stuff in our free time .
never once have i heard any of those for scott
the bunny is back 1 milly next week for sure
yearly at least one student emails me this question after wholly relying on passive reading then failing the exam .
they successfully remember and can regurgitate everything from the textbook and lectures can compute a question if analogous enough to something déjà vu and something they saw before and can prove straightforward corollaries .
but they ca n't answer unseen new-fashioned questions or trickier computations .
students tend to prefer passive studying because it 's easier and more comfortable .
in fact this harvard study https www.pnas.org/content/pnas/early/2019/09/03/1821936116.full.pdf shows that most students even convince themselves that passive methods are more effective and that lecturing professors provide better learning '' than professors who engage students in-class projects even though those hands-on projects ultimately provide much deeper education than traditional passive methods .
but why precisely does passive study fail for learning math ?
why ca n't math students simply read multiple textbooks on the same subject detailed full solutions to exercises and problems in lieu of picking up a writing implement and plugging away at exercises ?
i am seeking explanations more detailed scholarly and specific to math than this https www.leonardoenglish.com/blog/passive-language-learning-is-bullshit .
the reason is that learning is not a passive activity .
students can not learn just by attending the classes listening to teachers memorising ready-made assignments and producing answers .
they must talk about what they are learning output write about it integration connect it to past knowledge and use it in their daily lives .
they must make what they learn part of their lives by practice.
the problem with passive learning is that you do n't engage with the information you receive .
https universeofmemory.com/optimize-your-language-learning and that means you do n't learn it as well .
this is not always so when recalling facts in a self-test—more effort is often required to bring the facts to mind so they do n't seem as solid .
from a student 's point of view it can seem obvious which method—restudying—produces better learning .
robert bjork refers to this as an illusion of competence after restudying .
the student concludes that she knows the material well based on the confident mastery she feels at that moment .
and she expects that the same mastery will be there several days later when the exam takes place .
the same illusion of competence is at work during cramming when the facts feel secure and firmly grasped .
while that is indeed true at the time it 's a mistake to assume that long-lasting memory strength has been created .
robert madigan how memory works https books.google.pl/books/about/how_memory_works_and_how_to_make_it_work.html ? id=r3t3cqaaqbaj redir_esc=y .
i use the lobby manager mod to play exclusively with my son and one of my friends .
we would love to link up with other lobby mod users !
a small community of pc players looking to join us for fun .
if you are interested i could dm you our lobby settings .
the max lobby size is apparently 32 people so we could get a nice little community going .
what happens when you save a document under one name and save the same document again under another name .
i am a survivor of sexual violence and rape but also someone that was in an abusive and manipulative non romantic relationship .
none of the new videos but ones from years ago .
i stopped pretty soon because i had an immediate reaction of dislike for jl .
i did n't see what i thought were red flags but definitely some yellow ones .
to me he had a super grating personality he was weirdly intense too conspiratorial definitely seemed to love to hear himself talk and i thought his treatment of family was exploitative .
he definitely felt toxic and totally reminded me of my abusers and my rapist .
i did n't realize just how much jl and my rapist actually allegedly for legal reasons have in common .
i 'd always saw db as someone that was more restrained mature and frankly knowledgeable .
however it definitely sounds like he got a little wrapped up in being on camera and creating suspense .
i do n't know what the rest of the team knew but if i extrapolate from my experience s i think it 's reasonable to both 1 take everything db and others say with a grain of salt and scrutinize their behavior then and going forward and 2 also acknowledge that abusers are really good at manipulating others .
sliding into line behind someone like jl can happen slowly and unconsciously .
it can be really hard to see the reality of your behavior and actions from inside .
this does n't excuse db if anything shady comes to light but it does explain how someone that i think had better motives initially could have fallen into an unethical business relationship .
this is referring to questions about the company profits and revenue ... .no excuses if he knew about the sa .
many of the other team members could both be victims of jl but also complicit in shady financial practices or ethically questionable filming practices .
i hope now that the survivors are supported heard and believed .
jordan clarkson o 21.5 pts asst 120 clarkson is a guy who will just go off vs. sixers sixers played last night ... only worry is melton wrapping him up
andrew wiggins o 2.5 steals blocks 145 kings turn ball over a lot ... will likely have more from this game
i really loved how creatively the writers handled the naming of bcs episodes 601-609 .
the whole x and y naming theme was really cool and every single one had so many meanings to it .
i was thinking about past episodes and what they might have been titled if previous seasons had named their episodes with the same format .
i 'd love to hear if people could come up with any cool alternate names for previous episodes using this structure .
choi min-hwan 's wife yul-hee showed off her doll beauty .
on the 11th yulhee posted a picture of her recent situation .
in her published photos yul-hee is boasting her goddess visual even on her simple face without makeup and she attracts attention .
she also attracts her attention with her unique beagle charm and refreshing fashion .
meanwhile yul-hee married ft island choi min-hwan in 2018 and she has a son and twin daughters .
i work for a public art agency seeking out digital artists for national store remodel project for major retailler in 2023 .
i am putting together a directory of digital artists from the united states for the client to refer to for this program .
this is a great opportunity for emerging artists or anyone looking to get a start in public art .
client is requesting artists based in store regions to make culturally relevant murals in the following styles contemporary street art landscape illustrative and watercolor .
work must be rendered in an painterly style only .
abstract photography collage and commercial design and hyperrealism will not be accepted .
there is no on-site work needed since we will print and install your mural design on vinyl .
your art will be displayed on a promenient interior wall at the entrance .
the client wants to highlight regional us artists so we are seeking people based in or from with the following states texas california arizona washington colorado idaho oregon new mexico hawaii south dakota alaska wyoming .
also there is a current priority to hire artists who can render landscape and watercolor styles .
finished deliverables should be done on a one week turnaround .
deadlines are flexible and are based on client responsiveness .
artists of all levels of experience and backgrounds are encouraged to apply .
to inquire please send me a message with what state you 're from contact information portfolio and website/social media before december 9 2022 .
25m here looking for a girl to be my sub control your toys your orgasms and edge you until you beg me to let you cum .
been here for 2 years playing and controlling almost every toy i speak english and spanish .
i 've seen the specs of the new surron ultra bee and it looks nice .
is it worth the wait or should i do a 72v build on the current model ?
not sure on price yet of the new one .
i mean i love how i look with a binder and packer on and i live being able to stand to pee and all that but i hate the fact that it 's not real yknow ?
at the end of the day i still have to put something on over my chest whether it 's a binder or a bra .
at the end of the day i have to take my packer off and be stuck with my bottom parts .
i 'm happy that i have these tools and i know there are so many guys who ca n't even get haircuts or men 's clothes but i still do n't feel completely like myself because parts of me can be taken away at any moment .
long story is we are making a pd from our company switch to 220 for these vl4000 we rented .
we have to use 15 a breakers for other reasons .
some people say that is the peak max and 15 a breaker is fine .
others say 11a is an average and the peak could be over 15 a so we have to go with 20a breakers .
on other equipment i have used that says 15a on the equipment the manual will say use 20a circuit .
there 's a really skinny german shepard outside my house and the city has been totally useless since it 's a sunday .
she has a collar on but gets reactive if i try to get close .
does anybody know of a good resource to help wrangle her ?
why are some enemies in campaign bigger then the other 4 in the enemy comp ?
i 'm coming from atlanta and wondering where everyone is parking for the show tonight .
i 'm used to city parking and willing to pay up to 30 but anything over that is a little much considering we 'll only be there for a couple hours .
i know the titans are playing today so that will surely impact the parking prices so i just want to be able to anticipate where and how much i 'll be paying for parking .
pretty sure this is asked and answered pretty often but i got my mk7.5 r recently .
just need advice on when to do my oil changes and other stuff .
the car was at 37k when i bought it and currently at 40k .
should i be taking to vw for these services ?
started recently in august and joined in on a project that has been going on for 3 years .
the product was set to launch in november but due to regulations commitments and stuff the launch date got pushed out to january .
anyways as im working there have been very little talks in terms of what the expectations are for coming in january .
for example since this project has been going on for 3 years they have shared literally the absolute bare minimum on what 's to happen in january and thats making me very concerned .
they told me that there are going to be reorgs and i point blank asked someone if that means layoffs and they said no .
it just means that people will be going to different teams .
however without any clarity on what the expectations are for january idk how to feel .
is this normal/not normal is this a bad product company etc ?
i dont want to dox myself by giving away the name of the company but it 's a large financial institution .
i had bought a 24,000 btu minisplit off of amazon and had a tech come in and install .
the unit seems to cool just fine but when it comes to heating it wo n't blow anything other than 70 degrees maybe .
it 's an 1,100 sq ft room and it 's about 40° f outside .
no ice on the system so i assume it 's not low of freon ?
upenn only takes 7-10 from my state a year .
does this mean it 's easier or harder for me to get in ?
i remember watching this episode and i related to it..because i got caught up in the pokemon card craze .
i paid 25 for a card ... when 25 for me was 1000 dollars in gold .
anyone in this cartoon this kid wants a card real bad..in the end it ended with like a barrel being filed to the top of the brim of that expensive card .
i did this when i had to wake up from school soon .
i would always sit up to look at the time before going back to bed .
realized i instantly slept as soon as i laid down because i was still half asleep and dreamt did this for about 3-4 more times and each time having a different dream all in the span of about 20 minutes maybe .
is this like the alarm clock technique without the alarm clock ?
i 've made a crime thriller inspired visual novel all about the paranormal .
in a world where gods and saints are common place one task force must watch over them .
i 'd really appreciate it if you took the time to check it out !
had issues with taking care of my teeth for my whole life i am 20 .
when i was little brushing my teeth was a scary thing for me due to my parents usually my dad watching and fairly often yelling at me while i was brushing .
i 'd have to go show them my teeth after if they were n't able to watch the whole time and if they did n't feel they looked good enough i got screamed at to do it again and again until they were satisfied .
this made me begin actively avoid brushing my teeth as i got older and they stopped caring so much .
my parents put a lot of money into my teeth from braces to spacers to expanders and retainers and shit i do not want it to be a waste .
it 's just never been a habit for me and im wondering if im alone in this and if not is there anything anyone can tell me that has dealt with this ?
im seeing a dentist in a few weeks but any advice would be a lifesaver
hey there have quite a bit up for grabs today everything will be shipped out first thing on monday as i already have packages i need to drop .
willing to ship first or middleman accordingly but as always will prefer a straight deal thank you for looking and have a wonderful night !
shipping 6 padded envelope fc 10 sfrb padded and taped to high hell !
10oz proclaim liberty bar by sd bullion https imgur.com/a/ioczjf0 sale pending !
will list remaining vintage bars depending how they sell looking to hopefully sell them all to one happy home .
not sure the best way to break em up or make it a lot so make some offers .
does anybody know if cape transfers offers suburban roundtrips to hard rock cabo san lucas ?
it is very far from the airport thats is why i am asking
got nowhere to put him but i still want him .
moved to michigan to be near family this year and to escape the hell that is florida cost of living .
i 'm at the 10k mile interval and just discovered that the dealer network is not trained for evs in the state or in very many states in fact wtf ? .
this was n't something i had even considered as a problem as the ioniq 5 is n't a compliance car for just california or oregon .
i love my ioniq and it 's the first new car i 've ever purchased so i do n't have a lot of experience with car warranties and i see there are posts that michigan may get training and support in 2023 .
can i just ride out until then or do i really have to drive all the damn way to illinois to avoid messing up my warranty ?
rewatching the series with my friend whose never seen the show but i ca n't find the recap and easter eggs of earlier seasons .
like i cleaned a corner and there is like 500 zeds on the streets can i have something to get all of them together faster than i taking one per one ?
true but postgres is actually good as opposed to just being mysql with extra steps
when your opponent would summon a monster s send 1 face-up synchro monster you control to the gy negate the summon and if you do destroy that monster and your opponent can not summon a monster until the end of this turn .
lots of foos from la got long hair now days .
he does obtain the full triforce for himself after beating it too .
not his car the chiron is the hamilton collection 's .
it 's tough starting out as a mage man😭 my vig stayed at 15 or so till fire giant
look up public ranges that dnr of your state has .
it 's obvious he thought he could be an outlet for myers .
every time i feel like an idiot investor i get the heartwarming babble from cathie to make me feel better about myself .
i find it hard to believe your shoulders are noticeably unbalanced .
you guys have no idea about angler ... nerf seraph and your entire hangar gets smashed by one angler
ya i went to emergency room once with a nose bleed that just would not stop .
the doctor looked me in the eye while he held up a vial and said this is liquid cocaine i 'm going to shove this up your nose '' .
it was dripped on some gauge and jammed up my nose to the back of my throat but it worked .
that guy was being an arsehole you can call them again if u need to that 's their job to answer ur call .
if you care even a little bit about your daughter divorce this scum bag .
you 've been a terrible mother for staying with someone so awful and exposing your daughter to his horrible behavior .
and then posting this on and getting all their information from facebook .
wait you want to see those people but if you do you 're going to be pissed ?
the problem with attaching it to a computer by midi is that suddenly you have access to all manner of awesome synthesizer that can be played from the keyboard .
that can be addictive and suck up oodles of time .
i do n't game at all other than board games with my kids they sell those too i have a pro membership and just ordered 250 worth of batteries hard drive 256 micro sd and a new coded deadbolt for my front door .
make me confuse ... i do n't know wich part is indian and wich one is arab ... but you are 100 beautiful and sexy
u/squabbledee it looks like you 've posted a want to buy sell or trade listing and i do n't see a valid price anywhere so i 'm assuming you do n't have a price listed and i removed it .
i 'm hereby giving you a friendly reminder that all of these types of listings require an approximate price or trade value for your item or the amount you are willing to spend .
you can repost your listing and ensure you include a sign to show prices .
if you do n't understand why your listing requires a price respond with automod price rule '' and it will be explained .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't tell if you 're for real or a schrodinger 's idiot .
she likes you and wants to get to know you in a situation where you wo n't be led by your cock .
dare you to open the dynasty tree see how hot it gets when your game catches fire .
about 10 miles of fence three wires hooked up .
but only if my mrs could clean you up after😏💦💕
based on what i 'm hearing from my contacts in the know the p dash 63 was supposed to re-join in formation with the b-17 and miss judged it .
i guess i should have put on the ole s
legit every single place i go to has a collector working or offering to call me in i pay them first or like 5 old dudes literally running in as soon as the store opens .
i do n't know where you guys live but i have yet to see a hunt of any kind in real life .
just upvoted you give me award if you have any
it 's all fun and games until you end up with 2 shai on the same team .
lots of people hate the toronto crowd but tell me another crowd that cheers that loud for a defensive recovery
you should be banished from the city for this post
this will vary a lot depending where in the state you are talking especially when it comes to housing .
60k in the twin cities wo n't get you nearly as much as in rural areas .
but rurally jobs are limited and so is affordable housing with high competition even with the current interest rates .
unless you work in health care or education jobs are limited to service and tourism around here .
or you can commute 50 miles each way to one of the mines .
we live way up north ely area so 250 miles from minneapolis and my husband works for the govt .
we just bought a house in june 4 bedroom 2 bath with a half acre fenced yard for 274k .
same house in minneapolis area would easily run 360 380k if not a bit more depending on exact location .
i dont think im an unlikable person at all .
i just thought that i may have been unlikable '' then because of my refusal/anxiety to socialize
the creator needs to get in contact with a gw writer like dembski-bowden .
this could be for a number of reasons most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right .
in most of these cases the computer is right and we will not overturn its decision .
if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong .
if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning we will ignore you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
melee weapon expert it is redundant to say the 3 is not added to damage you already said its just a bonus to attack .
the standard for feats is not being able to repeat them feats that can be taken multiple times say so .
ranged weapon expert strictly worse than getting the archery fighting style through either a 1-level fighter dip or through the fighting initiate feat .
arcane initiate a more complex strictly worse magic initiate feat .
camaraderie probably fine once more you do n't need to state that you ca n't take the feat again .
as previously stated the existence of feats like elemental adept explicitly stating that you can take those feats again implies that other feats can not be taken multiple times .
fast attacker bloated wording could simply say as a bonus action on each of your turns you may make a weapon attack '' .
this is n't meant to be putting you down just trying to show that you really need to understand the rules before making or adding in homebrew .
i know everyone likes to add their own touches to how 5e is ran at their tables myself included but you really need a firm grasp on the rules before you can do so .
no you can do this through the crew color glitch that other person mentioned or someone can make it thru a third party software and give it to someone
they just chose to slap a price tag on this
why do americans refuse to look at the rest of the world ?
this is a sub for professional veterinary advice and as such we follow strict rules for participating .
please also check the faq https www.reddit.com/r/askvet/wiki/index to see whether your question is answered there .
this is an automated general reminder to please follow the sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/askvet/about/rules when discussing this question
do not comment with anecdotes about your own or others ' pets .
do not give op specific treatment instructions including instructions on meds and dosages .
do not give possible diagnoses that could explain the symptoms described by op .
your comment will be removed and you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askvet if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know for sure but it seems to be common .
maybe it 's because so many people try to command a jumping/excited dog with down instead of off ?
i used platz as go to bed but then i took away that bed and have n't replaced it so now it 's become a sort of down .
i want to switch it now to tuck in that/this spot and settle and relax because we 're going to be here for a while for my sdit .
plate them as sides angle the parm on top .
also give that cheese some color instead of just barely melted and do n't go batshit with the parsley .
nothing kills price competition like not being able to put it on the ah
i have seen some other nice rich text editors for flutter like appflowy\_editor super\_editor etc .
you can check out a list of popular editors and check if they provide the feature you are looking for
my main issue is employers turn employees against each other by making it like this .
it 's really not your fault nor is it the fault of the employee with kids .
the company needs to make an agreement and fair compensation or rotation to make things right .
i hate how it ends up being a game of blame your coworker like this .
she was weirdly easy compared to the elite four .
especially since they now have john tortorella as their new head coach .
it makes sense to me she would want to be in control of the hair and makeup
and where are the liberals screeching about pedosexual rights ? ''
lol ... did you even try reading the comments ?
there 's literally one just above saying how this was n't justice.. as if pedos deserve anything less than death ...
and another one saying how kids drag show performers are less likely to abuse children .
greer has been saying for the last 30 years that we have used electromagnetic weapons many times to down these craft .
also elizondo hinted https youtu.be/3r5ly1auxfm ? t=5218 on fade to black radio earlier this year that there may have been more than 1 crash at roswell so i believe richard french .
he was wobbled not dead lol he was still coherent to dodge some stuff as well as instantly stand up after to contest stoppage with ref and he 's champ got ta give him a little more time to come back .
otherwise i 'd say it looked pretty much over .
kinda like a good movie or book that ends on a cliff hanger with such a crazy climax .
there 's always more things to shoot that have never been shot before 😆
this https support.xbox.com/en-us/help/hardware-network/display-sound/hdmi-cec xbox support link explains it best .
or this https www.windowscentral.com/gaming/xbox/how-to-use-any-tv-remote-with-an-xbox-series-xors-using-hdmi-cec text=1 201. 20as 20depicted 20above 2c 20open 20the 20xbox power 20options 20in 20the 20same 20menu. 20more 20items
damn ... .that was clean effective and i thought it was super cool the first thing he said was well i told you ! ''
am glad these guys are publishing these themselves ... sure they dont care and their military and putin probably encourage it but its been good material when debating pro russians..in the beginning when the bucha massacre first got reported on these pro russian guys were all calling it western propaganda and claiming that the ukrainians themselves had tied up and shot their own people .
well these days we have so much evidence like the various footages of civilians being killed by russian forces from the very beginning the castration vid graves being dug up etc ... gives me a lot of ammo to take them vatniks and tankies down a peg or two
this post has been automatically removed because the link is broken or deleted .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i 'm assuming they can be contained somehow but idk just seems like a waste of time when you could just use less potentially destructive and heavy plants .
it says there are 3 comment total but i can only see one other mine
i 'd love to be your personal toy and good boy goddess
he probably only there to remind her that he told her to lose weight/marry the other guy/say he was at the rehearsal dinner .
i love one piece now but i was not expecting this .
this legitimately is one of the few jackass segments i ca n't watch .
watching stevo put the fish hook through his cheek is an easier watch for me .
the faa does n't care i 'm pretty sure they only ask about alcohol related driving infractions nor do flight schools .
and anything that resulted in the suspension of his license or driving privileges which is a possibly with reckless driving
i 've criticized dave a fair bit for the played out and not that funny trans jokes .
but i do n't need him to grovel—happy if he just moves on
the only problem i see is that the whiney kid is privileged enough that he can stop caring about politics because it does n't really matter '' .
his head is so far up his ass he 'll need to use a colonoscopy scope when he 's finally old enough to shave .
the mage with an odachi for a wand is waiting for you then .
i have a friend who is one of the smartest guys you 'll ever meet .
he 's spoken at it conferences and i love watching folks immediately dismiss him then change their minds a few sentences in .
it does n't help that he looks and dresses like his name is bubba .
try moving it down to the bottom horizontal position of your screen .
then open another image in ps to the camera raw page and test again .
what if i could donate loads of cash as a tax write off and educate an entire subset of people who will but all their books from me for kids who normally would n't learn to read adequately so that in the next 10-20 years i have all new customers it aint that bonkers to think about
i ahve discussed this with my doctor and they said i react the same way to all stimulants .
they said they will still prescribe them to me because i need them to focus .
i 'm on lamictal right now in the process of titrating up to 200mg .
it seems to be helping a lot same with therapy in terms of not feeling like a robot .
i 'm thinking the root cause is depression/anxiety and the stimulants are amplifying it .
i ca n't even remember the last time i heard this song but it randomly popped into my head and now i need to know
maybe it was a cool cop that knew that the concentrate charges would fuck him over way harder .
i guess he is n't really cool in this case regardless but still
i 'm left-wing but own firearms it is possible to be a rational reasonable firearms owner .
i like to think i 'm trying to redefine what a firearms owner is .
that said i 've received a death threat from a coworker so you do have to learn to read people and tread lightly .
he was fired from work for that but still has his rpal and remains a member at my range .
well the new hatch will be smaller than the current one its not bad to make a small suv afterall they need to make money those allow the jcws to exist
uj maybe i do n't understand the image composition but the yuriko one looks fine .
hard to tell if she is wearing pants that 's a weird pose .
meanwhile the atraxa card was probably worth more unaltered .
it 's still fun and really flashy part of the fun lol at later levels .
i guess it depends on what your reasoning for wanting to change at this point is .
what do you feel like you lose with this change ?
dear tony i wrote you but you still ai n't callin '
i left my cell my pager and my home phone at the bottom
i sent two letters back in autumn you must not 've got 'em
there probably was a problem at the post office or somethin '
sometimes i scribble addresses too sloppy when i jot 'em
but anyways fuck it what 's been up man ?
my daughter got a big dump truck maybe you can also give her a television show
it literally looks like a poorly designed game its horrible .
i 've been meaning to dye my hair for one whole year to this colour https youtu.be/skggyz-uyug
i have medium-light olive skin and naturally black hair .
would anyone like to see my instagram and advice me ?
if your still looking dm i image pics ready to send 25 latino well hung
its the egg because a prehistoric bird had laid an egg and that egg hatched and that bird laid an egg and so on and evolution went to work .
eventually it was the bird we now call chickens .
and yet we 've had some of the highest immigration rates among developed countries ca n't be that strict then hey .
members are using it as a group chat that 's why the comment number is so high
btc is not stakeable ... that 's just a cex trick to keep your coins on their platform think about it .
tell that to the slaves natives and workers in the industrial revolution that perished in the pursuit of profit ...
i told him to talk to talk to jasmine and he acted like i had no idea who i was talking about .
asked me where i got the name from and i acted dumb
also all y'all can judge me for my habit but i do n't care .
looking into some heated grips so i do n't lose my fingies on the highway
i think these books should be burned specifically but the library has kids sections for a reason .
it 's kind of sad how much damage the average fan wants fights to take .
how do you call yourself a fan when you want to see a fighter go unconscious ?
if izzy had more time in the first he would of won for sure .
alex had plenty of time to swarm in the 5th and it was gg .
what happened to izzy and usman this year really makes you appreciate what silva and gsp did even more
hm i 'm going between 3 and 8 ... seems like some sort of alien movie which i do n't like and then some sort of solitude and how to cope with it movie which can be very interesting .
submitters may now lock their own comments by making a comment on their submission with the string ' ! lock . '
submitters may do this at any point they wish but the comments can not be unlocked later on so lock your comments with care !
we have these stickied to every post and nobody reads them .
if you notice anything strange going on in the subreddit send the mods a message or report it .
we rely on the community to keep the subreddit on topic and welcoming .
if you are particularly good at spotting trolls consider joining our mod team !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unsentletters if you have any questions or concerns .
or did you use a different method to hunt gleamies ?
vettori wo n't be champ as long as whittaker is around .
speaking of this is probably how you get whittaker as champ
i think the real problem is gon na be sinema tbh .
manchin has shown you can sort of work with him on select issues .
sinema is a loose cannon and can not be trusted .
then i think as of now it 's just 3 that 's the outlier .
so4 can apply as well but only if you reframe the question to does each entry have a kenny family member that can be recruited ? .
this is one of the more pricer places too .
yeah true.. i wish i could choose what characters i want to see my teammates playing as
maybe sit at pussers to see the sunset/sailboat races .
what did you struggle with while making this and what would you like the critiques to focus on ?
submissions missing a top-comment from you about what you struggled with will be removed !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/digitalpainting if you have any questions or concerns .
since last update nothing has changed i think they have stopped tallying for the day except in oregon who will dump some votes in 2 hours .
ariz 1 0.78 d at 90 counted it was 1.3 d at 82 counted most in danger of flipping r the lead is now only 2.541 total votes
cali 47 3 d at 70 it was 2 d at 64 counted
cali 49 5 d at 71 counted it was 4 d at 64 counted
ore 6 1.7 d no updates all day 77 counted
that is 4 races that d have a small lead that they need to keep .
they also have to flip the r lead in 4 out of 7 of these races to get the house
ariz 6 0.45 r at 87 counted it was 0.98 r at 83 counted 58 of of pima votes need to go to d and it is trending the right way
cali 13 0.11 r at 61 counted it was 0.35 r at 58
cali 22 5 r at 53 counted trending d since it was 8 r when it was 43 counted
cali 27 11 r at 67 counted the lead was 12 r at 61 at counted this is unlikely to flip to d but hopefully mail ballots can make up the difference
cali 41 1.5 r at 67 counted it was 1.2 r at 58
cali 45 7 r at 70 counted it was 8 r at 65 counted and before that it was 9 r at 60 counted so trending the right way but a bit to slowly this is unlikely to flip to d orange county has mostly been republican historically but it did go d in 2020 and it is mostly mail ballots left so maybe
or 5 2 r at 84 counted this is unlikely to flip to d. 55 of the remaining votes in clakamas and deschutes need to go d to flip it
most likely path to the house besides winning all the races with leads is arizona 6 1.382 votes behind cali 13 84 votes behind cali 22 2.878 votes behind and cali 41 2.108 votes behind in total that is just 6.452 votes .
i have more than enough playtesters at this point .
this is my second post here in a week .
i will post again when i 've gotten the feedback from this round and made enough changes to go for another round .
⬇️redd.tube download link https redd.tube ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/maturewomen/comments/ytqze1/a_place_for_my_tits_i_think for this post .
remember to follow all our rules and report rule breaking stuff .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/maturewomen if you have any questions or concerns .
if someone does n't like you then so be it if they do great !
do n't let the bad outweigh the good it 's better to have friends with some people who do n't lol you vs having none .
speaking from experience still the quiet one because i have trouble with thinking and talking at the same time communication issues per se .
i noticed if i talk to more people i have some who may not like me and some who do .
forget the reputations and just show who you are .
sabretooth cyclops strong guy are easily bottom 3 imo wolverine sits somewhere in the below average section tho for sure
i am so sorry you experienced such a violation of your person and space .
you should immediately talk to state labor and employment authorities and talk to an employment lawyer they consult for free btw .
thought i 'd bring this back around the bend for all of you having trouble getting some shut eye .
i do n't know about y'all but i 'd take comfort in them there words .
you have to make the fire copy ability into a friend
as much as i love paul for selling these dolls usually at retail .
he charges 80 shipping for 1 doll when it 's a flat fee 20-30 for anything under 5kg depending on the carrier international
charged me 29.90 shipping for 9 dolls i had in my pile of loot .
gorgeous ca n't wait to cycle around the island next summer
i 'm same age and live with my mum .
house shares where i live seem a bit dodgy also i 'm autistic so i know living with strangers will probably not work .
i hold down a job university friends and i have flings .
i pay for my own food but buy my own toiletries and pay rent and part of the utilities .
ngl despite the above i do get talked to like i 'm a child but i guess to her i always will be .
100 i had a coworker who was a member and he unwittingly revealed how racist they were during the blm protests and then further told us about how racist the organization is without realizing he was telling on himself/themselves .
just went out to take another look and i 'm sure it 's not my oil pan it 's a lot further back from where the dripping is and the black pipe seems to be my sway bar so i 'm thinking it 's just some oil that is that was on the frame .
but i 'll have to check again in the morning to be sure
i answered this already but neither one of us was .
chil boys i 'm yet to receive my first invite i 'm sure it 's better for everyone else
uh i have no idea who those people are but if they are pedophiles then absolutely they should be removed .
do not defend pedophilia by saying well it should be consistent
see it 's weird because you claim to be against conspiracies but will make them up on the spot if they support your stance .
a conspiracy is merely an assumption that got out of hand .
it 'd be like if i assumed you voted for joe biden .
and even if you did it doesnt mean you worship him .
so to call you a biden worshipper would be a conspiracy i made up .
it is dead very depressing how little atmosphere there is for a 1.8m people city
this last minute going full basketball on how long it 's taking
run dlss if you just want more out of what you have .
we have pigeons and magpies come into the patio and shit everywhere
vegas does n't care about the actual sports going on .
my guess is that partly because of sheer number of fans and alumni texas was initially getting more bets .
i hate when we win with even one play in question it 's always the same excuses when we beat someone regardless of the outcome of one play .
i love a good clean game if we wanted to cheat i 'm sure we could be up by much more by now .
best thing to do is highlight the one you want to rename drag your mouse down and then all the way left to options or whatever it says in the corner .
wagner loves sledgehammers saw them slowly killing the syrian man back 1n ... 2016 ?
but the fees on the normal kraken app are higher than on the pro one right ?
3rd is boku no hero academia,4th is suken rock 5th tokyo ghoul 6th naruto
please remember our golden rule thou shalt not vote or comment in linked threads or comments and in linked threads or comments thou shalt not vote or comment .
it 's bad form and the admins will suspend your account if they catch you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/topmindsofreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
like i always say to the neutrals legit texas fans do n't claim that bullshit and hate when these fair weather fans say that shit .
she said adoption was human trafficking '' infront of my husband who has an adopted family member .
she 's going into social work and wants to primarily focus on mothers .
she said all women who put their babies up for adoption are forced to '' .
and while that may be true for some it 's certainly not all .
i explained the situation about my husband 's adopted family member but she just interrupted and said they were trafficked they were adopted by human traffickers '' .
we have n't really recovered the things she said were super shitty and disrespectful to my husband 's family .
another thing i think is dumb about linked gates is after finishing the set i get like 20k dimension points ... but it does n't seem to roll over into the next level and makes me start at 600 points again ... unless i 'm doing something wrong ... lol 😓
the real question is what are the additional charges because i guarantee there are some .
it is a 2ct how fucked are we in fixing that or even with finding that part to pennsylvania
at least the game held up to all of its glorious promise
all love but come on bro the answer is on the paper packaging right on your picture .
nah they figured out they could n't eat them and dropped some of them on the roof .
after a hot summer they melted onto the tin and turned into snek puddles .
he started nailing them to the trees after that .
peter stevens always sells bikes with aftermarket exhaust to learners .
if you ride like an idiot police will ping you for it 's especially highway patrol .
maybe see if the dealer will front the cost of a used stock exhaust .
what mode of 4x4 are you trying to engage ?
i never implied the artist would be the person who developed the ai to begin with .
the ai itself is the artist as it is the amalgamation of whatever resources it is trained on and is essentially commissioned by a person to create works of art for them .
the individual using the ai is no more an artist than a person requesting a more upbeat song from a busker or a company commissioning an ad agency to develop content for their brand .
when the tool is the entire artistic process and the individual using the tool does virtually nothing artistic at all to prompt the generation of the art then the tool is the artist .
artists inherently need to meet certain criteria by definition in order to be artists in the technical and classical sense and in most instance in such ai is employed for art virtually none of those criteria are met by the person using their token to generate a piece .
a hammer and a nail gun still require a skilled hand to be effective .
a more fair comparison is the difference between using a hammer or a nail gun and hiring a skilled laborer to use a hammer or a nail gun .
as per your last paragraph what if as is done in countless instances one were to train the ai on a specific piece or series of pieces by a specific artist then ask it to recreate scenes in a facsimile of their style .
in instances where people do this and claim credit for the art or worse yet profit off of the skills the actual artist developed and the ai emulated that is orders of magnitude less artistically ethical than using actual artistic skill to draw or paint from a reference image something almost all artists already do and have done since the advent of the art form .
the guy inside the slapping dummy is dressed as mario
in the hagia sophia a church in constantinople which was the literal capitol of greece https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/runic_inscriptions_in_hagia_sophia there is graffiti in runes that says halfdan wrote this . ''
they called the place grikkland and there 's about 30 runestones https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greece_runestones describing travels to greece .
i do n't get any part of it except why to not get excited by the sabres in october .
gop/republicans attacking the us capital to overturn a legitimate election and attacking democracy in general fascism in the real world .
5€ if you delay every report and send them to me before he sees them .
i 'm already paying you way more than he is .
you can share one raw photo here and chose your favourite editor to work on the others if you like it !
whiterobinho if by any chance you still wan na give some away .
if this is how it 's possible you 'll not get the wanted fuck ...
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/discordvideos/comments/ytvut7/no_way 32 32
another day and we are still top of the league incredible
stop pointing to nebulous bullshit groups that clearly do n't exist .
engage with what 's actually being said instead of pointing to some other lie you ca n't back up at all .
only problem with it would be if you land on the same servers .
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not saying it 's not but you never know with oda .
laffittes first appearance is right before skypeia arc too so it 's not super early either we 've also seen a few other characters with wings that are n't race related monet tenguyama hitetsu i 've not seen the new movie yet but uta has wings too .
yeah the most logical theory would be he has some sort of bird or angel fruit but it could be a complete twist .
if so i 'd lean more to bird than angel maybe albatross with how big the wings do look .
to all future people looking for the best answer this is it
yan şehirde üniversite okuyor her haftasonu geliyordu dedim yüzyüze vedayı hak ediyorum bence gelmedi
christmas is n't needed to keep the plot of die hard going either .
the film has absolutely nothing to do with christmas .
if you replaced the christmas party with grand opening of nakatomi towers '' the film is exactly the same .
ca n't comment on the last one despite having a great boss ca n't afford a house lmao
try the vintage repro brands like unique vintage modcloth chelsea crew etc
loot boxes did n't make them a lot of money and a lot of places have banned them .
you 've already got a retinol in your routine and that 's great .
the guy who said it was trying to make himself feel better because he probably is incredibly insecure .
r/onlyfansfootlovers is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansfootlovers if you have any questions or concerns .
nawala na rin sa maya ko yung mission pero completed ko naman .
i would literally do anything for that to happen !
are we working together on a matter and are we part of different teams and departments then we still do write emails in order to give and receive formal instructions and keep record of the work .
or do you mean just general communication like quick advice from a colleague or handling matters with people on the same team as you because then we just go over to them or talk over the phone .
small business owners especially people with one-person businesses like tradespeople and freelancers watch their money very very closely these days the pandemic still is n't over and is still affecting the economy and the markets and now inflation is tearing up the amount of money you take home for a nice double-tap of daily anxiety .
whoops i have so much more money than i thought ! ''
sunt drumuri forestiere da dar apoi intri și pe poteci înguste .
bro if she already told you she likes you this is a no brainer .
if you 've heard it being called as such and you think this is akin '' to it that is enough for me to write what i have already written .
yes i wish that a breed that we have made should be neutered to extinction .
they are n't all this way '' is n't an excuse here .
we are not killing them we just do n't want more of them ffs .
i kind of see them feeling bad for shinji but
r/socialism is a space for socialists to discuss current events in our world from our anti-capitalist perspective s and a certain knowledge of socialism is expected from participants .
please be mindful of our rules https reddit.com/r/socialism/about/rules before participating which include
no sectarianism there is plenty of room for discussion but not for baseless attacks .
please help us keep the subreddit helpful by reporting content that break r/socialism 's rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialism if you have any questions or concerns .
i maxed him out thinking i will be able to swap between him and kraytos !
in my case when i had to deal with very sensitive glands i just wore loose underwear and had to take the pain head on .
i let out some quiet screams whenever i move around because of how uncomfortable it was but very crucial as its probably the only option i know to succumb the pain discomfort .
after a couple days i started to see some results of less and less pain .
in your case do what i did and see where it gets you .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/r4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/r4r is not a discussion forum except for metas .
here 's a convenient link for mobile users pm u/zazu_26 .
for more information see just pm them they know .
this action does not hide this post or affect its visibility or ranking in any way it is simply to prevent comments which are not appropriate .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
ops who wish to enable comments and accept low-effort responses may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
today i had to buy a replacement for my 9 year old windows 7 laptop .
it 's going to be windows 11 and i 'm not ready for the change .
i 'm technology inept anyway and any knowledge i do have is 10 years out of date .
i 'm also overly sentimental so this is going to be hard .
one of those images which you can actually feel .
but also are n't managers less likely to abandon their teams the first 3 weeks of a season hence making them just as difficult of a team as any others ?
it 's a case by case basis but for movement chains it 's pretty much a requirement .
for example you can superglide into a fatigue bounce mantle and then superglide again off of that ledge .
basically it just frees up your movement potential more .
fatigue jumps aside though superglides 100 are impacted by your slide cooldown and being aware of when you have that cooldown is important for using a lot of tech
the middle one basically tied with nazi germany for being the singularly worst regime to ever disgrace the face of this planet the only reason imperial japan was n't outright worse than the nazis was that the nazis industrialized mass murder and the japanese empire generally left it to their subordinates .
which country are you frommmm and what all did they askkkk ?
ok but not because you told me to but because i want to accurately embarrass both quadrants .
losing more money because you 've already lost some is madness .
by all means purchase more cro but do it because you believe its got a bright future rather than because you 're already down 10 's of k
he got about 10 minutes extra over tierney last week having not played any football all season and before the league cup .
we also do n't know whether tierney was one of the players affected by illness yesterday or who was affected .
let 's not make a big drama for no real reason .
the easiest and safest thing to do is realize your father is just like a rabid dog .
while you love him being in his presence can kill you .
it seems like your safety is less important than his feelings .
you 're getting a lot of good advice on the mechanics here .
a lot of advice is based on minimums to be safer go for the higher end .
so 12 ach for air filters p100 elastomeric 3m secure click has a speaking diaphragm or even a papr which may be available as a rental .
you can not be unmasked in the same room/airspace with anyone else even with air filters .
if you have to perhaps wall off your area with the sort of plastic wall system you can get at home depot .
3 f 's and a d gets you a 0.25 gpa for the semester or so i heard from uh ... a friend '' in college .
if you read bill coopers book and listen to his series mystery babylon '' he goes in depth from the dawn of man to the third reich to at that time early 2000s late 90s ... and in almost every aspect lucifier comes up in some form or another .
if you want my own personal opinion i believe they serve lucifier .
i believe that man is n't inherently evil but has been breed to hate one another ... whether you believe in god or not we 're created in his image .
if you dont find exploring and figuring things out for yourself worthwhile dont do it ?
you kind of have to go off the beaten path to do useless '' annihlations or go to the cc menu .
the game 's main terminal is designed to show you everything thats immediately important .
also there is an information button in the top bar of most pages .
also there is a mega thread to ask questions on if you are worried about missing something .
if the annihilation was named night champion show '' chernobog '' lungmen outskirts '' or lungmen downtown '' you didnt waste sanity cause you get refunded based on the number of kills and got orundum gacha currency for the sanity not refunded .
if the annihilation was named anything else either you didnt get enough kills to have your sanity not be refunded or you reached a kill checkpoint and can claim your checkpoint reward by hitting the progress '' button when looking at the annihilation
as for foothill of hui chi thats an old cc map in training mode cc being mid-late game content that takes no sanity to attempt so anyone can throw their head against the wall to test themselves without cost .
was mich vor allem an der sache stört ist dass viele die gegen eine relevante greedflation argumentieren behaupten die greedflation erfordere eine verschwörung der unternehmen .
dadurch lassen sich die anderen natürlich wunderbar als verschwörungstheoretiker brandmarken .
wenn ein unternehmen mit einer relevanten marktmacht den preis erhöht dann werden sich andere die ihn noch nicht erhöht haben daran orientieren .
die empörung trifft vor allem die konkurrenz die den anfang gemacht hat ab dem zweiten oder dritten unternehmen das nachzieht wird aus dem skandal eine statistik was das interesse daran erheblich senkt .
es sei denn natürlich ein unternehmen weicht deutlich von den anderen ab .
erhöht das eine unternehmen die preise um 40 obwohl 30 reichen würden um die mehrkosten zu sparen werden die anderen etwas ähnliches tun .
alles andere wäre auch ein wettbewerbsnachteil was in einem umkämpften geschäftsfeld gravierend ist .
natürlich würde das auch eine gelegenheit eröffnen sich preislich unter der konkurrenz anzusiedeln damit sich das lohnt muss das recht träge kaufverhalten sich jedoch unmittelbar anpassen .
unternehmen haben die aufgabe profit zu machen und werden das tun was am meisten davon bringt .
moral wird beachtet wenn diese relevant für den käufer ist .
ausnahmen mag es geben die werden jedoch durch die art und weise wie der markt funktioniert ins abseits gedrängt in nischen mag es teilweise anders sein .
ohne herausragende alleinstellungsmerkmale werden unternehmen so agieren wie andere in ihrer branche .
und solche alleinstellungsmerkmale gibt es bei alltäglichen konsumgüter quasi nicht .
die frage ist also eigentlich weniger wie unternehmen handeln sondern wie der kunde reagiert .
und bei besser aufgearbeiteten themen wie versteckten preiserhöhungen zeigt sich dass das nicht so konsequent ist wie nötig um so etwas unprofitabel zu machen .
das spricht aus meiner sicht eher für die existenz einer relevanten greedflation .
dazu kommt dass hinter den vielen produkte die im supermarkt angeboten werden relativ wenige marken stehen nestlé ist wohl das klassische beispiel .
wenn nestlé die preise mehrer produkte erhöht dann scheint es als ob unabhängige unternehmen ähnlich handeln obwohl es eigentlich nur einer ist der entsprechend handelt .
und bei der marktmacht von nestlé schreiben die preise von nestlé die preise von ganzen branchen vor .
auch hierfür braucht es keine verschwörung sondern schlicht business as usual .
my wife and i only have one sum of money .
we got married when we were young and completely broke though .
i 'm working out glutes and hamstring even though this is my second consecutive day working out my legs
i am a fairly new dsp and lulcow enthusiast .
i 've been watching videos chronologically since the beginning of the dsp twitch saga .
i watched the drama that unfolded between phil and swagginz over sekiro and him publicly disavowing phil after the fallout .
i see that he is back to modding for phil on youtube now on the current livestreams .
at what point did he come crawling back to beg for forgiveness from papa pigroach to be reinstated as his obedient lackey ?
does phil have dirt on his mods that he uses to blackmail or possibly dox them with once they want out of the cult and start publicly speaking out against him ?
or do they just have some weird s m fetish going on with phil ?
first of these atreus sections feel lile ellie flashbacks in the laou2 which were also the worst but ironwood is on another level ive had to stop playing twice now with how boring this section is constant forced walking 90 of ironwood is a literal fetch quest while im forced to listen to cringe inducing dialogue between 2 socially awkward teens that serve no purpose atreus ' very limited combat does not do well against mini bosses and later game enemies like the bergsa mother and the wulver .
angrboda abillities barely do anything to help combat despie how constantly im using her .
when the section is literally supposed to end after she gives you the item you just keep following her down a sinkhole so she can get ... ..paint easier instead of waking atreus up and returning to what we all would rather be doing playing as kratos .
after the sinkhole she says we 'll take a different route and says its a shortcut back again imstead of returning us to sindris home we keep going and somehow that shortcut takes us through her unstable grandmothers house ? ? ? ? ?
find the top coworking space for rent in basavanagudi https clayworks.space/property/basavanagudi/clayworks-southend .
i need to figure out the hs can bus messages for air conditioning on '' and mil/check engine light '' .
seeing if anyone who is reasonably techy can send me a canbus log or several of them turning on the ac or with a check engine light on .
alternatively if someone in se michigan or ne ohio would be willing to meet public place police station/etc and let me run a log gas in exchange .
background im swapping a 2.0 ecoboost into a different chassis using a 2016 st ecu and have created a can bus convertor but i dont know the ids/messages for ac or cel and havent been able to find them online .
my current game i at one point had both a kitten named fred and my starting dog idefix .
alas fred took a cleaver to the face after standing too close to a dwarf i was swinging at thanks 3.6.1 !
i then got myself crowned and idefix soon encountered the bad side of stormbringer 's bloodthirsty nature .
did n't quite die but i abandoned him shortly thereafter lest i kill him for good .
guess i just was n't meant to have pets .
manual caulking guns are essential for applying sealing or bonding agents .
it is supplied in 380ml cartridges which can be used in a standard caulking gun .
do memories that reduce armor actually take armor away for subsequent hits or is it just a reduction in armor for that hit calculation ?
meaning if i do an attack with a 100 memory attached and end turn does that have any impact on the next attack with different character or is it just for that one attack with specific skill and character .
i 've stumbled upon an fm2n with 50mm f2 lens not ai for 145 .
stated that it 's all working tested light meter good as well and even the eyepiece rubber still there .
i also wan na know what if the eyepiece part deteriorates ?
is there an easy replacement or 3d printed ones ?
i want to know the spec of that since i 'm a glasses wearer and do n't want to be scratching my glasses like when i used leica m t___t really scratched off lots of coatings
there are a handful of differences but i feel like i might be missing something .
is it from the change to leather across all 3 rows ?
we currently have a 2023 hrv exl and due to an issue we are trading up to their crv model .
my question is how are the headlights on the crv ?
with our hrv we have people constantly flashing their high beams at us unless we are only running dlrs .
confirmed high beams are not on it 's just the way the lights are i guess .
and no way i could see to adjust from my garage .
we run it on auto mode mostly and in northern canada it 's very dark very early these days .
5 or 6 pm and it 's pitch black out .
lots of drivers on the road i probably get flashed about 10x a day .
i flash back in some instances to show them it 's not high beams but it 's getting ridiculous .
please tell me it 's better with the crv .
i 'm not really a banker but the way i understand it both fom of investments work similarily .
investment funds like jp morgan blackrock offer shares in owning gold silver for people that do n't want to bother with buying real precious metal bars and most of people obviously do n't want to bother .
however it 's getting quite apparent their shares are n't 100 backed by gold silver https tavex.fi/en/the-paper-silver-market-is-250-times-the-size-of-the-physical-silver-market .
and most financial advisors suggest investing in real metal bars if it 's possible .
i have even heard about incidents of paper silver gold crushing even tho prices of real metals were relatively stable .
and yet nobody or nobody important is interested in restricting those forms of investments they 're only interested if it 's crypto .
ok well r/wallstreetbets wanted to stick it to the man '' ergo investments funds 2 years ago when they were calling for investing in silver aside of investing in heavily shorted companies like gamestop but that 's it .
and please do n't bring up recent ftx crash i 'm not really up to date with what happened then but it 's not the first time people are calling for regulations of stablecoins either .
btw sorry for my english not a native speaker .
i 've been dreaming of my childhood home consistently for years but it 's never something nice or comforting .
most of the time i 'm protecting my house in some way some nights i 'm making sure my dogs are n't attacked by other animals other nights i 'm protecting the house from burglary .
i 'm always trying to lock the doors and double check that they are locked but sometimes i ca n't make it happen .
i feel like i had a good childhood but my parents did get divorced when i was 18 after i moved out .
i 'm just curious for anyones analysis because i ca n't find any analysis about protecting one 's childhood home .
opinions on if the wilfred duvet or the babaton duvet puffer better ?
does anybody have fit pics of the baboon duvet puffer mid vs long length ?
lastly i am 5'5 and 110 pounds what size would you recommend .
i know i 'm going to be in the minority but the beth is the biggest badass you will ever meet '' trope is getting old .
i hate jamie but i 'm so tired of beth putting him into place for the 20th time in this series .
i wish just once he would stand up to her despite his horrid past .
as soon as that dude walked into the bar with beth there i thought oh here comes a beth teardown just to make the beth fans happy '' and sure enough it was perfectly on point .
to me it 's just lazy writing giving the fans what they want .
break the mold get deeper with beth that 's just my opinion .
like can i go bowling or play pool go to the movies or strip club or something like that ?
the quests are fun but kind want to go off the beaten path and just mess around .
i 've been crafting all my ammo as needed mainly for my assault rifle .
overall my impressions after about 10 hours are the game is quite fun but the ui and map are kinda trash .
right as i was saying yesterday that i probably would n't see myself talking to older men in person and the next day i feel a couple of them staring at me hehe
we went to a new grocery store to see the difference in price compared to our regular one we were walking by the vegetable area and i instantly felt two workers maybe in their 20 's looking at me then at each other then back at me again .
we walked past but i felt them walking around us and i was like interesting ...
i was with my family but nothing happened there anyway .
then i move our cart by the meat section while mom orders stuff and i notice a man looked late 30 's or early 40 's staring at me but then when i look back at him he looks away .
i do n't think anything of it and look on my phone changing songs .
i look up and notice a section of food already made which i thought was nice bc it could be for future instances when i see that man looking at me again but keeping the eye contact though he broke it after a few seconds .
wonder what he was thinking about though ... because i think his wife was next to him👀
i did end up going to the section of already made food and this guy my age maybe younger was looking at me and was not hiding it i went to get something i was craving in an isle next to where i was and as i was walking back that dude was looking at me the entire time but did n't do anything afterwards ? ? ?
kinda wish any of those men would have said something to me or to fulfill my fantasy of getting groped in public .
hope someday to get my tits groped by an older man
i 'm doing an install and i 'm in a pickle .
i routed the 1st 16 channels to the s16 .
the output buses are n't responding and i ca n't mute any of the inputs .
i have no control of the input signal in the board .
i do n't know if it helps but i 'm attaching my scene to see if anyone can help me .
i think that somehow the s16 is routed pre mute but i have no idea how to reroute it .
does anybody in the sub have a contact number of the pcmc akurdi hospital ?
pcmc website and google shows the wrong number it does n't go through at all .
and i 've called up the pcmc number they did not have a number to share
i have no idea what made me think of this today but growing up in se idaho the was supposedly a blessing or prophecy that a q12 made over that area probably in the late 80s early 90s .
i remember hearing about it as a youth and the jist of it was that if the parents remained faithful none of their kids would ever permanently fall away '' .
if they did leave it would only be temporarily before they would come back .
i 'm not even sure if it was legit or just a rumor but can anyone provide additional details ?
i 've been wanting to ask this for a while but was n't sure where to put it .
i thought of r/askreddit but it 's not exactly a thought provoking '' question .
if there 's a better sub for this i 'm open to suggestions .
i 've noticed lots of these over the years .
in friends they would just slightly alter product packaging such as cheez-its becoming heez-i 's '' .
i think my favorite has to be five krazy '' instead of four loko from law and order svu .
ncis gets the honorable mention for the cigarette brands triboroughs '' and llamas '' .
mint condition mesa tactical urbino stock with adjustable cheek riser and standard butt pad .
removed off of a brand new beretta 1301 tactical gen 2 enhanced never used .
hi we are in the thinking stage of whether our 8th grader can go with a class trip to japan for 2 weeks next year .
he would be 14 years old and a type 1 diabetic insulin dependent for 7 years .
but he 's never traveled without us other than going to diabetes camps .
so this is a broad question wondering if any adult type 1 's or parents of t1ds have had experience with travel to japan .
issues like access to insulin emergency medical services carb counts on packaged food etc .
we 'd really like to make this work if we can .
edit just a huge blanket thank you to this group for very good useful and supportive comments .
reddit can sometimes be ... .a little rough around the edges ... ..you all have been great !
i just got offered a position at skywest for flight attendant training !
right now i 'm looking for tips tricks advice and suggestions on things i need to bring to be ready .
i 'm also curious as to when i will get my entrance exam study packet i know it said 10 days prior and when i will get word on anything else i will need from them .
thank you i 'm advanced and i 'm super excited for this journey !
mp40 to normal mode and falcks voice to be way less annoying
what are your 2 main requests other than the obvious ?
here is the viator black friday 2022 https bit.ly/3nznpzr .
by using the black friday 2022 promo coupon codes or discount deals from this website you can save money on your next purchase .
today like usual i 'm thinking maybe we 'll try would you rather '' where you send 2 pics and i say which i 'd rather do and why
please start easy and we can work into it maybe would you rather send a picture wearing a or b '' at first with some outfits/lingerie/bikinis and then as we get into it we can work a little more to risque and if you can work in some sort of small scenario like which would you rather send to a guy friend ? ''
or which would you rather wear to a pool party with friends ? ''
that 'd be greatly appreciated makes it easier for me to choose p
also i do n't really look at my ims so orange envelopes messages are the best way to contact me
as the title says i 'm planning on asking for a higher wage than 15k .
reason being i studied 4 years and i ca n't accept having minimum just because i lack experience '' it saddens me that i even need to ask for an increase .
also i have seen so many posts and comments than 15k was the minimum wage way back late 2000 's back then it was reasonable but now ?
15k is not enough and not justifiable to be the minimum wage anymore .
i apologize if i seem arrogant but i do n't mean to be it 's just we do n't deserve this we do n't deserve the accepted minimum age from morethan a decade ago .
request for a higher wage even though it 's going to be my very first job ?
i have a 55 inch c1 which is a good tv for watching already 4k stuff but for upscaling it 's not great and the majority of my watching is 1080p live sports .
also brightness would be a nice upgrade if possible .
the a80j from what i 've read has brilliant upscaling with sony processor slightly better hdr highlights and it would cost me €1189 for 55 .
the s95b i 've heard conflicting reports on the upscaling from it 's almost as good as sony to it 's nowhere near it also burn in seems to be a major issue with that tv .
that 's gon na cost me €1499 in 55 .
the processor is supposedly improved but i 'd love to find out if it is .
the brightness is a huge improvement and it also has a 5 year warranty .
so i f20 have been super into squishmallows for the past three years and it 's starting to dwindle down .
by starting i mean that i 'm selling a bulk of my collection because i just do n't want them in my space anymore .
i do n't have a backup hyperfocus and i 'm starting to fall into a depression without the dopamine rush .
i 'm not sure what to do about this and it 's driving me crazy .
is there a way to set reaeq to only adjust parameters entered into the text box after pressing enter ?
currently if i try to input for example 2500hz as soon as i start typing the frequency band will immediately jump to 2 then 25 then 250 then finally 2500 .
this behavior can be very unwanted especially if for example some gain boost is already dialed in on the band .
most other eq plugs off the top of my head wait for user confirmation before shifting the parameter am i missing a setting that would allow me to complete the desired entry and then press enter before any change occurs in the processing ?
habe mal folge 3 der aktuellen staffel und folge 3 der ersten staffel verglichen und mir ist aufgefallen dass es aktuell langsamer '' abläuft vom fortschritt wahrscheinlich dann doch den unterschiedlichen skill leveln geschuldet .
der unterhaltungswert ist dafür größer aufgrund der teilnehmer an sich .
in schweden hatten alle bereits ein shelter gebaut und die meisten auch feuer angemacht .
klar ist es auch den äußeren bedingungen geschuldet es war kalt und regnerisch .
da hat ein trockener und warmer schlafplatz eine höhere priorität .
dennoch macht es den eindruck dass sich viele der panama teilnehmer zunächst nur um kokosnüsse kümmern und die gegend erkunden was sie auch in den nächsten tagen hätten machen können .
die nacht wird schnell anbrechen und bis jetzt gibt es nur shelter ansätze ohne dach .
persönlich gefällt mir der bau content am liebsten da würde ich mir in den nächsten folgen gerne noch mehr von wünschen .
bin sehr gespannt auf die erste nacht und wie jeder mit seinem set up durchkommt besonders bei fritz der ja noch gar nichts hat
one of the most significant difference between mainstream islam and ahmadiyya sect is their conceptualization of kham-e-nabuat .
except that repeatedly mga agreed with mainstream islam '' on the issue and the conceptualization of khatm-e-nubuwwat '' by the ahmadiyya sect is actually a concoction by km2 imposed by him onto the ahmadiyya sect .
i recommend you spend a little bit of time actually reading mga 's books .
i love the snowball fight with grease at the end .
'porn image ' post flairs are not for pictures of yourself .
solo pictures of yourself are only allowed on mondays and fridays .
if this is a picture of yourself you will be banned for violating this rule .
if this post is incorrectly flaired all users are encouraged to use the report button to flag this post for our moderators to remove it .
check out our rules m.reddit.com/r/straightturnedgay/about/rules and our 'healthy sexuality ' https www.reddit.com/r/straightturnedgay/comments/j5090t/find_healthy_sexuality_avoid_a_toxic_life post for info/resources .
protip you can sort different types of content by clicking the post flairs attached to our posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/straightturnedgay if you have any questions or concerns .
any modern pioneer product unlocks rekordbox performance mode as soon as you plug it in no purchase or software key necessary
the emoticon and loafing screen was yesterday today was just the back bling and spray .
yeah if i was an everton fan i 'd say the same .
toffees fans probably hate everton more than liverpool do .
i was making a ginger joke lol but that 's cool man
the first year they got rid of the devil they went to the world series .
does anyone else feel like lori leland who sells the tracfone on hsn seems like a giant snob or am i just being an a-hole ?
i root for nfc north teams if we do n't make the playoffs .
what are the symptoms that make you suspect you are experiencing hacking on your home internet besides your email ?
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfpix if you have any questions or concerns .
as c. jung says from dreams we get symbols .
im pointing with my finger so dont look at finger look where it is pointing to .
ung sa sex video ni hayden sa totoo lang parang okay na ma video dun ?
your post was removed because you do not have enough karma to post here .
go spend a day leaving legit/organic comments on subreddits like r/askreddit or r/popular .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/swingersgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
who has even 279 to blow on something you can replace with your hands ?
kitchenaids remind me of instant hot water taps where the overall cost outweighs the benefit of convenience .
and the difference in effort is too small to justify .
but if you 're on a budget like me do n't bother .
also i ca n't download firefox reality on quest apparently .
have you had the issues i 've described or been able to fix them ?
o caralho tem que ser a última opição o vitão fez um time razoavelmente atacante algo que faz anos que não é visto no corinthians sempre foi time retranqueiro que sofria pra ganhar de goiás no contra-ataque o vittorio pé pera fez o time jogar fora do próprio campo trazer o corolla é querer voltar atrás em todo o processo de evolução que fez o time ser melhor e competir com times superiores
do n't listen to him wp saw my mans dressed as a kitsune in a 7/11 bathroom the other day he just does n't want to admit yet .
so only 44 ppl a day ate at the twitter hq ?
is there a specific sub page for this influencer ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sisterwives if you have any questions or concerns .
just bring back the iverson era jerseys with the basketball swoosh .
i can size a couple hundred at least in an hour .
08/09 if both him and gerrard could stay fit 100 we won .
that was a scary as hell attack with that 4411
i 'm gon na do a random number generator if we win .
be neat if you could add or remove stars on that display .
i was n't watching for basically their entire careers and yeah even i still knew who sasha was .
purely in terms of mainstream non-wrestling fan popularity sasha is ahead of the others by a lot imo .
the man 's vocal tone is the absolute essence of fly '' .
use it in the courtyard before the guards find it !
the rest of the entire series i kept waiting for that damn russian to show up again !
also that did not look like the pine barrens .
source i grew up in south jersey spent misspent youth in the pines
it is for those who can and that 's why people wont agree on that yeah unfortunately split onto two sides .
but in the end of the day newer more polished more beautiful things etc can attract new people even if you loose some in the process of change and that 's why things like that happen eventually no matter what .
i used to use one out of jeff smiths frugal gourmet cookboook .
john 14:15 if you love me keep my commands .
16 and i will ask the father and he will give you another advocate to help you and be with you forever— 17 the spirit of truth .
the world can not accept him because it neither sees him nor knows him .
but you know him for he lives with you and will be in you .
18 i will not leave you as orphans i will come to you .
19 before long the world will not see me anymore but you will see me .
20 on that day you will realize that i am in my father and you are in me and i am in you .
21 whoever has my commands and keeps them is the one who loves me .
the one who loves me will be loved by my father and i too will love them and show myself to them.
22 then judas not judas iscariot said but lord why do you intend to show yourself to us and not to the world ?
23 jesus replied anyone who loves me will obey my teaching .
my father will love them and we will come to them and make our home with them .
24 anyone who does not love me will not obey my teaching .
these words you hear are not my own they belong to the father who sent me .
apparently you can get salvation without loving jesus and without having the holy spirit .
also if all i have to do is believe in him this part makes no sense .
1 john 3:21 dear friends if our hearts do not condemn us we have confidence before god 22 and receive from him anything we ask because we keep his commands and do what pleases him .
23 and this is his command to believe in the name of his son jesus christ and to love one another as he commanded us .
24 the one who keeps god 's commands lives in him and he in them .
and this is how we know that he lives in us we know it by the spirit he gave us .
i ai n't here to say rodgers has been good this season .
but it 's been a shit show around him too .
then again ... this is exactly the kind of callous work-first attitude that gets people promoted into management at shitty companies .
do you mean the injuries take years to recover from because i have questions for anyone who needs years to heal a broken bone
thx for the advice it helped with the damage i was doing between 60m-90m now its 74m-95m maybe if i get lucky could hit 100m
that and it alters the flavor profile of the cocktail .
i ca n't imagine many of the cocktails made on the show benefitting from a good squirt of chocolate syrup .
still not going to touch dota 2 in my life with a ten foot pole though .
this has nothing to do with the support arm and everything to do with interference from electronics that are positioned too close to the microphone .
move the microphone and any other related components away from other electronics and the noise will disappear .
for instance if you put your audio interface on top of your pc case or directly next to it move it away .
the noise flares up any time i search something on my pc
look at your cables as well an unshielded xlr can leave you more susceptible to emi .
generally speaking unshielded are only suitable sometimes for speaker cable runs and not recommended for microphones outside of a studio setup .
everything we do n't know i want him to squeal about everything .
it 's not that i think it 'll put us in a great place .
but i do believe we need to know everything so we can rebuild a government that we can trust .
we need young people and people we can trust .
we need people in office who have dealt with the problems young people face .
is all unattainable without a leg up from family .
we need people affected by it in office because people who have been in office for 40-50 years do not give a shit about fixing the system .
i became an adult the year a once in a lifetime recession hit and the housing market crashed was told to go to school there are no careers houses are over 350k another once in a lifetime recession inflation only increasing .
you know who 's not going to fix it ?
somebody who benefits from entire generations of americans who struggle .
do something useful for a fucking change because we need a hard reset .
but these pics op posted ... jlh looks a little less and blake looks sooo much more .
they have someone supervising your visits so they can make sure you are n't coaching your own child yet they do not worry about what is said or done on their end .
mine had my daughter calling the foster person mom '' months before the tpr .
then reprimanded us if we corrected her in any way .
she was three years old and i was n't allowed to say that i was mommy too and that everyone loved her .
it was a heartbreak i 've had since and never will heal from .
the sales rep said that they only had one display piece of each color in store at any given time .
the only thing i do n't like about the violet version is the pokemon professor .
a lot of people here are very quick to assume what they think you 're saying is what you 're actually saying .
and even people in comments can be very quick to emotionally comment/downvote people .
what 's the law for you over there on self defense ?
i love his body he 's got a real body .
not necessarily some have parks and dog parks planned into the community .
actually working in the construction and architecture industry i feel like most do these days .
it is certainly too large for humans to find aliens given our current knowledge of physics .
however given we have no idea what future physics discoveries will reveal about the nature of the universe it may not be too large for aliens to find humans .
a civilisation with 100,000 years more physics knowledge than us may have discovered some shortcuts for travelling or scanning the universe wormholes alcubierre drives extra dimensions hacking the simulation 's bytecode etc .
twin gods of man by xrocketman52x is kind of a fantasy take on that concept .
i have been shutting down my device several times a day and unplugging my internet .
it 's def better when i am not at home .
he can ask for a new job without people judging him .
how does it even matter that people are poor ?
yes a lot of people are dying because of hunger poverty abuse war crimes etc etc .
does that mean some guy in the us should stop living his life .
you used the item 'three-handed sword ' and did 16 extra almighty damage .
there are no f2 to rename file use enter '' key
i 'm not sure your age so i 'm not trying to sound patronizing but as the one who did n't finish school i 'm rooting for you .
you do n't have to study all night but instead of putting it off go set a ten minute timer and either write flash cards or review the ones you have or whatever study method works for you .
sunday got obliterated by sitch adam is he still recovering from that ?
i 'm an extremely picky gamer i 've only finished a handful of single player games but ico and shadow of the colossus are two of them .
ico did n't age too well probably but i 've seen a version of shadow of the colossus on ps5 that i 'd instantly buy if it ever gets released on pc as i do n't have a ps5 .
specifically it will validate the power and propulsion requirements for maintaining its orbit as predicted by nasa 's models reducing logistical uncertainties .
it will also demonstrate the reliability of innovative spacecraft-to-spacecraft navigation solutions as well as communication capabilities with earth .
the nrho provides the advantage of an unobstructed view of earth in addition to coverage of the lunar south pole
this peer-to-peer information will be used to evaluate capstone 's autonomous navigation software .
if successful this software referred to as the cislunar autonomous positioning system caps will allow future spacecraft to determine their location without having to rely exclusively on tracking from earth .
all things considered the oracle is basically the ideal ai scenario for the foundation .
perfectly loyal shares their interests and never went rogue .
the oracle gave the o5s exactly what they wanted and made it clear what they were doing but they got upset anyway after they gave everyone brainchips and perception-filtered eyes .
government spending recesses or depresses an economy because idiot bureaucrats in governments can only create bubbles when people spend their own hard earned money they do it to increase their standard of living .
do you understand now people spend very meticulously only to make themselves better off .
why is it illegal for them to have killed those wolves
your post has been automatically removed because your account has less than 30 karma .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/firstdayontheinternet/comments/30b44n/could_someone_explain_how_the_reddit_karma_system/cprx7g1 to find out more about karma how it works and how you can acquire it .
award karma is not included in your karma count .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chiraqology if you have any questions or concerns .
the majority of the population do n't want to be childless they want to have a family just let them
he has a good amount of latin reviews including ondatropica silvana estrada meridian brothers lido pimienta and of course bad bunny .
i 'm not sure what you thinks makes latin music difficult to score for him .
latin music does n't exist in a vacuum it borrows influences and sounds from classical music in europe rhythms in africa and popular music from the united states .
these are all sounds an average music listener can easily analyze .
sure there is a language and cultural barrier but that can be navigated through quick research—which i 'm sure fantano does .
why do n't you come up with a cohesive argument so you do n't come off as an asshole ?
and i guess since we 're mentioning identity politics i 'm central american and a professional musician .
p.s what does natalia having to be rich have to do with anything lmao .
i know the meaning but it seems like a term use to guilt people rather than a proper thing .
if you are flirting and hinting to more i feel that 's on you sure but generally view it as a guilt tactic
i 'm a sex repulsed antisocial ace so as you might figure making friends is hard and i have some and i do n't think about having sex with them and if at any moment one of them told me i friendzoned them i simply respond you would need to be a friend for that. as if they expect me to sleep with them then they clearly were not a friend because i am sure it would come up .
sweet sh**snacks someone should just reply with a link to a viable oz-to-ml converter or refer her to google so she can stfu .
so apparently not using imperial measurements is super biased ... ok .
guess every country in the world with the exceptions of liberia burma and the us are nasty closed-minded bigots mates .
ok but can they honestly chill out with their pricing ?
there 's no need josh allen has just played rather poorly for 3 games in a row .
jerry should 've never pissed off goodell because we will be paying for it until one or both of them are dead
it seems like there just was n't enough time to cover everything they may have wanted to .
i think they really had to focus on what mattered which was the main 3 or 4 .
i feel like it 's possible that there may be more time jump episodes in the future because of how the episode ended but that may just be wishful thinking 😅
when i got out of high school i was socially isolated for several years mostly due to depression-based reasons .
when i came out of that and managed to get a job that did n't make me hate my life entirely i was around 24 .
i 'm now almost 30 and still work a retail job where most of my friends/coworkers are 16-19 .
we chat a lot both in and out of work but being over 10 years older than them i feel like i ca n't actually ask them to hang out because that 's weird .
i ca n't connect to people who are actually my age because they feel old though so i 'm not really sure what to do .
tldr i 've never been in a position where i could connect with people older than 19 and now at age 30 it 's starting to feel like a problem .
when i was a boy of 14 my father was so ignorant i could hardly stand to have the old man around .
but when i got to be 21 i was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years . ''
tbf i read a ton of ya fantasy sci fi—anywhere where the predominant genre is n't romance you 're unlikely to find this trope .
you can read a ton of classics ya na sci fi fantasy etc and never find this trope .
i read 100 books a year from 13-17 and never found it until i followed this sub and got dark romance and more obscure books like harrow faire where the main fantasy plotline is lacking but the romance is superior recommended to me .
units that are well balanced fun to play against and dont remove my ki last minute
interesting you say that since the amount of alcohol consumption going on during the count was noticeable during the telecast .
please remember to keep your request reasonable it should not take more an an hour to do/cost less than 10 .
if it 's complex or will take a lot of work consider commissioning someone and changing it to a paid request .
please also make sure your post does not violate our commercial work https www.reddit.com/r/drawforme/comments/dbjkqv/update_commercial_work_rule rule .
we manually approve all submissions and your post will be removed and very likely tempbanned if it violates this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drawforme if you have any questions or concerns .
socialism ideas so good they require military force to keep people from leaving
no amount of energy or resource or pollution reduction will overcome a population of 8 billion .
explain how the responses from the google search do n't answer your question .
do n't forget that calvin ridley also plays for them after this season .
i think a lot of its to do with the societal pressure dudes are put under in terms of relationships .
dudes are often expected to initiate relationships they do the asking out they do the paying they do everything .
obviously this is an exaggeration but a lot of people still act like guys should do this even if they dont explicitly believe it .
cause of this a lot of dudes feel the need to succeed in any romantic endeavour they try because if they dont they 're less of a man '' .
maybe their friends will pick on them what if the girl they asked out talks shit about them afterwards etc etc .
i agree though dudes should just grow up if a girl says no then thats it .
it shows that you 're putting in that extra effort to do the job and acknowledge us .
if you get 100 mobility you can chain quickfall and gambler 's dodge for 100 uptime which is fairly good survivability
yes the missiles fire automatically as you 're using the gun .
if you pay close attention you will see them curve out a lil from the actual bullet pattern because they 're tracking missiles .
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feet_nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
ya circle t for your use only is just basically an exclusive sought after thing .
every wednesday they release circle t putters on the site that day the same thing .
i think the idea kinda is that the design and quality/inspection is of that which they do for tour pros .
and liter arguably dolla too those 3 are just too strong together
my main goal with her is to avoid carbs that make her hungry
never with the same game in the physical format .
example this happens with hzd pkg but not with hzd the disk .
i 've sold so many of my friends on rothy 's i 've earned myself two free pairs 😂😂
muscle does n't atrophy in 2 weeks fat might come back slightly
but as some others has said do some pushups and squats n lunges w bodyweight take a walk .
leave your chick looks like she will end up leaving you unhappy whatever choice you make your young man enjoy your life travel !
because when there is blatant fraud it is noticeable and it is reported .
there are tons of go fund me fraud cases .
you on the other hand are basing your accusations on hear say .
no proof and on top of that they have n't even allocated the funds .
as long as the funds are used for what the campaign states they will be used for there is nothing wrong .
i was going to say for that pay you 're going to get a variation of the posting
a security officer that 's high and playing on their tech .
its hard to keep track of roles when theyre on channel 4 or something so if you had paid in the past youre definitly more than welcome .
feel free to shoot me a message and i can send the invite link to the channel
are you upset about the local temperature increase or that the installation of millions more wind turbines will affect the climate globally ?
the local effects of wind turbines have been studied in many published papers .
wind turbines increase the air flow 's turbulence which improve the mixing of various boundary layers and raise the temperature of the atmosphere .
studies have also shown that wind turbines greatly lower air speed which risies the air temperature .
in terms of fluid mechanics these papers are in line with the conservation laws .
wenn wir in europa nichts machen warum sollte china dann was machen die benutzen dann die gleiche argumentation wie du gerade .
in deutschland haben wir das technische know-how klimafreundliche techniken und methoden zu erforschen und so zu gestalten dass wir sie auf der ganzen erde auch benutzen können .
i dont know if ill even fit but id stretch your holes out no doubt 😈
i 've noticed that she does this most when her life is shittier than normal .
damn just have n't seen any quarters like this before thought there could have been some value to it😂
mods crack down on nazi and alt-right subs so hard i do n't even know of any but they do nothing about subs like r/genzedong
if i understand your meaning their are two problems using existing audio and photo editing software together
converting the audio to a image that can be opened in an image editor
but whenever i play a new game i spend at least 30 minutes going through every menu and accessability option before i start playing .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/i9z2ol40zuz91.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
the worst part is knowing the real person 's name showing my mom proof that he is a physician at a hospital in madrid and is in their staff photographs on the hospital 's official website and having my mom still believe the pack of lies this dude is feeding her and believing that he will pay her back what she has given .
it 's not just that it 's the blatant disregard for everyone in the family 's feelings and the presentation of cold hard fact being ignored .
i 've called the hospital in spain the real person works for and can not get in touch with a human who speaks english .
i really want there to be like a real reunion with all of them .
also it 's just wrong she was n't showing any major depressive or manic tendencies .
how am i supposed to be upset at the run defense when every dt is injured lmao .
most of that music performed by bands in their 20s is actually written by old farts often 50 in age .
so i can find a well maintained base to start with .
and to be fair nando 's is a fast food and b while being a rsa chain its portuguese bbq peri-peri chicken .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kuwtksnark if you have any questions or concerns .
select the component and on the right-hand menu you 'll see a section called variants .
is there something you would like to tell the jury ?
does the fruit stay good if you leave them on top ?
i will say my niece was born at the beginning of the pandemic .
so she did n't even get to go anywhere the first 6 plus months of her life .
and my brothers fam got in the habit of going to church virtually .
and they just had her baptized recently at 2 .
not typical but i can see how the circumstances the last couple of years might have delayed things .
just why there might be lots of older than usual kids .
i am definitely a lot of things but timid is n't one of them 😂
i also have one platform that may attract your interest .
six sigma sports is a platform that combines the best of defi innovation and cosmos scalability to create a user-driven sports betting marketplace.🔥🙌
male hormonal function requires adequate androgenic and estrogenic stimulation .
you can fulfill both of these requirements with dozens of different combinations of steroids not just by testosterone by itself .
testosterone is just special in that it can fulfill these requirements entirely by itself .
other hormones are capable of doing that in isolation namely trestolone dianabol and for some people nandrolone .
you do n't need testosterone you just need the functions that testosterone is capable of performing .
saying that you ca n't run dianabol without testosterone is just false .
i 'd say running dianabol on a blast without testosterone reduces estrogenic sides .
you know this actually is the only way a slice of pizza can be eaten .
when i decide to drive to the restaurant instead .
for some reason my dog is already there before i arrive waiting to eat my pizza .
when i lock my room door behind me turn around the pizza slice is gone .
i open the door and my dog was already chewing it .
god damn there was even once when i paid for a slice of pizza on an airplane mid flight .
it was gone before i could take my first bite .
then i looked at my phone 's lock screen photo of my dog and there is was the pizza i ordered and paid for on the plane in my dogs mouth in the picture
it 's probably possible if you spend a few years learning electrical engineering and a few more practicing it as a hobby .
in the mean time you might like this https youtu.be/zdhhzwneatg
gon na need to add mitchell to this as well somehow haha
gastonia is not that nice and it is not the queen city .
do n't end up like this woman https www.wbtv.com/2022/01/24/fla-woman-ventures-gastonia-nc-fooled-by-tiktok-video-making-it-look-like-switzerland ? outputtype=amp
it would be epic if they did this like in tdi as a reference !
oh i did n't mention i did that like a week ago cause i thought that might be the issue .
i 'm on workman 's comp cuz i got hurt at work last april .
thanks for your submission to r/pokemongo your post is up and running !
rule 3 no cheating suggesting cheating naming cheating tools and more .
please take a look at this rule here https www.reddit.com/r/pokemongo/wiki/rules wiki_rule_three.3a_piracy_and_cheating .
this is a place to have a healthy discussion with trainers from all over the world .
if you feel someone is misbehaving please use the report button or send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongo mods button and move on !
would you like to chat about the game participate in raids share catches make new friends and more ?
if a post and/or comment is violating the rules please make sure to use the report button or send a modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongo mods button .
while we are trying our best to help users help from the community is also necessary to maintain a healthy environment for everyone .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongo if you have any questions or concerns .
at some point is derwin going to play d line ?
being defanged and powerless is their choice in order to protect their own interests aka spineless and corrupt establishment politicians .
the only thing they do is suck up redirect and domesticate working class anger making it far harder for actual attempts at organizing the working class .
if they actually wanted to pass x good legislation they 'd be campaigned to oust those within the party who oppose them not going blue no matter who '' .
they 're not good people '' no matter how much lip service and cultural signaling they give their actions and inaction prove otherwise .
you 'd probably tell a soldier that if they were afraid of getting sent to war .
the pins themselves are the same it 's just a different connector housing .
the 3090ti does have a 12+4 socket on the card but apparently the included adapter is just a standard 12pin plug .
the assumption we can draw from this is the pins are capable of working with 450-500w that 's what we see from 3090tis without problem but something about the 12+4 housing causes an issue .
be that because of the way the adapter is constructed or something else with reports of native 3.0 cables melting this could be the case .
men that are focused on their own orgasm fail to truly appreciate the importance of forplay and female orgasm .
so not only is it a rav4 it 's the perfect pre owned rav4 by your description ?
because you want a discount is n't a good enough answer either .
are there any like that going for less than 30k ?
these days make sure they 're accepting cash offers at the same price as financing since financing makes them more money .
if you want to clean the cards in order for them to be used again i doubt it 's doable .
or burry the deck in salt for few days of something of the kind but seems a lot of emotional energy is imprinted on the cards as it is .
this would mean buying new tarot deck for future readings .
but if you just want to get rid of this one there are methods i.e .
ways of offering in one or the other take on shamanistic practice .
the slow burry the deck in the ground and earth will take the energies on itself but this takes a while for the deck to compost and decompose .
the medium least applicable in this situation send it down a stream where it will eventually drownand decompose .
fire is the fast way to transform the energy .
if this is something you can do in the open i 'd probably a do a medicine wheel with fire in the centre stones in four cardinal directions maybe a circle of small stones .
for this ritual understand fire to be an alive being .
so when you get it going offer some gifts to the fire oil is best olive oil or what you have chocolate sugar tabacco possibly also tea leaves or coffee .
then the let owner of the deck write on a piece of paper what she wants the fire to free her from from fear addiction bad memories ... decorate the letter with some flowers rie the whole thing to the tarot deck then let her offer it to the fire burn it .
if she 's not in a state for this then burn tarot without the letter-flower thing .
next day when everything burns take ashes from the fire put a bit of them on the querents forehead and let them sense what the fire 's answer is is the energy transformed .
since they are already holding all that negativity from her i was wondering if there might be some kind of method or ritual through which the cards could absorb her remaining or at least some of dark energy in order to purify it alltoghether .
but not sure if i 'd want to add more energy to the cards .
instead what i 've been a part of couple of times is a despacho ceremony link 1 https www.qoya.love/despacho-ceremony1 link 2 https megbeeler.com/creating-a-despacho-ceremony it 's an offering that can be put in earth water or fire .
in this case as a part of fire ceremony .
what you do is a take a colourful thin paper and place on its ingredients as if making a mandala corn flour tabacco sugar and other stuff flowers whatever makes sense and burns usually edible things .
take 3 leaves originally coca bay leaves work as substitute put them in a shape of the fan and hold with first two fingers .
take them to a forehead and imagine intent then blow intent into the leaves add to mandala .
everybody who 's at this ritual does this part if could be for healing of one person or whatever intent .
then wrap the whole thing into a paper package wrap with twine .
put it to stomach or other parts of the person you want to remove energy from and imagine you 're transfering the energy to the package you can do this with everybody present .
put the package at the roots of a tree so it can send the energy into earth .
then after some time 30-60 min as you prepare the fire burn the package .
i would burn this package offering first then the tarot-letter bundle .
another way instead of despacho offering would be to just use a potato and go around the person 's body and imagine transferring the heavy energy onto the potato .
one can adapt these things to their practice and needs .
general guidelines prepare the space for the burning intent cleaning possible decorations as stones in cardinal direction respect the fire .
a lot about preparations writing the letter and so on is basically psychological work on yourselves to focus the mind and emotions into this event .
i know this is a lot feel free to pm me if you wish .
the problem with us men is that we get attached too easily to someone .
your submission was automatically removed because it does not follow the subreddit 's title formatting guidelines .
all titles must include the full handle of the instagram model between parenthesis .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/grambaddies if you have any questions or concerns .
so the jawn here is that in any jawn you can basically just jawn but you got ta understand the jawn when you jawn .
yes but for the subject matter rather than it being rpf per se
this is the go-to r/askhistorians explanation on why the us had to drop the second bomb https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/15kb3w/comment/c7nbi8s .
like did david tell charles to stay in scranton for a little bit .
because like you said scranton is the most successful branch and charles input was not needed he should have gone to a different branch and helped there .
i am willing to fight anyone for the title of biggest gundam nerd on 196 ''
this is my first synthwave track i did upload it the other day but i 've taken some feedback i got on board and reuploaded a newer version .
looking forward to diving more into this and developing my skills .
i like to think its cleaned up over the past few years but not in the loop as i work too much
wow you 're able to get into the gunsmith between games ! ?
i 'm on the other end of the spectrum .
1000/call on one hand sounds ok since they send a lot of cars a lot of cops often .
so cheap for all the flashing lights and bodies milling about .
but my problem is more what results from that 1000 .
my building has security but we 'll have some car break-ins for example .
when there is a car break in the cops do come lower than average price per call likely though since those calls wo n't last that long .
general response is nothing helpful that i 've heard to date they look at the video sometimes but often do n't .
it 's usually just a few extra people agreeing that yes car was broken into well duh and that perpetrators are n't there anymore hardly a surprise that they would leave .
there are bodies in there and you were almost added to the pile
if you want to be so serious go be leo
phantom horse collar on kendricks on bills ' first scoring drive
this guy walked into this bar i used to go to and asked the bartender not the most polite people in brazil maybe in all countries .
barkeeper looked at the three freezers around him and said to the guy looking at him dead in the eye
i asked him why he allowed the guy to leave to which he answered is that a question to be asked ? ! ''
do n't know what the future holds but for me let the new ones eat the country rather than older one 🤣
they look like a work photo where no one really wants to be there not a family photo at a wedding .
when one blinker goes double time it usually means the other blinker is out and needs a replacement bulb .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
okay i 'll open the link code in the dm .
for compliance reasons we will require you to publicly announce all your withdrawals in the future here .
after nung race im not sure kung fan pa rin ako ni max haha nakaka disappoint
they got their own spot and everything it 's the bottom .
a mom should never stop praising the father of her children for giving her such an incredible gift
your account is too new and/or your karma is too low
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sommerray if you have any questions or concerns .
not sure whether this is a sign of out-of-control inflation and zero confidence in the economy or just making profiteering an official business model .
while we allow people to share experiences and discuss medication options .
advising someone to discontinue their medication who is not their doctor crosses this line .
ultimate team is making them bank because of the world cup mode and all the packs and cards but it 's not fair that they dedicate no time to fix issues especially when they 've been in the game for years such as the cf regen glitch
each 'segment ' of the cactus even if disconnected from the host has the potential to put roots down and basically clone itself .
it 's stayed somewhat contained in this case as the palm provided a more vertical form .
if allowed to traverse into the canopies nearby it can quickly infest that tree .
the shear weight and shading effect of the cactus then has negative impact on the tree .
when removed from the tree as painful and as arduous a task that is you can sense the trees sigh of relief as the unwanted burden is removed .
you guys doing it as part of a business ?
ich hab 2011/2012 als vegetarier dort gelebt und fand das es so schwierig beim auswärts essen etwas zu finden .
mittlerweile hat sich viel getan aber einfach wird das v.a .
it 's so incredibly odd to hear people think 20 minutes is a long way from places lol .
people act like it 's work to have to drive for a few minutes .
for me it 's always the you wan na play lets play
i think the fallback is supposed to be the 25th amendment and/or impeachment/removal and then using the 14th amendment to bar that person from running ever again .
republicans do n't have the integrity to make the tough decision .
i believe this is because they do n't want the stain on their party .
pence would n't use the 25a b/c then it would go down in history as republicans being the first to use it .
in my eyes that 's the same reason the republicans turned a blind eye to both impeachments .
they would rather play politics and damage the credibility of impeachment as a proper tool of government than use it on their party .
i agree about an insurrection leading to immediate removal .
the problem i see there is that here we go by the whole innocent until proven guilty '' mantra .
and republicans would run with that and go off on democrats are persecuting republicans .
they 're just doing this because they do n't like conservatives .
he didn'tincite anything he just gave a speech and people took it the wrong way . ''
anytime there 's a mass shooting and they get the shooter i 'm a little perplexed about the use of a trial .
there are mountains of evidence you 'd think that would warrant an immediate life sentence .
den hier habe ich letztes jahr meiner besten freundin geschenkt und mir selbst auch bestellt .
dann haben wir jeden abend gemeinsam am telefon die rätsel gelöst .
als paar braucht man natürlich nur einen und kann dann zusammen rätseln .
man konnte namen von freunden und familienmitgliedern eingeben die dann in das spiel integriert wurden .
if my scarlet version arrives this week how do i get it o.o ? ?
la pluie c'est sympa quand on peut l'esquiver ouais .
in truth i typically grab a component pouch if i can on top of any focus that my kit suggests .
yep easy see that one blue star there in the spot beside the other blue star behind the small white one ?
yeah there 's a planet there that has life .
man i wan na go back to the time when this subreddit was n't full of shitposts
he/she probably is a teacher of greek language class .
this was my biggest problem with the series so far .
in the first to book it was some casual '' sexism so to say relatively common specially in this genre so it did n't bother me that much .
but as you said the third book made me really uncomfortable at times .
it actually surprised me and thought the only way that owuld make sense specially considering the end of the second book would be if at the end it kind of proved the opposite .
i think the end actually redeems cheng xin and shows that she was right .
that her way of seeing the world and how we would act is much better .
the reason why the universe was being destroyed is that the others were not like her and the only hope we have for universe surviving is if everyone acts like she does .
so yeah the whole real mean make things work while weak women make everything fail '' was kinda justified at the end but it still disturbed me a bit that once again we have women taking the role of the caretaker and the man with the strong role .
even if it was to show that the women role was the good one it still felt sexist .
but one user here gave me an explanation i really liked .
apparently a lot of things in the series and in particular in the third book resonate with taoism .
and it seems that in taoism they talk about the masculine side and the femenine side not in a gender way but refering to masculine as our angrier and more animal side and femenine as our more advanced and socially evolved side .
that helped me view all the events in the third book and if oyu frame them in this way thinking about the tao way and using that meaning whenever the talk refers to any of both genders it fits perfectly .
obviously there is some sexism about it but at least it made it easier for me considering it was a sexism grounded on a religion so old that obviously has a lot of traditional and patriarch way of looking and things and not really just the missoginy of the author .
so yeah it does n't fix all the issues but it helped me make a bit of peace with some of the most blatant misoginy in the books .
and would you say the current release of hydrogen will make it more accessible ?
i provided a link to back up my statement where 's yours ?
if that was n't enough let us have a look at the meaning of cca '' from a battery manufacturer https www.varta-automotive.com/en-nz/varta-battery-support/battery-basics/what-should-i-consider-when-buying-a-battery
cold cranking amps cca cca is critical for good cranking ability .
it 's the number of amps a battery can support for 30 seconds at a temperature of 0 degrees f until the battery voltage drops to unusable levels .
reserve capacity rc helps to power your vehicle 's electrical system if the alternator fails .
so it 's a measurement of continuous current capability at 18c .
do you know what fuse is on the battery line of a suzuki carry da63t ?
in my experience you have to experiment and figure out your own dosage .
i take 5mg when i wake up 10mg at lunch 10 mg at 4 or 5 pm and 10mg right before bed .
it took me a while to build a tolerance and then work up to this level .
you also need to figure out what strains work best for you
im pretty sure logia abilities are not automatic they 're trained to be a subconscious action that the user takes themselves i may be wrong but i think crocodile stated that something like that in alabasta .
also fact luffy launches himself into smoker from behind as well as ace and they both dont turn into their logia forms .
quindi se io ho una asciugatrice a pompa di calore in uno sgabuzzino mi conviene tenere la porta chiusa in modo che la temperatura all'interno salga il più possibile per consumare meno ?
it is really rough out there and can be discouraging .
your topic has been removed because it does not meet our minimum post length requirement .
please review our sidebar and resubmit your post adding more details to your topic .
be sure to address some of the points you 've brought up and get the conversation going .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/letstalkmusic if you have any questions or concerns .
i really like this old german design https i.imgur.com/t9fxvrx.jpg in regard to twisting .
strong support from the bottom but also a large cylindrical slide ...
but of course this makes it hard to use a swivel though tbh a swivel is n't all that practical on an extremely heavy duty vise as from the video it 's always the weak point even when it did n't fail it 's interesting to see the slow motion video how the vise literally lifts off of it under a blow .
this is for marvel champions the living card game lcg
i am looking for information on residencies salaries and how it works in the netherlands .
do you maybe know where i can look for it ?
it 's the kind of stat that 's cool to have but at the end of the day also does n't mean too much .
i do n't think anyone is using that stat as an argument as to why he 's one of the best of all time they use his 7 wdcs and equally if he does n't get a win this season nobody is going to hold it against him as a reason why he ca n't be the greatest .
let 's be honest here there is some luck involved in this stat it 's not common for drivers to have a car that can challenge for wins from their first season and have a car that 's good enough to fight for wins at least at one or two circuits every season after that .
most drivers will probably start off in f1 in a backmarker/midfield team and probably lose their chance at achieving a win in every season right off the bat regardless of how good they go on to become .
he probably knows that this is a comparatively meaningless stat and he 's already proved himself in a much more meaningful way i.e. winning 7 wdcs .
that 's actually better than an insincere hey how you doin ' ? '' .
and it 's not even a joey-esque hey how you doin ' ? ''
i saw an article on this it was that bars are charging around £240 to reserve tables to watch games and you get 3 free drinks so they were saying that it works out at £80 a pint but in reality you 're paying for the table per match and extra beers would n't be that expensive but i can imagine still not cheap .
dt full of comments i made a week ago .
outside the dt full of posts i made a day ago .
i 'd love too 🤤 where do you orefer the cum 😉
you 're not gon na get downvoted to hell man .
this sub has a weird affection for telesco even though the chargers have been shitty during tenure as gm sub .500 record despite having a hofer at qb the whole time .
i 'm here with you i 'm also waiting for the decision .
thank you for the kind words seriously ! ! ! !
i was n't even en femme this time so to speak .
he was all over me i 'm still smooth and told him how i am and this daddy was loving it almost as much as me !
the femme is important but do n't be held back by that alone .
as long as you represent yourself honestly with people in person or online you 're fine !
i 've left one person disappointed and only one towards the beginning of my journey when i only shared my absolute best pics from the prime angles in perfect makeup a friend did for me .
we still had fun but they were n't ready for amateur me ...
i 'm not a pro yet but i 'm better than i was .
4 of your last 45 comments/submissions have been removed .
ok so ik you have very few days left but i still will be giving some research tips even tho you 'd have to put in some time i think it 'll be worth it .
so basically for research you first need to check your country stance and your country 's position on the overall topic
then check what other important countries have done who 's on ur side and who 's not .
and then i 'd recommend reading speeches made by world leaders both in favor of your stance amd against to get a good background on the whole topic also it 'll be a good idea to check past un actions
like loopholes in some specific treaty or framework and any violations to these said treaties .
lastly prepare some good bashing points to taunt other countries and to raise rights of replies also be prepared to defend yourself .
after your research make speeches on the topics you know are most likely to be discussed .
but this does n't mean you 'll have premade speeches for every topic i 'd recommend that if there 's a topic in which you do n't have an already made speech write down the key points you wan na talk about in ur speech on a piece of paper and refer to those while speaking .
and one extra thing keep in mind the motions you wan na raise and do your research based on those motions also do n't be scared to raise motions or points
if you have any problems you can reply here gl for your conference
excuse the newbie question ... assuming the new concealed carry bill gets passed then gets shot down in court like it has in ny and goes to the 3rd circuit court of appeals ... what 's the political makeup of the judges ?
rosenthal basically confirmed it 's doubtful braves make a play at degrom .
• two other things that are highly unlikely for the braves the signing of degrom or a shortstop other than
if the braves can not keep swanson they probably will be out of the picture for trea turner carlos correa and xander bogaerts all of whom figure to be more expensive .
which is why president of baseball operations alex anthopoulos at the
no player currently with the braves will earn more than 22 million over the course of his contract seemingly creating the flexibility for a major expenditure .
but the braves are reluctant to enter into a deal with any player who takes up too high a percentage of their payroll knowing in future seasons the salaries of their young players will rise.
a wholesale market kind of stuff like someone recommended mobile repair at manish market way much cheaper than original service centre .
not in buying nike puma looking for local brand like nivia sega anza a on amazon anza shoes are less .
i 'm curious to know what kind of challenges you encounter as a straight trans person in our community and also in your love life especially if you 're dating cis people
i used to identify as a straight trans woman before my gf came out as trans woman too lol .
im a 19 year old sub from germany with close to two years of dom-experience and i am currently looking for a new dom-sub relationship with someone .
i have close to two years of dom experience because i had a sub for that whole time she was not able to continue the relationship anymore due to personal reasons hence why im looking for a new sub !
i like to be a little evil but more about kinks and limits when we chat !
im looking for a long term dom-sub relationship with someone who genuinely is interested in it .
not everyone is able to be available at all times just like myself .
i understand that thats why it 's important that before we start anything we have to get to know each other good enough to set some ground rules and boundaries !
being degraded and humiliated likes to be punished and also is really bratty .
you should generally be an open minded person ready to try out new things .
besides the dom-sub relationship im not too shy to be friends too .
people tend to think that if you are in a relation like this you cant be friends .
bonus points if you are between 29-40 but not a requirement !
if you think this sounds interesting you can hit me up !
i have been using mychoice for my past 2 addresses .
i would like to add a new address for a new mychoice enrollment but the new address form refuses my address for being too long and it does not accept any abbreviations .
my address is valid and i receive deliveries from ups usps and other major couriers .
i have been on the phone with both technical support customer service for several hours over countless calls where they transfer me in circles .
i have sent emails and even contacted their social media channels .
none of their support representatives are able to provide assistance .
who do i contact to get support for this ?
i think they just need to increase the character limit .
someone buy me the new adidas balenciaga that shi hard💯💯
it 's important to recognize that blood is hazardous and should only be cleaned by professionals .
using the proper ppe equipment and applying osha regulations we can provide a safe option for getting blood and biohazards cleaned properly .
do not risk using companies that are not properly licensed .
with our certified crime scene cleaning process you are assured to get the decontamination that you need when you need it most .
i 'm looking to get my first carry gun in the near future and the p-07 is one of my top three choices along with a p-01 and m p9 .
the one thing i 'm wondering is how does the polymer feel compared to other guns ?
is it similar to the p-10 but with better stippling similar to the m p a glock or an h k/walther ?
i wish i could hold one but none of my lgs carry the p-07 or p-09 .
is it possible to just drop off the parcels if pickup failed the same day ? ?
im a student living alone so sometimes i overlook sum stuff and i kno im at fault as a seller
on my off days i 'm up till 2am still and have no friends lol .
my season starts soon but i need advice on how to improve my 60 meter time besides just practicing block starts .
you 're being a little bitch you know you 're being a little bitch but no matter how hard you try you ca n't .
can i start by saying how absolutely wonderful you all are ? !
this is a thread i 'll be coming back to for the future thank you all so much for helping ya girl out ❤
someone asked for more info as to what happened so quick story time !
i went through my cell provider and they were able to replace it under warranty .
apparently if they do n't have the same color available they 'll send the next option which is what happened .
i seem to have missed that when they told me the terms and conditions .
the color of my phone was part of the reason why i got it and they do n't have any options for me to get a replacement in the color i originally chose .
it makes me not want the phone at all anymore .
even just typing it out i feel so silly for having such a strong reaction !
i am 18 and all participants and characters must be 18
i am a male i very much prefer to be a submissive top .
that is i like to be the one taking orders and being generally less aggressive but i do n't want things in my holes .
as always i do n't mind your species at all but i am a human .
and you can be a female futa anything like that just stay as a bottom .
you can even be multiple characters if you want .
now the plots are my favorites please do n't be shy about bringing your own
i have a huge mouth oral tongue fetish for those that did n't know .
i thought it would be fun to see how many mouth-centered plots i could crank out .
of course if you have any ideas to spice up the plots i 'm all for it .
hypnosis one day at home or in a locker room you catch me showering .
normally i am a very shy and easily embarrassed person but you look down and see that i have an absolutely massive cock .
it wants nothing more than to get that cock in your mouth tongue all along each thick vein every chance you get .
control you have been given the power of mind control for anyone your lips touch .
it does n't last long so there would have to be plenty of reapplying .
i am your first test subject seeing as you knew about my mouth fetish .
you 'd prefer to hide it from me even when you accidentally see how big my loads can get .
you want your secret kept but your appetite is growing .
whenever you swallow cum something on your body grows just a little bit .
additionally the man 's cock and balls with also get a bit of growth .
you only have me for a week stuck in a log cabin .
tongue somehow you have been blessed with an endless tongue .
it can just grow endlessly out of your mouth with no end .
so what is stopping you from teasing a tongue fetish guy like me with it ?
mutation you not only have one super long tongue .
among other mutations that you can decide you are stuck teasing me your scientist behind a glass cage while i study you .
shapeshifter you are able to take the form of anything or anyone .
so once you 've met me and become smitten you stayed close as one form maybe even multiple forms .
till one day your thoughts get a little weird .
you start to become a bit of a tease .
isekai it 's the same old story i nearly die and a goddess puts me in another world to go and save the day .
everyone just pops out of the central tower knowing which town to go to and how to live no memories of being raised .
as such though these women are extremely sensitive to a man 's touch getting soaking wet just from a small bump .
just an idea but maybe cum is also like an extreme wellspring of mana so my party tries to suck me off whenever they need a crazy magic boost
ghost after wandering the forest i come across a little necklace hanging on a dead tree .
i put it on and my head immediately starts hurting .
that night my dreams are filled with flashes of people ranging from cowgirls to victorian licking and kissing across my body as they beg for help .
the next day while walking to class i hear a voice from the condemned computer lab .
maybe just the one is fine though i would n't object to becoming a ghost hunter and dealing with multiple time periods of ghosts
my kinks muscular/toned girls giantess tomboys tongues long tongues multiple tongues endless tongue body licking anything with oral huge tits titfucking lactation incest piss hypercum all-the-way-through cock worship cum worship ball worship tit worship expansion vore cosplay futa knife play hypnosis femdom yandere gyaru weird penetrations nipple ear etc .
i understand if there are some kinks you do n't want to do .
i am 18 and all participants and characters must be 18
so i had a few questions about going to a spn convention .
is there an age limit to go to the convention itself ?
like do you have to be accompanied by an adult ?
my kid sister wants to go with a friend and i need to know if it would be better for me go with her .
she is pretty responsible and intelligent when it comes to her safety and the safety of others but i have no idea if they would like turn her away at the entrance cause there was n't an adult with her .
future questions is there a way to get discounted tickets at all ?
are expensive my wallet cried looking at the prices on creation entertainment but i do understand that there is a reason it 's so high .
4 years ago my left knee started cracking and giving me sharp pain when bending past a specific point with pressure on it .
at that time i was eating less and weighed at one of my lowest bodyweights in a while around 180 at 6'5 '' .
it was diagnosed by a doc as mild chondromalacia and i was told that that was just how my life was going to be .
recently my right knee has started doing the exact same thing with the sharp pains and everything but more pain in general and i just realized that i am right now at the lowest weight i 've been in months 191 due to money issues and whatever .
i 'm going to bring this up with my new doc but does anybody have a clue what 's going on or have had anything similar happen ?
i 've never heard of this before and i ca n't find anything online .
it 's pretty devastating now having no pain free knees to help myself up with .
looking to build a computer that 's going to be used for gaming and possible streaming i have 2 1440p monitors at the moment and my current build is a pre built lenovo
i hooked up with a guy i barely knew off of a dating app and was n't expecting it to happen after our first date .
i also did n't expect that i would be into him but now i 'm a bit confused on what to do because i like him and we both said we need time to reflect on how we feel but i think he knows i am into him and it 's been over a day and i have n't heard from him .
monitor the house 24 hours a day without worrying about the battery running out .
because it 's a charger camera https www.luohecam.com/products/hidden-camera-charger-more-suitable-for-wall-sockets ? variant=40034637774930 utm_source=twitter003 utm_medium=social utm_campaign=yttop .
all you have to do is plug it into an outlet and it stays online throughout the day .
i couldnt wake up today today 's morning feels like hell
i refuse to wake up or change positions i feel overwhelmed a huge urge to just stop '' existing with all the responsibilities i have and poeple i know if only god made a button for all the unwanted or the one 's who re convinces they are that just ends it whenever they give up .
i gave up i dont fear things i dont care for my looks reputation clothes health or anything i should care about sometimes i catch myself wishing i was blind so i can have no one or nothing to look at at uni looking at things overwhelms me and it makes me cry out of frustration .
i dont even know why the fuck m writing this or using a fuvking smartphone .
i feel so unwantable i sometimes feel like even my phone judges me for the way i use it and wants me to piss off .
i lost my spark i used to be better than this i really miss the old version of me capable of talking to the other billions of cells that surround me now everyone wants to laugh at me or judge me and i know its all in my head wich makes me hate myself even more .
no socializing my self esteem is spiraling down no matter how rational i can be and a constant urge of sleep to not say death .
i consider it charity work if someone decides to talk to me or something and to be honest i never make it worth it
i dont feel worth it appreciated and i hope m just a bitch about it i hope this isnt pathological its been so long
personally being diagnosed with autism has been a positive experience it has helped me to validate myself and explain myself .
however i know many people do n't have a positive relationship with their autism .
my younger brother dislikes being autistic and resents me for wanting to and being happy to be diagnosed .
for clarification i 'm f17 and he is m15 .
i was wondering what other people 's experience with diagnosis or with the idea of having autism is ?
adore me coupon code https tiny.one/yfhr3kfh can be found at this link .
that page has the latest coupons promo codes and deals etc .
choose one of them and take advantage of the discount !
get dhgate deals https tiny.one/mpksyasa from this link and save money on your next purchase .
then on that page pick the best promo code or deals you interested and click the 'view coupon ' button .
i am searching english native friend to improve my english communication skill i am exicted to make new international friends and want to know more about their culture .
today we will talk about the vehicles of those capitalist swine the allies .
as a first note on my take you should be reminded that the allies are not a single country but a coalition of several countries each with their own equipment .
the riflemen are the basic infantry using assault rifles .
in cutscenes they use the american m4 carbine but that weapon was n't introduced until the 1970s so my take is that they would be using assault rifles from the 1940s like the german stg-44 the british em-2 bullpup and the american browning automatic rifle .
the rocket soldier is an unique anti-tank infantry that in the cutscenes uses a bazooka m1 .
in real life bazookas were designed in the later stages of ww2 in parallel to the german panzerschwreck which had a similar size and function .
edit i see no reason to think that there will be any different development to those irl .
the spy is an unique infiltration unit used by the allies .
irl during this period several countries had important secret services the most famous being the british mi6 the germans abwehr the soviets gru and nkvd and the americans oss later renamed to cia .
the medic is also an unique unit that can heal nearby infantry .
in real life combat medics have existed for as long as medics have for instance we have records from the romans and the ancient chinese having field surgeons '' travelling with their armies and tending wounded soldiers after battle which allowed those soldiers to continue fighting .
the ranger is a light scout and anti-infantry vehicle .
it seems modelled on the american jeep which irl saw extensive use in ww2 by the allies in general with the soviets even copying the model and creating their own version gaz-64 .
the germans used a similar vehicle named kugelwagen '' as well .
the apc is a transport that comes with a heavy machinegun and can carry infantry .
irl at this point there were similar transports but were half-tracks .
though full-track transports came soon so i guess they were just developed earlier .
the light tank in game is modelled on the american m4 sherman .
my take is that in general it would represent late 1930s-early 1940s tanks like the matilda mk .
ii the german panzer iii or the french somua .
in general any tank with a cannon on the 37mm to 75mm range and low armour .
the medium tank in game and in cutscenes is represented by the american m1 abrams a design from the 1970s but with lowered specs .
my take is that again in general it would represent developments from the mid to late 1940s like the arl-44 the panther/tiger tanks or the cromwell tank .
every mayor power in ww2 had several models of these with versions for both direct assault gun and indirect spa fire .
my take is that it would represent the models from germany france britain and the us with the soviets here having phased out their self-propelled guns in favour of rocket artillery .
im 162 and hope i 'll make it in time the timer makes me nervous
i remember some time ago there were a lot of accounts of tomboyx being really transphobic to their models deadnaming/misgendering them .
i wanted to get some of their stuff but i do n't want to support them if they have n't made amends .
if anyone has other suggesting for comfortable compression bras that would be great .
i have a small chest and a lot of time i do n't like wearing binders because it makes me feel claustrophobic especially when i get stuck trying to get them on or off .
i have the gc2b binders and i love them but i only wear them on special occasions .
i want something that will hold me in place firmly but without the really tight squeeze and coverage of a binder .
this happened a long time ago but by chance i read one email that refreshed my memories and my feelings
when i was at the university i had a class with a guy that started to get closer to me .
he would call me pretty '' and kept asking me to join him for lunch some time .
i was confused if he was hitting on me or not so on one of those times i replied to him
sure we can have lunch together as long as if it 's as friends
then he became very aggressive and started saying things like how he was married and how he was offended that i thought he was interested in me etc .
i felt really bad at the time because i felt like i was a fool for doubting his intentions
after that he even send me a long email explaining how i could check someone 's marital status on social media and reiterating he would never become single because women are interested on him .
and even ended the email saying he was too much water for my tank '' as i 'm 5 feet tall trying to double hurt me ! ! !
i stopped talking to him but kinda felt bad about the whole situation .
after a while he sent me a message again saying he was sorry if he were rude before and asking if we could be friends .
i thought i was being cool and said something in the lines of we can leave the past behind us everything is fine '' ! ! !
thankfully i think that was it and i do n't recall any other conversation with him
i 'm so angry at my old self for being vulnerable to a rude and stupid guy and not letting him know his behavior was unacceptable .
also mad at him for pursuing a younger woman and pretending it was her fault and unnecessarily and purposefully hurting her 😡
i tried to look this up but i 'm missing something .
i screwed up my keyboard on my macbook and had a pc keyboard so plugged it in .
the problem is i can not find the equivalent key of cmd to copy and paste things with keystrokes .
💡instagram is one of the most popular social media platforms out there .
with over 2 billion monthly users this makes it one of the most perfect places to promote your business and grow a community .
to do so you however need to keep your content interesting and engaging .
one way to do so is to use stories .
here are 3 tips on how to get more views on your stories
add an extra story at the end of the day adding a new story at 10/11pm before the rest of your stories expire tends to give all of them an extra boost ⏰
give your instagram community the time and attention they deserve you 'll be surprised by how much that 'll help you out !
he 's a minimalist when it comes to owning stuff does n't label himself that way but he sure does practice it .
does n't have clothes/shoes/stationery more than he needs to have but spends on places where he wants to spend .
so he does spend as he wants to when we go out on a date or with friends occasionally treats himself to a nice lunch instead of the ordinary and etc .
but i 'm having a little trouble with it .
sometimes he 'd use an item of clothing even if it has a stubborn stain or his socks would have a hole .
his work wardrobe is the same as his going out wardrobe which i 'm absolutely fine with but i do think he might enjoy adding a little bit of a variety .
i do n't want to poke my nose in his business too much sure i 'm his girlfriend but he 's a grown adult knows what 's best for him and we can have very different takes on things like these and to be fair this is n't of much consequence either .
but how do i put across my thoughts to him
edit none of these habits are to a point where they 'd gross one out i never feel grossed out but i 'm really different i 'm some of these aspects .
i wash a stain off immediately even if in the middle of the night .
he on the other hand would n't attend it for a few days .
beyond everything this man is the best thing that has happened to me so if i ca n't work around it i 'll live with it .
edit 2 i agree with most of you i think it 's more of a perspective problem than a habit problem .
i 've never had hygiene problems with him maybe i 'm a little too particular about certain chores and tbh i can imagine people not being that particular so maybe he 's just one of those people .
one of my more expensive game purchases ever but i wanted a set in new condition .
always knew about this game but never got it and it 's always nagged me .
it 's interesting to see how it bridges the design of the orks from 2nd to 3rd edition of 40k .
anyway joined the sub and excited to catch up on everything for it .
i have a bug where after fighting the wulvers in vanaheim brok freezes and does not move or say his dialogue .
freya is in bird form beside brok but does not continue when you lift the rock to move on .
there is also a second freya who does move and interact .
in the walkthroughs i 've seen brok is to go under the stone and freya flies over the stone .
this is a problem bc you need brok to open a gate once you pass the stone .
he 's going to a lumberjack look.😂 he missed it by a few hundred miles but ... .he tried
decided to give it a few more days before attempting .
my legs and undercarriage are still getting used to bike riding .
i left for work at the time that i would be setting off though and i was encouraged .
the traffic at 5:30 am was very minimal and i only saw about 5 vehicles in the dangerous miles that i 'll have to brave before reaching a side walk .
upvote 4 upvote please upvote some of these posts 👉👉 r/gym_apparel_for_women https www.reddit.com/r/gym_apparel_for_women 👈👈
from the pic i imagine that desk to be a 10/10 for office spaces or a sauna office .
for gaming though i feel it might lack some utility .
i like the look but i would struggle with round shapes .
they go dormant when the alcohol concentration gets too high for their tolerance or they run out of sugar and can reactivate once that concentration is lowered by dilution or more sugar is added .
they have absolutely no obligation to keep it fair '' .
the nfl literally argued this in court when that jets fan sued them for spygate .
i sort of agree with your sentiment however i do n't think you should be putting much energy into trying to convince society '' to be more generous .
all we have is influence and the best you can hope for is to influence the people you come in contact with and the best way to do that is just to live by example .
to convince society to do anything would take way to much work that it just can not be done .
the best you can do is to lead by example and do what you know is right .
do n't worry about society it will be fine .
i think civilization is good but everyone has their own opinion .
my advice to op is to not think in terms of absolutes bc you will be left cynical and depressed or an extremist which is worse .
well they 're willing to do it just remember that they market themselves to freeholders and managers and their advice for any leaseholders would be skewed .
also i see where you 're getting leasehold solicitors from .
that 's how they 're marketing themselves on their website .
and the guy accusing narcissism is also the guy who set out their entire job profile with no prompting ...
if your content breaks any of the rules remove it immediately before a mod permanently bans you .
photos of yourself or someone else are not allowed .
if any of your previous submissions break the rules remove them too .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freekarma4u if you have any questions or concerns .
and this is why you have the circle already there .
if one of my patients did this i 'd laugh my ass off and give them full credit
i however do n't have a mic so maybe just write down a list of things you want to see built
what is this whatboutism x was not using any of adepts shit when kissing nyx .
she could blow 5 guys live on stream and it would not matter as long as she left x 's cars alone .
please use the following resources via the links below to find relevant information about the game and the subreddit .
r/overwatch rules https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/rules r/overwatch faqs https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/faq r/overwatch common bugs and posts https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/commonbugsandposts
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
too many goddamn egos and bureaucracy getting in the way of fixing this world and making lives better .
im not gay but i would fuck him if i drank enough alcohol
alire does not have an install '' feature yet it is currently being discussed/prototyped .
binaries will usually be a bin directory but be careful because project can decided to change that .
for starters its largely targeted to teens who grew up being told that if they dont grab every higher education opportunity they can get their hands on theyll deny themseleves a better life .
then starting around 18 youre handed crazy amounts of money with no credit check for an unsecured education loan .
people pat you on the back and tell you youre doing the rught thing going to college and bc youre young and know you didnt have two nickels to rub together to pay the tuition u know u had to do this .
colleges took advantage of the rampant govt handouts and tuitions skyrocketed .
when u get a secured loan for a car or a house you have to really really qualify for it .
and if you cant pay they have collateral to take back .
most people buting houses are adults with at least enough sophistication to qualify gor a mortgage ... some kids are handed student loan money when theyve never had a dime of their own money or ever paid ansingle bill or even ever had a job .
i could go on all day but those are the points id start with .
its a fundamentally fucked up system and its not akin to taling out a secured loan for an asset .
let me guess this is n't the first time you 're loaning her money ?
by not worrying about the money you 're enabling her frivoulous behavior .
cause she knows you 're not concerned about the money aka it 's not a big deal if she does n't give it back to you .
ask her when is she planning to give you back the money and to set a reimbursement plan .
i 'm going to take a guess and assume you 're asking if you have the goty version will you get to keep any progress you 've made when the upgrade drops ?
it should work the same as the cyberpunk 2077 upgrade in that it 's upgrading the existing game not making it a new one .
that is unless you 've got a save file on the base game dlc .
this will not carry over to the goty version .
also if you do have the base game dlc and get the upgrade with that version you will keep your progress for that version .
to summaries base game dlc saves will not work on goty version and the other way round .
however when upgrading which ever version you own your save will still work with the upgrade .
it 's a type of fudge made of sugar and condensed milk
100 whoopies and you 've never had a moist one damn
how about behaving like adults by learn to maturely handle negative feelings like 'offense ' instead of lashing out like 8-hour patrons of a daycare and participate in active listening instead of constantly exploiting the innate tendencies .
the last four years is the exact reason why scholars and professionals have wanted to regulate the power of squandered business empires in this country because they 're a danger to not only us but their selves .
inb4 they are 1-2 in the last race and verstappen refuses to give the position for his record and perez ends 3rd in the standings because of that .
i feel that dictionary definitions are pulled to prove points in a daily basis .
the problem is that every day the lines get blurrier and blurrier .
just because the dictionary has exact definitions of a word doesnt mean everyone uses those words correctly .
you think everyone in the world who pulls percentages out of thin air did their math homework ?
when someone does against me sometimes i win and sometimes i lose .
when i lose i do n't throw a temper tantrum and say their style should be nerfed .
mmm would love to lick fuck and fill you up every single day multiple times sweetheart
wow she 's been around i 'd be bothered too .
indicative of an inability to make good decisions picking men .
maybe she 's genuinely changed but likely she 's 32 and knows her time is running out .
the last thing you want for your brother is a divorce and/or custody battle .
on the other hand maybe she 's the best he can do and it 's worth the risk .
seriously you ca n't wear clothes while shitting it 's not natural .
as good as it is to see els graham hype as hell to have his own gundam seeing setsuna show up put it over the top .
dont get many of those in my area but usually they are good payers .
your words mean more than you could possibly imagine .
i will try to keep them in my head heart .
u/abbreviationsmotor55 please ensure the title contains the subreddit name in brackets at the beginning of the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn if you have any questions or concerns .
one good burn should make any that contain water explode .
and if we were a 1 loss bama team we would have never dropped out of the top 4 period .
yeah it 's all systemic and based around evil white males white ppl get their diagnosis 's free of charge actually
i have a similar memory when i got my ps3 .
had connected it to an old lg crt tv .
it does seem to be a question since most of the ghosts seem pretty happy especially pat .
robin does n't have any unfinished business or issues he seems just pretty cool and likes hanging around .
same with julian and thorne although he 's an obsessive stalker maybe he is just there out of force of will .
kitty does have unresolved issues with her sister and cap is learning to relax and open up but they are n't super deep issues .
lady button is stuck in some murder trauma but she 's basically fine .
i just think they leave when they leave it does n't have to have a reason .
they are surprisingly happy together as a group so maybe that 's what keeps them there .
undoing the work of a narc is just that bloody hard work .
i spent years learning for the first time in my life that i was a person who deserved love and care .
the thing that birthed me robbed me of so much but the joy i feel in freedom is irreplaceable .
funnily enough i bought the physical version and still had the vault edition offered to me cheaper .
the reason those campaigns were back and forth were either because both sides did n't have equal players
while equipment was being added for further levels the levels that came out would give the currently losing team because of equipment a slight boost
also the reason the axis are winning in campaigns like normandy and pacific is because of more people wanted to grind the new faction and a reddit poll showed that
i 'm a man of my word it would be amazing
if you rely on nitro boots to stay alive you are n't good at this game and it does n't matter what profession you have .
did i say anything about using them exclusively to stay alive ?
boots can be used for plenty of things other than staying alive '' like taking grobb 's disease out of the raid faster getting onto thadd 's platform with ease or pumping out extra dmg before needing to take cover behind an ice tomb .
those are just a few phase 1 applications for nitros .
you mean the stuff that does what 20 dps ?
how are you going to try and invalidate the dps of explosives with the argument of more static stats are better '' when you 're not even pointing out how much better sappers are when used en masse ?
for a mage sappers have the additional benefit of enabling incanter 's absorbtion builds which is a lot more than just 20-30 dps .
do n't forget either how cooldown stacking usually results in mutiplicative dps increases like using the glove haste proc during things like arcane power trinket procs and even uh gargoyle .
but i guess since you read on reddit that engineering is bis that must be the truth right ?
no my years spent playing not only retail wotlk but also time on private servers have provided me with anecdotal evidence that engineering is bis .
we have n't even mentioned the out of combat benefits of engineering a portable mailbox jeeves a portal to send yourself and your party anywhere in northrend a tool to replace all tools in your inventory and gives everyone a revive a cloak enchant irrelevant for tailors that provides more passive stats and a slowfall on demand for classes without slowfall and access to the auction house without having to leave dalaran .
so i 've listed 10 things now that are beneficial to literally anyone of any class or spec some of which provide passive stats bringing them already close enough to the meager benefit of a few ring enchants .
if you are still in denial that engineering is bis then honestly i do n't know what else to further tell you .
well i would say that you should consider that high charisma is not mind control .
also consider that cults would attract bad attention from other magi and witch hunters maybe you should make them play this more like cultist simulator .
maybe try mixing in some of their bedding so that it smells more familiar ?
good luck 3 rats can be just as weird as humans when it comes to change
definitely shogun buuut depending on your savings you could try a few pulls on the weapon banner at least to get rust for yoimiya .
type of player brand new player never played rpg before only played around with character creation .
additional information ca n't play on weekend because parent 's are home and they think it 's the satanic my cousin 's friend played and killed himself so yeah not a good impression .
beacuse of college i am only able play on wednesday and friday morning 7am to 12am local time or 10am to 3pm utc but as expected i never find live games on those hours .
i 'm actually glad to hear you say it .
i would feel better having a sudden realization than a ridiculous thought .
seja muito bem-vindo a ao reddit e parabéns pelo seu primeiro post aqui .
aproveitando que você acabou de chegar veja no r/subredditsbrasil nossa lista de comunidades brasileiras e escolha as suas favoritas para seguir .
se quiser testar o como funcionam os comentários conta pra gente abaixo o que está achando da plataforma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meuprimeiropost if you have any questions or concerns .
1,056 108 comments r/nfl/comments/yuiwls/highlight_matt_ryan_scrambles_for_39_yards highlight 91 highlight 93 matt ryan scrambles for 39 yards https twitter.com/nfl/status/1591941214638526464 ? s=46 t=fo2xnq3b04cj2y2zpm4s5q
1,056 192 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yucz8t/highlight_justin_fields_throw_a_pick_six_to_his highlight 91 highlight 93 justin fields throw a pick six to his college teammate .
1,041 41 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yu6br0/highlight_shortly_before_the_int_brady_lined_up highlight 91 highlight 93 shortly before the int brady lined up out wide and was left completely open .
979 153 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yuc12q/highlight_fields_to_kmet_again_for_the_50_yard_td highlight 91 highlight 93 fields to kmet again for the 50 yard td bears 24-10 https twitter.com/chicagobears/status/1591881443437072386 ? s=46 amp t=ltwn2r8rgcqmy4c1yofp4q
937 209 comments r/nfl/comments/yu75h1/highlight_penalty_called_on_tom_brady_for_tripping highlight 91 highlight 93 penalty called on tom brady for tripping https v.redd.it/1nqz01da0rz91
888 103 comments r/nfl/comments/yvcmua/highlight_kirk_cousins_and_justin_jefferson_had_a highlight 91 highlight 93 kirk cousins and justin jefferson had a game for the ages in their upset of the bills https v.redd.it/jyg55yd2dzz91
837 76 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yu6p5u/highlight_rachaad_white_sends_diggs_back_to highlight 91 highlight 93 rachaad white sends diggs back to seattle https www.clippituser.tv/c/yxmqrw
813 135 comments r/nfl/comments/yukemn/highlight_crosby_wins_it_for_gb highlight 91 highlight 93 crosby wins it for gb https v.redd.it/o97bpcs0ftz91
740 118 comments r/nfl/comments/yub0xq/highlight_sick_td_snag_by_sherfield highlight 91 highlight 93 sick td snag by sherfield .
732 175 comments r/nfl/comments/yuepgo/highlight_russell_wilson_is_picked_to_seal_the highlight 91 highlight 93 russell wilson is picked to seal the loss https www.clippituser.tv/c/yxmqmk
666 57 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yu7l4j/highlight_geno_with_a_hell_of_a_touchdown_to highlight 91 highlight 93 geno with a hell of a touchdown to goodwin on 4th down https www.clippituser.tv/c/zlmwkr
603 44 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yrygd1/highlight_perfectly_placed_punt_from_the_goat highlight 91 highlight 93 perfectly placed punt from the goat johnny hekker .
588 153 comments r/nfl/comments/yujms6/highlight_christian_watson_with_his_third_td_of highlight 91 highlight 93 christian watson with his third td of the game https twitter.com/nfl/status/1591949364682928128
573 400 comments r/nfl/comments/yu88uu/highlight_bill_cowher_going_off_on_the_colts highlight 91 highlight 93 bill cowher going off on the colts during the nfl today pregame show .
527 26 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yua3ku/highlight_amazing_catch_in_the_broncos_titans highlight 91 highlight 93 amazing catch in the broncos titans game by sutton .
468 43 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yu94g7/highlight_the_jags_successfully_onside_kick_on highlight 91 highlight 93 the jags successfully onside kick on the kick-off against the chiefs https twitter.com/nfl/status/1591854493221519360
456 32 comments r/nfl/comments/ysnot3/highlight_pineiro_grants_fans_wish_and_misses_the highlight 91 highlight 93 pineiro grants fan 's wish and misses the net https v.redd.it/1mxf6aa0icz91
405 25 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yu3rrx/highlight_ryan_succop_misses_the_chance_to_get highlight 91 highlight 93 ryan succop misses the chance to get the first points ever in germany .
384 60 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yq8dg0/highlight_dashon_goldson_lights_up_mike_williams highlight 91 highlight 93 dashon goldson lights up mike williams and forces a fumble https v.redd.it/sl7uunwkquy91
363 26 comments r/nfl/comments/yrxrkp/highlight_doink_actually_helps_the_panthers_nail highlight 91 highlight 93 doink actually helps the panthers nail the field goal .
350 42 comments r/nfl/comments/yueq5w/highlight_russ_picked_off_and_titans_win highlight 91 highlight 93 russ picked off and titans win .
340 141 comments r/nfl/comments/yuk9wo/highlight_pressure_gets_to_dak_and_cowboys_fail highlight 91 highlight 93 pressure gets to dak and cowboys fail to convert 4th down .
327 60 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yud152/highlight_diggs_one_handed_snag_for_25_of_3rd_and highlight 91 highlight 93 diggs one handed snag for 25 of 3rd and 15 !
312 15 comments r/nfl/comments/yug2p5/highlight_james_and_dalvin_cook_reunion_after_the highlight 91 highlight 93 james and dalvin cook reunion after the game .
311 17 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yu3qbr/highlight_brady_to_evans_for_29_yards highlight 91 highlight 93 brady to evans for 29 yards .
310 28 comments r/nfl/comments/ys0f6b/highlight_brian_burns_gets_the_sack_for_the highlight 91 highlight 93 brian burns gets the sack for the turnover on downs and hits the bully maguire https twitter.com/panthers/status/1590914386775879680 ? s=46 t=ecwv3oo2x0iy_8vgtllzkq
310 28 comments https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/yu7gvv/highlight_brady_throws_his_first_int_in_399_throws highlight 91 highlight 93 brady throws his first int in 399 throws .
305 68 comments r/nfl/comments/yugk1x/highlight_christian_watson_catches_a_58_yard_td highlight 91 highlight 93 christian watson catches a 58 yard td on a dime from rodgers https twitter.com/nfl/status/1591919473828581376 ? s=46 t=pu3siqdcnmn4v2pjkywv4w
stel dat er geen tussen meters zijn als ik het correct herhaal zeg jij dat er een andere berekeningsformule bestaat om dan toch de kosten per woning in te delen ?
i once had an interview sat on a box in a stock closet still did n't get the job
yeah almost too brave ... i mean it would be insane to think people just say it 's their first tattoo for clout .
like it could n't stand on its own by just being a good piece ... .it has to be their first .
name a job in the world where you can correct your boss publicly without expecting repercussions ?
it 's genuinely been years since i 've looked at an analogue clock to see what time it is every professional setting i 've been in for the last decade or so has replaced them with digital clocks that also display the date and temperature .
i even have a very beautiful ornate clock hanging in my house but it is essentially just a piece of art and has n't worked in forever .
this community is for all things related to morocco/moroccans .
for this place to be inclusive and welcoming to all we have a set of rules that everyone must abide by .
please take the time to read those rules follow them and help us enforce them by reporting offenders .
remember to be civil and courteous at all times .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/morocco if you have any questions or concerns .
every 2 seconds there 's a post on this sub regarding 50+1 in some form or another and there is never any debate .
germans are right and the rest of the world is wrong it 's hilarious .
you can play the game without any prior knowledge whatsoever if thats what you mean
i did enough research until i was 99 sure i 'm an intj
i went to fnac they had 10 in stock 4 were sold in the 20 minutes i was there
it provides a very big benefit for your whole team .
at the least you can use it to tank shots .
and its not like the change made any difference .
its not like the speed zone stayed alive for the entire match .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/schoolgirlsxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
if you are not a scammer you can msg me .
since nobody has identified the exact species i will identify it for you .
we should n't give republicans too much credit for fucking up our education .
it 's not like they removed the need for a teaching degree in arizona and now just anybody can apply to be one .
we ca n't afford that according to the gop .
but they do have money for ... checks notes cyber ninjas ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
in my savefile she works as a secret agent thanks to neighbor stories .
i believe mortimer in sims 4 is a writer so he definitely likes to write .
i remember reading he had a fondness for insects in his wiki and that he was an old gentleman .
however in sims 2 mortimer is a scientist a mad scientist and bella was abducted by aliens ...
there is a lot of lore especially in the sims 2 i suggest you read their wiki ...
btw i personally made cassandra attracted to the occults especially vampires so i would definitely make her skilled in vampire lore and maybe even salvadorian i made alexander more creative and incline to writing like his father 'cause in the sims 3 and the sims 3 supernatural there are 2 books called murder in pleasantview and baron graff van gould written by an alexander goth .
however the weird thing is that in the sims 3 both mortimer and bella are children .
that would hint to alexander using a time machine or a portal to maybe write the books to warn his mother bella of her future abduction/murder .
anyway read their wiki lots of stuff in there .
at first i was having a hard time keeping up with new commander products then modern horizons happened .
i 'll stick with my gouramis and green terrors .
reminds me of the 3m plant force field in sc in 1980 .
they had one of these but a much larger model which produced an electrostatic wall '' that was impossible to pass through under the machine .
the plant manager is noted to have said he did n't know whether to fix it or start selling tickets .
part 3 where the other other sister shows up when
enjoy the one day ban i hope it makes you happy .
you ruined our subreddit completely so you could post politics and i hope now you can spend your one day ban learning some grace and decorum .
because you have all the grace of a reversing dump truck without any tyres on .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/casualuk if you have any questions or concerns .
reading some of the cases where minors are being abducted and abused gets me beyond fucking angry especially the cases of junko and sylvia .
whenever i read similar cases it makes my heart sink .
i can not fathom how a person could do all these horrible things to another even more to minors .
it makes me question how fucked up this world is considering there are likely more cases like this that did not reach anyone 's ears with the abused carrying the stories of horror in their graves and their abusers getting away with it .
i wish the principle of an eye for an eye was given to those sick fuckers .
i want the things they did to be done to them .
i hope all their limbs were amputated so that they 'd feel powerless living like a fucking vegetable for the rest of their lives with people exiling them .
u mnie najdziwniejsze jest jak listonosz pojawi się w okolicy jak wrzuci awizo to już cud a jak wrzuci do skrzynki list zamiast awizo to rozsadza głowę .
the fact that this happened while you were on a date is insane to me .
she has had a lot going on in the past few months
flu vaccines and covid are ones we as a family personally choose not to get simply because it 's just as easy to avoid situations where you are exposed .
looks so ... intense i cant imagine if you are also solo how philosophical it must get up there !
afaik he had this in his twitter bio even during the time at navi i do n't think they 've made any decision public at this point in time
they do n't think that much they just play .
your submission was automatically removed because we do not allow trades to be discussed in private messages by including gamertags/ids or references to trading elsewhere on posts as per rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleagueexchange/comments/n7x75e/meta_subreddit_rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rocketleagueexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
he was just projecting his own baldness on other people
i swear he has been on totalwar official forums as well
or perhaps you want to see other debaters he 'd smirk at her
so a task going from 6-8 to 5-6 is not a lower aet ?
to compete we just need better trade and collaboration on large-scale projects between european countries .
each european country has its own struggles and problems as well as a population which wants different things .
federalisation would mean the peoples of each country would be less able to fix their own problems the way they want to .
and that 's not even mentioning the fact that many countries already disagree a lot on many things or dislike each other within the eu .
forcing them under one government would only make this conflict worse .
especially if a completely different country gets a say in how a different country is run it 's just not fair for anyone involved .
this sounds however like a pretty standard if pathological and horrible way things are done '' .
i am pretty jaded since i got disillusioned with places i worked at couple of times already changed sectors and branches a few times due to necessity and at least being aware of such practices gives us power of knowing what is going on .
it sucks big time though no doubt about it .
oh and it 's pretty normal to not really have a relationship w your counselor in public hs at least .
they are overworked and underfunded and prob do n't even know the names of the hundreds of kids they 're supposed to cover 🙄
... but it means they 're kinda used to writing lors for kids they do n't know .
they 'll prob ask for a brag sheet or similar .
does n't help with vods but if you watch live as well grab xtra app fork .
it has build in adblock and bttv/7tv smooth af as well
this is how i feel when i buy their stupidly over priced parking passes .
but would n't you know it i also mopped the house last night and did all the dishes .
i would have been ok with something like the many-faced god does n't want me to die like that '' or something talking about having his blessing bringing some boons helping with survival .
republican voters really screwed over this state by waiting so long to vote for medicaid expansion .
and since these rural hospitals closed urban hospitals have to pick up the slack .
it 's a style that 's withstood time it does n't need to be this exact face under the makeup .
i have thin lips and have worn dark reds and every other lipstick for 15 years .
it 's pretty clear to me you know what is needed and i wish you luck !
it might help her to know that the repatriation process which is what you are hoping to do is very far from completed .
our ancestors are in tons of museums and private homes and they are legally required to be returned but it takes an excruciating amount of time .
your family having those remains is not the only instance of this occuring right now not even close .
the law regarding repatriation is meant to do two things 1 .
stop the looting and black market trade of our ancestors and 2 .
you and your family clearly do n't mean to sell them and you desire to return them .
the likelihood that the feds would come after is basically nil .
if you want to learn more about the history of looting and museums i 'd recommend checking out john oliver 's episode about it on youtube it 's a really good starting point and does a good job of expressing the importance of repatriation .
i agree but you might as well cast it on the armor .
it takes 1 minute to doff medium armor and 5 minutes for heavy .
in a battle 1 minute is 10 rounds so thats 10 turns of damage .
if the pc or enemy manages to get the armor off then their ac drops so ...
your submission was removed because you have not verified with the mod team .
from now on onlyfansgirls101 only allows oc content from verified users .
please click here for steps on how to verify .
please click here for steps on how to verify .
please click here for steps on how to verify .
please click here for steps on how to verify .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
this sub is for approved and verified original content oc only .
any user who is not approved and verified with the mod team will have their post removed by the bot
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsinyogapants if you have any questions or concerns .
where did you get the cipla rivela bronze from ?
i 'm just telling you that saying its not possible is untrue if you look at the nature of tournaments as they exist .
if you can think of times where players win/get a good placement from a fortunate bracket then it means it can possibly happen multiple times in a row .
any way that 's just part of the reason why we care you kinda bypassed the other reasons i explained lol .
h2h is used to balance out the volatility of tournaments brackets .
i 'm in the queue but it 's been paused a while
he has a very fast turnaround and very affordable prices my mule deer was 125 he had it done in 10 days maybe two weeks .
r/hamsters is very sorry to hear about the passing of your hammy .
this is a gentle reminder to please only post images/videos of your hammy loving life .
whilst we gladly accept tribute and memorial posts images of hammy since passing can be upsetting to see so we kindly ask to see hammy in their prime in your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hamsters if you have any questions or concerns .
garlic has lecithin so when they say garlic you use a fucking ton of garlic .
you can literally see the splatter on the helmet that is lead the helmet stopped the bullet .
you are a cool guy to help people with this shithead of a boss .
but the time limit is like 300 seconds so how was it 15 minutes ?
wig is a thing you wear to cover your baldness .
i am 90 sure the video that you posted is one of antonio urzi 's .
at least it looks very similar to his 'style '
the theory as far as i understand it is he glues small round metal buttons to a pane of glass then zooms in on them and records in front of the sky .
also zoomed in such a way that there is nothing to compare them to .
by the number of uaps he has single-handedly filmed it doesnt seem like we need disclosure from the govt .
he just has to teach other people his magic to getting many uaps to appear before him while he is ready with his camera .
edit i realize this post is more of a thought experiment .
all of them would be equally valid until we have some concrete evidence to narrow down the story .
especially the paradoxes of if they are so advanced why would they ever crash '' and if they are trying to remain secret why do they emit lights and if they arent trying to be secret why dont we see them more often than we do ? ''
that 's how the bottle works it 's a different type of pump .
just screw back on the top and keep pumping some will come out after a few pumps !
it 's the toes for me in the pic .
a different thread said there were plenty of tix left for 4/15 but did n't state what type of tickets .
seeing taylor from the top of the 300 section at ray jay is not worth a 4 hour wait for tix .
the good ol ' do it wrong now so it 's someone else 's problem later nice .
yeah but made it this far despite swift and pitts and now losing goedert is a kick in the nuts .
dropped muth to stash ravens d now probably wo n't get him back ... maybe get cmet but just that time of the season when all of this is super annoying .
you used the item 'three-handed sword ' and did 10 extra almighty damage .
my prediction is that each girl passes their challenge however notably there 's no challenge to actually succeed in toppling the aurum .
i think you can amend pretty much any part of the constitution but the amendment process is a pain in the ass so it 's unlikely to change .
people making those comment want to feel like they 're clever
we 're glad you found our small corner of reddit dedicated to digital wellness .
the following is a short list of resources to help you get started on your journey of developing a better relationship with the internet
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nosurf if you have any questions or concerns .
it 'll inflate her ego that she 's famous '' .
she can still just hit flank without aiming or at least without needing to work for that aim .
in cheating terms it 's when you set your computer to automatically hit fire when the crosshair is on the enemy .
i do n't know what to tell you if you think that does n't help .
kasumi can just hold down primary fire button and effectively achieve triggerbot .
ever heard of this neat word called missing '' .
fun fact when other champs miss a shot they get punished .
there 's a time delay for the next shot .
so they might not be able to finish the target before needing to reload .
they ca n't just hold their button down without ever needing to worry about getting punished and actually need to aim .
as for the aimbot have you ever actually played kasumi ?
or were you being a noble person and avoiding a cancer champ ?
because if you did play her you would know that when you 're up against someone with a deployable or shield or when people are running off and their teammates are able to body block that massive cone how much you 'd wished that it was a hitscan instead .
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
that 's assuming it actually went down that way .
in reality she was just late and then lied .
well atleast the badge still exists to show who 's a chad for watching the random guy playing bongos and guitar .
just so you know you do n't have to manually give the gif url if it is in a parent comment or the post .
report an issue https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=pmdevita subject=gifreversingbot 20issue message=add a link to the gif or comment in your message 2c i 27m not always sure which request is being reported .
dude most of the players were not even born when that game happened .
i was hoping you were just asserting your dominance over the row
he told them to get the father out first .
as the son is stronger than the father and can hold on just that little bit longer .
the answer is that this is the algorith of the porn site you are using .
i recieve the same result when i am logged into my profile but when i search anonimously i recieve all kinds of cocks .
agreed the lack of steps in mccf is bs and why bother having the compensation framework guidelines if they 're not going to be followed/applied equally
try looking for the circus world books by barry b. longyear .
these were published in the 80s and featured a reinvented circus that traveled between planets .
the good news is that her relationship with cole was the longest she 's been in .
it 's unlikely she will ever hurt someone else like that again .
i used buy my comic books from the corner rexall pharmacy .
to this day the smell of a small pharmacy makes me happy .
but even how poorly she performed she is not the worst driver ever
i mean they were downvoted a lot before that edit
i didnt get a code and im hoping im able to get them on friday .
i do know that ticket master releases tickets at random times and they release more around the concert date .
on the other side you have people who leave their partners once they find out that they 're bi so i do n't blame him for wanting to hide the app .
i sincerely would n't expect a country so dependent on oil exports to invest in transit .
he can give a statement before sentencing if he wants to .
se ele for condenado a 400 anos de prisao nao faz o brahma ser menos bandido .
if you do delete it we 'll consider it an attempt to avoid our rules and you will not be able to appeal your ban .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
a short time ago you were asked by a moderator to verify .
until you verify you will not be able to participate in r/realgirls .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
over 6 years it was mostly treated as migraine started with occasional overnight/morning headache and became 24/7 headache and whooshing when laying on stomach and unsurprisingly did n't respond to migraine treatment but actual migraine symptoms did .
finally got migraines fully under control a little over a year ago and started having watery fluid dripping down my throat and out my nose .
off to ent who ruled out a leak then symptoms shifted back to daily headaches vision/hearing loss when i bent down etc .
went to nuero-ophth who told me to try cognitive behavioral therapy because they did n't see anything wrong .
my neurologist gave me a trial of diamox and the first week i felt like my old self all the most impairing symptoms totally gone so that made it official .
over the whole time i 've had symptoms i 've had four normal mris and an mrv plus second opinion never had papilledema .
only other test i 'm doing is getting jugulars checked for stenonsis/obstruction mrv was only head .
if those are clear i 'll be on medication until it fails or tries to kill me then i 'll be shunted .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a social media domain .
there are privacy concerns as well as concerns with content being non-verifiable when it comes from social media sources .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
the texas instruments datasheet for the 74ls245 specifies that iil input current for a low level is max 0.2 ma .
multiply by 10k ohm 's law v=ir and you get 2v across the resistor .
yours might have only drawn 0.1 ma to get 1volt .
the input level to register as a low '' is 0.8v so at a bare minumum you should use r=v/i 0.8v/0.2ma or 4k ohms .
to have a margin of safety you want something smaller like 2k7 or even 1k .
people often get away with 10k pullups because a typical ttl high input iih same datasheet only draws 20 microamps which is one tenth the low level input current .
the series managed to hit a lot of things i was looking for .
i 'm from the united states and have no info
he was probably a small time trapper but was n't affiliated with any gangs .
i walk a lot for my job although there are times when i sit for an extended part of time .
it 's not enough mind you to keep off my weight gains .
i am adding exercises slowly to reach my goals .
that 's not how it works your reduction in tax is always less than the amount you donate so it 's always a net loss to the donator .
you ca n't donate to charity and through some weird loophole get even more money back .
well at least you have a cross ready for the occasion 😆
i do n't have the post saved but i remember originally seeing this on twitter .
as much as tax payers are willing to be screwed over to have them come over here .
i 'm sorry i 'm a debby downer but whenever a new sports team comes into town all they are looking for is how cheap is the real estate and many people can they sucker in to accept their team .
i 'm concerned from what op 's posted here it sounds like he 's taking a wait and see approach instead of communicating with her .
if she 's backing off sex due to menopause or hormonal related issues it could be possible to fix if she knows op 's not happy with 1x a month .
i have visited the 85th and hosmer camp with feed the people .
unfortunately when you present the actual reality and human faces of the homeless you are drowned out by a chorus of thanks for enabling the criminals ! ''
those people just want to live like that ! ''
why do n't you let them camp in your yard ? ! ''
all things said to me over and over and over whenever i have spoken about the things in the article .
that 's why we just have to fight these people by keeping alive the very people they are trying to kill with their hate .
https youtu.be/nca0gulpkxo get the armour from the nest a choice livery and saddle .
then color match henry with plate armour and visored helmet long sword for reach and shield to help block arrows and some strikes on the left .
and laugh that no one else thought to bring a horse .
if only doug had won he would have only fucked up toronto instead of all of ontario .
it 's definitely a swing state now i do n't think that is even a question .
if it is trending towards the democrats or will it stay in this limbo remains to be seen but my money is it will likely become at least a lean dem state in the next few cycles .
just look at what happened statewide in 2018 katie hobbs was the first dem to win an sos election since 1990 .
kathy hoffman was the first dem to win secretary of public institution since 1994 .
kyrsten sinema was the first dem to win a senate race since 1988 .
then from there biden won in 2020 and mark kelly improving on his showing from 2020 in what was a more difficult year for democrats is an indicator of that .
so too is them perhaps winning the governorship since 2006 .
the state house going to 31r/29d in 2020 and staying there this year keeps it at the closest its been since they last held the chamber in 1966 .
the 16r/14d split in the state senate is going to hold again the best showing since it was tied in 2002 .
i really do n't see how you could draw any other conclusions from that data .
new album is amazing do n't care what anyone says .
saying an album is amazing does n't make you a yes man .
being a sheep and hating something or someone just because others hate it/tell you to hate it points at you it 's nice to try something different every band evolves and only the toxic people would expect them to be as heavy as iowa in every single album .
if they were they would have faded into obscurity years ago .
and you deserve to be banned for this horribile stantment !
it 's not the majority religion either anti-abortion evangelicals are actually a minority of the population but the us caters to conservatives a lot more than they deserve .
and my intj bf broken up with me after 3 months because i like to debate/argue a lot ?
i dated an entp guy one time we were both 18 btw and he debated all the time .
it was really fun to debate sometimes but he did it so much and with every topic possible that it was just exhausting .
i think that was kind of a way for him to demonstrate affection and interest but tbh everyone also likes to have chill conversations and not be questioned about every single thing they do even if the reason to do so is stupid .
he was also kinda close minded so no matter what was my argument he did n't take it seriously
so if instead of laying off those workers you put them to work on new projects that open new opportunities .
overall economic activity goes up but unemployment stays the same .
it is all a very interesting topic but never forget that all of what underpins it is sociology .
this is why bubbles form and recessions happen etc .
if it was n't underpinned by sociology then it would be extremely predictable which it 's not .
ya our redzone offense has not been great in a few games .
being a football hero is unfortunately a big deal in georgia apparently .
almost as big a deal as being an actual pastor at the successor to mlkjr 's church .
personal foul ... defense like ok we 'll just take the ball back .
the bookshelves are by dieter rams and i 've coveted them for years .
they 're iconic for a reason highly customizable super secure and they let the books/decor do the talking .
plus they 're perfect for a midcentury/70s aesthetic like jenna 's .
everything in her apartment was clearly very meticulously chosen .
if someone truly wanted to do you harm yeah i think they would
eagles read all the giants comments and was like now we will slaughter washington
why tf you wasting a potion after taking such little damage in the first place .
if you 're a data analyst the task count page on geoworkerz shows that it runs from monday to sunday .
it did n't reset on saturday it just displays the next week for some reason .
why should i care about the uk 's fake made up history ?
yep shader quality i didnt have any crash since changing that
i had an elderly gentleman tell me that the light was n't for me to see with .
it was put there by him for him to see what i was doing !
that 's an issue between them and their doctor and not for you to opine on .
they are opposites of one another their cognitive functions are switched .
if you have one you kind of have the other .
everyone knows jalen hurts squats like 1,200 lbs on a bad day ... you are not stopping that man when he goes low on a qb sneak .
unfortunately your submission has been removed because it is primarily a legal discussion r/personalfinance/about/rules .
r/legaladvice can help you determine if you need to contact a lawyer and you may get some basic advice .
while r/legaladvice can sometimes offer basic advice talking to a local attorney is the best way to answer any legal questions .
if this was definitely not a legal question you may repost without sued '' in the title of your post .
please only post personal finance questions or discussions on r/personalfinance though .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/personalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
these are the types of things adults pretend we do n't notice .
you can take the child 's path and freak out about it or you can do what you already knew was right and keep your mouth shut then mock the shit out of him a couple years down the road .
this is like when a kid breaks into their mom 's expensive makeup and colors with it
tbf i doubt man spamming parries randomly will be low parrying everything on read
snap a photo and take it to your local hardware store .
the fellows at clark devon always know what to do when i have these kinds of questions .
i put a new weather strip on our backdoor last year and it changed the temperature of our whole railroad style apartment .
shangela danced to jlo taylor swift spice girls pussycat dolls tina turner katy perry and now lady gaga ?
so do we think it 's gon na be a gym or a hotel live
my lender asked for the same docs over and over .
it 's annoying but you just got ta do it if you want the house .
i guess i 'll have to give it to gintoki for the longest time i wondered about how takasuki would end up with panties on his head every time i saw the last episode thumbnail
would love to meet some other cm writers on this sub !
the difference is relative even while aiming down sights .
all i 'm saying is that super90 has better accuracy and it shines under certain condition .
it does n't necessarily mean that it 's better than aa12 though just that it has it 's merits under very specific condition .
if she was bigger she would n't need to release a remix of a song just to stay number 1 off just the strength of the song she prolly would 've been closer to the 3-4 spot
i told my last ltr guy that i loved him after 3 months and then i panicked and yelled i have to pee and ran away to the bathroom 🤣i guess it was odd because i said it when we were having sex without thinking even though i 'd thought it in my mind a million times previous .
later he said just because i ca n't say it back does n't mean i do n't feel it . ''
he told me he loved me after 6 months and it was nice because i did n't pressure him or anything .
the last guy i dated was for 6 months and neither of us said it .
i 'm 27 and it 's half and half among people i know in my age group tbh i 'm surprised you would be that surprised
what exactly happened to our '' satori that shit sure ai n't working 😂
damn it would be dope to have a left tackle again
i 'll be able to trade around 7:45 if that 's ok
it takes more than just the same mid range drivers to make them have the same sound signature the tweeters crossovers cabinet design ect are all very different
thankfully mine does but will still be covering the deductible .
they just asked for photos it 's so common place an appraiser is n't coming out .
there 's a video of this same duo in my local community groups where they are about to go in on a prius and a car drives up and spooks them off .
when syndra pulls fiddlesticks from the bench he does n't cast despite losing health until the threshold .
so far most of my runs end early because the opponent spawns in with 1 ravens then another raven next turn and i either do n't have enough power to kill them outright or deal enough direct damage to counter balance their damage .
wolf cub is a good counter but i need to have drawn it .
you take 1 damage but you kill the raven .
mostly it 's needing 3 power 1 cost cards in your deck otherwise you 're mostly dead .
i 'm struggling to think of a card that can timely deal with raven and apply positive pressure because you already know they will spawn who knows what after the two initial ravens
hi i am a new zealand male living in melbourne who is looking for a lady who enjoys cuddling
any recommendation for one day visit to yosemite this month ?
i 'm pretty new to computer stuff but i 'm majoring in motion design which includes 3d modeling and i 'm looking to invest in a beefier system to support my projects since my macbook pro laptop 2019 struggles to efficiently run cinema4d it 's even worse when i also have after effects open .
for this current project i 'm working on i can only run cinema4d for like an hour and a half before it starts slowing down on me and/or freezing up ... and god forbid i use the volume builder and volume mesh tools sometimes when using these it completely freezes and gives me the spinning wheel of death and i have to force quit or wait 20 minutes for it to stop .
i know it could probably be fixed by clearing up some space on my hard drive or limiting what software i have open all at once but at most i usually just have discord cinema4d adobe after effects and google chrome i use a lot of tabs tho open all at once .
this may seem like quite a bit but i like to multitask and be able to switch easily from one application to the other since i tend to use all of them consistently in my work flow .
and even when i close all of those tabs and applications except for c4d it does n't seem to make much of a difference .
basically what i 'm wondering is which computer should i invest in if i want all of these programs to run more smoothly and efficiently ?
with less risk of crashes and loss of lots of hard work ?
i save frequently but the freezing and lagging is really frustrating and discouraging especially when i have deadlines to meet .
the problem is i really like mac/apple specifically because i 've used it my whole life and am most familiar with it lol i know people will shake their heads at this and i want a mac desktop computer because it will make it easier to transition between my laptop and pc since icloud shares files with other devices .
for example if i saved a new file on my laptop it would save in real time to my desktop as well .
but it seems like most computers out there like this https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b07wq68vr8/ref=as_li_qf_asin_il_tl ? ie=utf8 tag=bestforphotog-20 or this https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b07nv267c8/ref=as_li_qf_asin_il_tl ? ie=utf8 tag=bestforphotog-20 are only compatible with windows .
i 've heard that you can install windows on a mac desktop or mac monitor i 'm talking about something like this https www.bestbuy.com/site/24-imac-with-retina-4-5k-display-apple-m1-8gb-memory-256gb-ssd-latest-model-blue/6450916.p ? skuid=6450916 ref=212 loc=1 extstoreid=1084 ref=212 loc=1 gclid=cj0kcqiasdkbbhdharisanj6-jfowdo-vbrtfxcfzuvlod43pntym_yp7iaxlnervowne63d1i9brlqaalo7ealw_wcb gclsrc=aw.ds but i 'm wondering if these computers would be compatible with a mac desktop with windows installed or are they only compatible with monitors that are entirely windows ?
or would i be better off just getting a regular ol ' mac monitor on its own without one of those builds ?
would it still be able to efficiently run the programs i want without crashing or freezing or would i need something like a gaming pc like the ones i linked above if it even runs with a mac monitor in the first place ?
better yet if i could get a beefy gaming desktop that 's compatible with my laptop mac is that even possible ?
and would i need anything else to make these devices more compatible with each other ?
i 'm just very lost in this whole process and desktops and monitors are expensive so i want to make sure i know what i 'm getting and which path i should take .
essentially i want to get a mac desktop https www.bestbuy.com/site/24-imac-with-retina-4-5k-display-apple-m1-8gb-memory-256gb-ssd-latest-model-blue/6450916.p ? skuid=6450916 ref=212 loc=1 extstoreid=1084 ref=212 loc=1 gclid=cj0kcqiasdkbbhdharisanj6-jfowdo-vbrtfxcfzuvlod43pntym_yp7iaxlnervowne63d1i9brlqaalo7ealw_wcb gclsrc=aw.ds for accessibility purposes but i also want to know if a gaming pc https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b07nv267c8/ref=as_li_qf_asin_il_tl ? ie=utf8 tag=bestforphotog-20 is compatible with mac or even worth getting if i get a mac desktop .
sorry if this post was incoherent or confusing or lacking certain tech jargon i 'm just not experienced with this stuff and need a little guidance .
i just want to be able to run the programs i need for work and school efficiently and without too many kinks .
a place for members of r/letsgetadog to chat with each other
i 've tried to use my edge explore on extended days out and am considering getting rid .
i first downloaded the relevant garmin maps for where i live and then plotted a couple of routes using the route planner feature on ride with gps .
i uploaded these routes to my edge explore and they were both found by the device .
on the day of the ride i rode to the route and the device initiated the course and all was ok for a couple of minutes .
on the first ride all i then kept getting was the annoying tap to go back '' message every 30 seconds which completely marred the 5 hour ride .
my second ride did n't feature the tap to go back '' message but did get completely ruined by the route calculation error '' flashing up every 30 seconds and almost entirely covering the map .
any ideas or advice before i consign it to the bin ?
as of last week we used to be able to edit all items in specific categories at once .
i am wondering if ebay intentionally removed this functionality ?
for example lets say you have 1000 items in category a b c and d. 250 items in each category .
lets say i want to increase handling time by 2 days on all items in category b and d. i used to be able to click the drop down and check b and d. it would show me all the categories from only those categories 500 items in this example .
now when i do this i have to edit all my listings across all categories .
if you have over 200 items in a single category you can no longer edit all of them in one go .
you 'd have to edit the first 200 and then edit the next 200 .
essentially it means i have to bulk edit '' 6 times .
someone please tell me these is a way to edit all listings not 200 at a time from specific categories still ...
whoever studied a bit of film making of us knows that voice over is deemed as a big nono and usually seemed as a cheap way to show the inner thoughts of characters .
what do you think will happen in the eventual adaptation ?
will they make our beloved characters talk to others their inner thoughts ?
can you imagine glokta say to one of his practicals his inner thoughts instead of a voiceover ?
some of them i can see showen through good acting some through dialogue but a lot are so good that to give up on them seems like a big loss .
edit decided that it also might be interesting to link some other types of voice overs that might work .
i think that fleebag type of voice over might work for glokta .
looking straight to the camera breaking the forth wall and talking hies thoughts .
it also might be a good exercise to anyone here that study screenwriting to see how he/she can adapt these scenes i might try it myself
a funny example which shows a vo and also talks about a story without resolution and movement aka the blade itself https youtu.be/kqghnnlmerg
hi guys im a dutch student looking for a thesis project in saigon !
its always been a dream of mine to work there yet online it has been proven pretty difficult to find so far .
sup everyone my grow tent rn stays at about 60 rh .
my dehumidifier i have in there is tiny and i only spent like 40 on it so it really does n't work and shuts off automatically so i 'm looking to get something better for when i flip to flower ideally around like 100 200 range .
as the posts and ideas in front of the apologies of the above words love is the last one in all words
i 've never had chipotle due to allergies but today i tried it and my brother was like you 're gon na have diarrhea later. i did n't believe him and laughed it off .
i 've been on the toilet for about 45 minutes now .
this is one of the questions most people in india would be confused to answer .
in short we can say that a smart home is a house equipped with a number of devices which automate tasks normally handled by humans .
smart devices can be operated via mobile applications voice commands automation or artificial intelligence .
some of the devices can come preinstalled with your home and some can be added later by homeowners .
today the smart home technology has brought an entire new set of features and functions to the home intercom system .
today 's smart home devices are faster smaller and far more capable than the basic plug and play systems available earlier .
onetouch brings you smart video door intercom to make your home a smart one .
our doorbell intercom systems allows to have conversation with their visitors with the touch of a button and can even open the door with the help of authorization .
doorbell intercom systems allow us to talk to visitors using our telephone or a smartphone .
an intercom or door entry system is installed outside instead of our regular doorbell and when a visitor rings the bell our phone rings and then we can talk to the person at our front door .
there are several other optional add-on accessories and locks so that the door lock can be opened and locked with a single keystroke .
smart home control offers many unique ways and models of wireless video intercom systems allowing us to communicate with one two or more doors/devices .
there can be many situations such as maybe we do n't want to get up physically to speak to someone at the door and look via spyhole who 's there .
we all lead busy lives and the technology exists to get more done with less efforts and today 's intercom is n't just audio we can integrate video too so that we can see who 's on the doorstep without getting off the treadmill or sofa interact with visitors and can even open the door for them .
onetouch smart intercom systems can take the comfort level or convenience to the next level by integrating with your existing security devices and cctv systems providing seamless ways to interact with people inside or outside your home .
smart home is a must need for today 's world when the crime ratio is increasing .
if you are looking to upgrade your current home security or want to install a new video door intercom then look no further than onetouch devices .
for more information visit our website https www.discreet.co.in https www.discreet.co.in
having your home wired for a quality intercom system was something which was not considered affordable but now the wires have been cut smart intercom devices have entered a new era of accessibility .
we can now say goodbye to our cable clutters .
today 's smart home intercom system are slim and can be easily fit into your home .
i began to think about how our fathers affect our lives .
fathers tend to be a compass for what a man should be and how we should be within the world .
good fathers how to be a good man where bad fathers are an example of what not to be .
whereas the lack of a father leaves open more possibilities for what the influence shall be .
but on the topic of fathers or in this case weak ones how does that affect men ?
not all the time but allot of the time .
how many times how we found out the guy we graduated school with who beat his wife learned that from his dad ?
on the opposite side of the weak father spectrum how often do we hear men say the saying happy wife happy life . ''
let me go sleep on the couch because mom is mad i did n't go do something ridiculous for her .
i know guys who had to sleep on the couch because they did n't pay for a girls night or buy some item .
ones a guy trying to dominate his wife with his fist the other is a guy being dominated by his wife .
as fathers allot of us tend to have failures in some way or another .
with me i 'm not there as often as i would like to be and i suffer for it .
my father failed to explain things so at times i would hate him for it .
usually the child looks to them as a superhero .
the sons will emulate and the daughters will pick their husband off the example of dad .
i have seen families led by strong men of all different economic racial religious backgrounds .
and followed suit even if they thought dad was being unreasonable .
a bit of weird crossover but my next character for dungeons and dragons is a gay or bisexual cattle rancher that privately writes romance novels .
he is a bit socially awkward having been raised mostly on a cattle ranch and is going to the big city to learn magic at a hogwarts type school .
i need your recommendations on books to read for inspiration and quotes for my character to use !
i 've saved more books on here than i can ever get through but i should have time during the thanksgiving holidays to get some reading done in private !
a place for members of r/fashionmadness to chat with each other
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
gaming with he aim of 1440p 120 hz high settings .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
wired and/or wifi if wifi is needed and you would like to find the fastest match for your wireless router please list any specifics .
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
any suggestions to lower the price would be appreciated as well as any flaws that we missed .
is it mandatory for new ek employees to take the company accommodation ?
visit article https www.reuters.com/technology/musk-says-twitters-blue-check-subscription-be-relaunched-nov-29-2022-11-15 from reuters grade a https www.newswall.org/w/reuters.com/rating or alternatively
financial times a https www.newswall.org/w/ft.com/rating elon musk 's twitter on ‘collision course ' with eu regulators https www.ft.com/content/a8281bf4-bd83-42ac-875f-9061ee1b357b
insider b https www.newswall.org/w/businessinsider.com/rating musk announces relaunch of twitter blue on november 29 https www.businessinsider.com/musk-announces-relaunch-of-twitter-blue-on-november-29-2022-11
washington post b https www.newswall.org/w/washingtonpost.com/rating musk issues ultimatum to staff commit to ‘hardcore ' twitter or take severance https www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2022/11/16/musk-twitter-email-ultimatum-termination
metro d https www.newswall.org/w/metro.co.uk/rating musk announces date for twitter 's £7 blue check subscription relaunch https metro.co.uk/2022/11/16/musk-announces-date-for-twitters-7-blue-check-subscription-relaunch-17767416
more musk to relaunch twitter 's ... https www.newswall.org/story/musk-announces-relaunch-of-twitter-blue-on-november-29 faq grades https www.reddit.com/r/newswall/comments/uxgfm5/faq_newswall_bot i 'm a bot
currently we have gymnastics on a saturday for the two older boys .
my little girl does an after-school club on a thursday and i 'm trying to get her into one on a monday .
i have her signed up for the winter holidays for an activity week .
and we go to the park when it 's nice weather .
a place for members of r/memes1038 to chat with each other
this is of course targeted at those who do want to get married
on xbox series x has anyone else noticed that from time to time character models and doors will shimmer ?
i turned all the graphical options off except for the streaming and the cas .
i know this is an interesting one and maybe never asked before .
i 'm really curious what are your not favorite episodes but names ?
idk what is this but since 3 hours i hear this sound https vimeo.com/771519095 https vimeo.com/771519095 randomly nothing triggers it it normally comes .
i was using idkr i reinstalled it and it did n't change i tried the normal client but nothing happened .
me 28m and my girlfriend 29f are looking for a uni to join us in some fun tonight .
come grab some dinner drinks then come back to the hotel room for some fun .
i 've seen a shit ton of people complaining about many things like the absence of a server browser dice playlist choice in aow or certain specialists weapons vehicles and gadgets .
which make me wonder why nobody use portal a mode that can resolve all these problems 🤔
way more gamemodes than aow with the exception of breakthrough sadly .
the option to remove the specialist/weapon/vehicle that annoys you .
a game editor that is constantly updated with new stuff .
also for 10€ you can keep your server up after you leave which is a steal compared to previous games .
it went away when i saved closed the game then relaunched .
disclaimer i have seen similar posts in the subreddit but could n't find a solution for my specific problem in them .
i need bottled ectoplasm and i was able to complete the event the first time it was introduced .
however i ca n't seem to be able to trigger the event for the second time .
it 's been more than a possible cool down time since the event was first triggered
i read somewhere that i should be able to talk to jacob at night while everyone else is asleep .
again i read someplace else that being in special zones rain etc might make the event unavailable .
i tried in neutral zones so it still is n't happening .
i am at a point in the story where i can travel at night .
any help is much appreciated because this is frustrating me thanks !
i 'm a clairaudient and clairvoyant reader available for readings .
i do not use any cards or pendulums or scrying methods but rely solely on my channeling and reading energies in my readings .
please send me a message if you feel drawn to me as a reader and i would be happy to have a chat .
all my readings are done over reddit chat so that you can always revisit the conversation and process our reading .
please note these are paid readings with set prices .
there are some things i would n't read for your prior understanding is appreciated and respected !
you can take a look at my reviews at r/imightbeabugreviews as feedback regarding my readings ☺️
search for all deleted posts https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=title 3aaskjeeves14 restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all include_over_18=on by this author
my boyfriend two children and i just moved into our first own apartment and realized there are some things we do n't have at the new place/are running low on .
we typically have much more of a cushion but with the move we 've been a little more than tight .
i 'm willing to cooperate 100 with the lender .
for my party 's encounter with sephek i 'm planning on them being able to find him in an abandoned barn/cottage as that is where he normally sleeps but i 'm having trouble finding a map that fits .
has anyone had any luck or know of a map that might fit this description ?
all the good traits you have that a normal person would cherish are totally tarnished .
healthy version i 'll stay with you in the good and the bad .
so long as we have each other 's back i 'll be there
unhealthy my sense of loyalty will lead me to stay with you .
even when it is against my own interests and hurting me .
the idea of leaving when it suits me seems wrong and i wo n't do it .
healthy i choose to trust you because i believe in you and i believe in us .
i hope that sense of trusts gives you confidence and you know i 'm always there for you .
it always me to exploit you and really it 's your own fault for being so gullible .
if you did n't choose to ignore all my obvious red flags we would n't be in this mess .
people are complicated and i want to understand your point of view because i know it 's not so black and white .
understanding you will help me understand why you did what you did and move forward .
unhealthy you try too hard to rationalise my behaviour .
really your empathy is just selfishness cloaked in self righteousness to defend yourself .
i want to respect you and admit i made a mistake .
i hope you forgive me and we can be stronger for it .
you always knew you were wrong and you 're only saying it now to get what you want .
it 's pathetic you would crumble and go back on yourself so quickly .
it 's hard to remember but your good traits are really fucking good .
in the 2018 game it 's l2+r1 for whirlwind and l2+r2 for storm when you 're without the axe .
now they decided to make it l1 instead of l2 so if by mistake you thought you were without the axe but were actually with it in hand and then you press l1+r1/r2 congrats you just wasted a light or heavy runic attack 😃 !
the l2+r1/r2 combination was perfect because it would make it impossible for accidental runic attacks to happen in case you had the axe in hand .
the worst possible scenario would be an accidental axe throw instead of a returning whirlwind/storm .
is there any way to change it back to how it was in the 2018 game ?
it seems like 90 of the setups that i see with vinyl storage use ikea kallax or similar cubes with the gear sitting on top of it .
this might sound like a stupid question but ... . how do you actually use a setup like that ?
it seems like it would be a nightmare to have to kneel down and then browse through records from the side instead of flipping through them from the top .
do people generally still keep one empty crate on the side and fill it with just the records they are going to use and the cubes are just for storage ?
i am asking because i 'm starting to look for a better solution than random boxes that i am using now but it seems like cubes are the main option and they would be a downgrade in workflow ?
i 'm missing a parent signature for my fafsa according to my dashboard for one of my schools the deadline to apply with all financial aid materials is today for ea
everything else is in and i submitted two weeks ago .
will i be moved to rd just bc of it or will they still consider me for ea ?
i am pumped to see what he is doing with no shift .
i think my steam version is the one with football shirt
no bro you 're wrong 😄 this video is mine i posted it 2 days ago but i deleted it yesterday because i did n't liked the title .
interesting things to learn and interesting problems to solve .
also is it true/confirmed if ukraine has been keeping funds with ftx ?
that 's all good happy to have more kind people in ohio .
this is what happened after the blackout on the sopranos finale .
google told me they received mine on thurs last week .
usps still says mine is in transit today going on wednesday .
it is she 's also a professional cliff diver .
you can see the red bull cliff dive logo behind her
that 's relevant for low impedance or low sensitivity speakers rather than high end '' speakers .
there are different room correction systems and different tiers of capability under the same branding like audyssey '' dirac '' or ypao '' .
unfortunately ypao does very little correcting in bass frequencies where the most egregious room impacts lie .
audyssey multeq xt32 and dirac live full range are much more capable but are only offered on avrs 1100 these days .
netflix writing all over the wall with netflix movie in theatres
they used to be a well liked company to order bulk ammo from and right as the riot covid season started they jacked up prices immediately .
so many other better companies out there now to buy from that also offer free shipping from time to time
it 's crazy how we get robbed in every public infrastructure available .
you have okay access to the city and the cooler parts of mid-county without a soul-crushing commute .
it 's not the same in each different geographic area .
the pay is all over the place for different states for each company .
oh if thats what you mean unfortunately your laptop is n't as powerful as the xbox series x so it wont be the same .
today i learned that people always have to give their crappy opinions just to argue .
and honestly no one will make me hate my new purchase
no novel reader spoilers ? 😭 edit i went ahead and looked on the spoiler page and ! i think he turns back to his original near the very end ? ?
i 'm not sure bc the comment was slightly confusing ! here 's a screenshot of the comment here https i.postimg.cc/vn6008gt/3-b927-d66-fa15-4952-9873-9-ddff6-e82123.jpg
the breed of dog that was released before testing had been completed .
bro ... .parking in garages are clutch on entrance .
my account information log in email and phone number detailed sequence of events time stamps of emails copied emails received from facebook how long i 've been on facebook exactly how this is impacting my life business mental health etc .
nothing amazing about my letter but it was truthful and heartfelt .
i 'll lick finger and fuck your pussy and ass baby
i have one of these p3 in my a4 the little left button should change the function .
if you hold both buttons it will bring you to a configuration menu .
everything is an abbreviation though due to the limit of the display so it 's best to find a manual for your specific unit .
you 're safer at a hospital that can give you a sedative and send you home .
election in the spring for 2 of the board seats ! !
we need to hold them to keep the 3 person minority and sandi walker has her whole mega church voting for her/whoever she endorses .
indeed not so much up for locking very down though .
do you know the type of instrument that 's prominently used in this piece ?
i 'm a complete newbie when it comes to music and i just thought it might be actually the reason i 'm interested in it and not the genre itself .
making small talk with familiar faces knowing you can say some things in a man-only zone hat you ca n't say at the office etc .
i have a well something named max does that count ?
i do n't know if there is any script or program that allows stacking now
and readers are allowed to have their opinions and voice them even if they 're negative
and writers are equally allowed to deny individual comments which is why ao3 has that functionality .
iirc earthbound would n't let you know you had a cracked copy until the very end of the very long game .
the final boss would lecture you about pirating games and then wipe your save slots .
way too many people forget the subata can have enormous weakpoint damage
they purposely gave out more codes than the amount of seats available .
they knew what they were doing and now that i 'm thinking about it i can see how having more people in at the same time will build the large demand making the fluctuating priced tickets be higher than if the demand was lower at that same moment in time .
and then people see so little seats available freak out and buy very expensive seats they would n't have otherwise .
i kept trying to buy 900 seats only thing available on the floor and they would always say i got beaten to it .
i simply do n't believe such a huge amount of people would be willing to spend that much .
the financial planning association has a search feature to find a financial planner here https fpa.com.au/find-a-planner https fpa.com.au/find-a-planner
in reading some of the suggestions below i 'd also add you may want to consider whether estate tax planning is important to you .
for example if you are self-employed or have/plan to have kids then thinking ahead for generational wealth may be of benefit .
uber maintains the following auto insurance on your behalf in case of a covered accident
third-party liability if your personal auto insurance does n't apply¹
uber maintains the following auto insurance on your behalf in case of a covered accident
up to actual cash value of car with a 2,500 deductible
enjoy the community and please follow our rules especially rule 2
promoting any social media in the title or comments is forbidden .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/premiumcheeks if you have any questions or concerns .
yer i 'm stuck on l8 raptor is a must for 7 and think i used the b class zenos for twisty how close does the rs get ?
i need to further upgrade both the r8 drag and maybach handling to get through l8 so u will need these anyway unless ur rs can beat the cayenne others would know more just my thoughts
even though i do n't have autism i have adhd and i know the struggles of it .
i read your post.. and this person did n't ask you for anything serious .
and just because they caught feelings for you does n't mean they wanted anything more than a fling with you .
you cut things off because you found out they caught feelings from a 3rd party .
you 're asking opinions if you should reach out to this person because you 're lonely and ca n't find anyone else to fuck ... .that 's very selfish .
and as i said before ... do this person a favor and stay out of their life .
ca n't kick to the back so people tend to stand in very long sideways stances and use fencing footwork which completely changes the game .
naa they are perfect even pop up on your screen as real if you have iphone 13 and under
someone critisizes leadership and the leaders response is to immediately fire them .
yeah does n't mean the reason they were fired was the criticism .
buy the developer a coffee https kofi.regexr.tech or support this project monthly https patreon.regexr.tech
nah man the network does n't make them stupid the people on cnn are just as dumb .
i 'm gon na say it 's because she 's blonde .
i love to sniff my thumb after pulling it out of her asshole ... .
i can connect with the essence of the deepest part of her
idk what 's with hosts and furled fingers forcing the same ash of war on weapons thinking that the invader wo n't just interrupt it again repeatedly .
i 've invaded where it was just me and the host and they kept forcing whatever ability they had on their weapon .
they did n't even do a regular attack just l2 spam .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
not something that has happened to any race or ethnicity at any point in human history making all comparisons between dog breeds extremely tenuous at best .
i was 23 when i first had sex and was very behind for social skills life skills and sexual adventures .
it was with my first serious boyfriend in college and now im 26 .
my bf had been with several people before me and i know that as hes much older but he didnt have any feelings about me being a virgin .
he was kind sweet and made sure i was comfortable .
i actually even threw up on him and bled on his bed during my period and he still was so kind .
so dont think someone wont be kind understanding or feel any certain way about it .
as far as waiting til having a serious relationship that all depends on your wants .
do you want to have casual sex and just meet people then id say tinder is a good place be safe of course and meet people on there and for the forst one explain its a first experience for you but that youd like it to be nice and comfortable etc youd he surprised or on the flip side wait til you have a serious relationship and then youd sure to be comfortable .
either way do whats best for you and what you want and need at this point
i 'd absolutely love to read or hear your opinion if you get a chance to try it !
although i do n't hate the design i do agree with you .
it 's one thing to have him over just to hang out and introduce her to him but 3 nights ? ?
you need to do some research about anxiety because you clearly do n't understand how miserable she 'd be if there was a stranger in her house for 3 nights especially given the bathroom situation .
it 's not a double standard given her mental illness even if you do n't see it that way .
you can try asking her if it would help if she hung out with him a few times before he stays over just so she can get to know him before letting him stay that long .
but be understanding if she says no your brains work differently due to the anxiety .
this is a reminder that you will not be permitted to post pictures or links in this community from 1 august 2022 unless you are verified .
for more information on the requirements see verification https www.reddit.com/r/paypigsneedingdomme/comments/w0l9hc/from_1_august_2022_you_need_to_be_verified_to and to submit your required information to the mods send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpaypigsneedingdomme subject=verification 20required message=link 20to 20site 20or 20photoid 3a 0dlink 20to 20photo 20with 20name 20and 20date 3a 0drole 20domme 2c 20sub 20or 20partner 2fcontentcreator 3a 0dmore 20info .
this information can be found in our menu and sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/paypigsneedingdomme if you have any questions or concerns .
hi you seem to know about hood cambodian music .
my wife 's family listens to either traditional khmer music which is pleasant but i ca n't relate — or it 's the most obnoxious karaoke disco shit .
we 've had absolutely 0 development on what in the world lovinia is other than the namedrop in lab mythos .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
your post presents an original theory likely about numbers .
this sort of thing is best posted to r/numbertheory .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/math message=https www.reddit.com/r/math/comments/ywexav .
that 's kinda the issue with monopolies they do n't give you alternatives
uh ... so adolf when do you suppose you might shift gears from lazy saunter to sheizen !
the scarlet legendary looks good in general but the running animations with these 2 big wheels looks so shit .
i also like the violett version of mega man better scarlett blaster violett swords .
i will miss my tyranitar which is only in scarlett but a friend gets it and can send it to me
before photos of suspected kh-101 parts was found nearby .
you say that but every time i go it 's broken .
if it does need to wait few weeks or so since their official youtube channel uploading nikke 's track bit by bit
im begging for a big cock and balls bro to unload
yea that 's not totaled then it 's worth too much to be totaled .
todays car market makes that car worth over 30k which short of rolling it over hard to totaling out .
no one cares about your comments you are just a repost bot i do n't see the harm in that
vs good hunters you wo n't do much damage focus on the weakest links or wait until the book and kill the book .
usually with a good premade or just a good team in general you wo n't win by killing survivors .
the goal before the book is to deplete their shemp/amulets not win the game outright .
i 'm in the same boat after two rounds of antibiotics i still feel the pain pressure and discomfort in the bladder and it 's been 12weeks already .
my urologist thinks that this is not ic as people with ic ca n't hold more than 120ml of urine .
trump is in it for trump and nobody else just like every other politician
uh oh sounds like someone got dumped by their stoner girlfriend .
i 've said he demonstrates more traits of the antichrist than a typical human but cult members conveniently forget thou shall have no idol before me .
a ton of loneliness finding out who i am and just responsibilities i do n't think i can handle .
it 's mainly the lonliness thing i have absolutely zero friends at my highschool and the few i do have are only online since we all went to different schools this year .
sitting everyday with no one to talk to really puts a weight on you even when i get home it 's nothing .
i just get home change eat dinner alone then play video games or do homework until it 's time to go to sleep .
i have to let it all out here at midnight since everything throughout the day just drags on .
that was one of the scariest movies i 've ever seen .
i 've watched fucking everything i ca n't believe this was the one to do it for me .
wait till you learn where pikachu 's name comes from 🙄
you are so gorgeous and sexy so perfect baby !
and i get to give you head by wrapping my arms around your silky booty and eating your tasty pussy baby !
yo i missed out what was the conformation that theyre a couple now ?
i downloaded this livery from that site and also what 's gon na be in that update ?
this design is ruined when you install a front plate
almost a half of those arriving at ellis island were sent back .
this sub is for approved and verified original content oc only .
any user who is not approved and verified with the mod team will have their post removed by the bot
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwoutfits if you have any questions or concerns .
is 141 for ljr jordan 4 travis is too much money ?
lot of folks in this thread are assuming it 's a single person .
if it 's a botched robbery two or more attackers could have easily been involved .
reminder that in the 1990s a former marine reserve 0844 from california moved back to somalia and became a warlord https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hussein_farrah_aidid
they need to give the whole thing a dismal brown wash and decrease view distance to account for dust and smog .
9 of his home runs are only because he plays in that ballpark .
still a great player but you got ta look at all the angles
slick rubber gloves those yellow ones you use for doing dishes
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetloversheaven if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe we will get a unovan form in the inevitable b/w remakes .
that 'll be awesome but it might step on krookadiles toes a bit
nononono when it says matrix evolution there your heart comes out with everything and underwear !
gender '' in linguistics is just categories of words that behave '' in similar ways .
for example it might affect how their spelling works or how their conjugation goes .
i do n't know russian but in the previous example given by the other poster i 'm willing to bet that the word gender you use determines what 's the subject or object in the sentence which provides clarity in a way that does n't exist in english .
we rely more on ordering the words in a particular pattern to get meaning but that information can be communicated in a different way in other languages .
there are languages where word order does n't communicate the same thing as it does in english like korean for example which instead uses particles you can glom onto words .
this is the problem with talking about gender '' in language ... it 's not the same at all as gender '' in social studies .
i been listening to too much ny drill that first bit sounds like a bar 😭
these heretical denominations were pro-slavery because they were comprised of leaving the sacred tradition .
i wish i could say i 've never seen someone so ignorant speak on a topic so confidently .
he was the only christian voice with an appropriate response to slavery .
a position that was repudiated by his synod 's council .
a position that prevented him receiving the title of doctor of the church .
a position that no other church father also held .
st. gregory is also just as much a part of the lutheran tradition as he is the orthodox tradition or the roman one .
the roman catholic church was a major supporter of slavery throughout the age of discovery and beyond .
oh that 's right we 're on an article talking about the mormon church .
putting all the interdenominational bigotry you just tossed out in greater light .
you ca n't reason with someone who 's grieving .
they tend to take the easy way out and blame the easiest to blame and in this case it 's atreus .
i 'm not say what he did was right but i think it 's a very human reaction .
honestly i thought that initially but the splash did n't take that long after the first guy jumped .
it 's hard to get a read on how high it is .
yeah charizard and whatever really skewed my perception of who was gon na win this one .
depending on the condition shipping and how badly a person really wants it .
one of my first sneak characters got up to sneak 100 from stealth killing a lot of civillians .
sure fucking do and it 's way less than the cost of the life/lives lost as well as the pr disaster that ensues .
have n't seen anybody mention it yet so los angeles .
i know i know la is famous for rich people movie stars expensive restaurants and designer clothes .
all of that popular stuff all in one area .
la county is huge and the city is incapable of supporting the sheer never of people who live there .
several major highway/freeways expressway/motorways have been under heavy construction for over a decade so traffic is horrendous .
the cost of living is horrendous making it very easy to become poor and very difficult to stop being poor so the homeless population is insane also highly aggressive and the drug problems are nuts .
between the lack of police and the overabundance of racist police officers drugs gangs poor infrastructure not to mention the awful air-quality due to all the traffic coupled with the horrendous consumer-culture driven by the rich and famous los angeles is easily the worst city in the united states you might be able to make a case for new york city being the worst city for all the same reasons but new york city is also colder than a witch 's tit during the winter so the homeless are n't on the street 365 days a year .
jesus christ 200 obols the murder castle must be huge then
i once knew a stripper that claimed she was the peggy pepper
another reason to hate apartheid south africa it brought a bad connotation to the orange-white-blue tricolor
check out our sister subs r/bbwthighs and r/bbwchubbies for more chubby goodness .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bbwbush if you have any questions or concerns .
i watch as you pull your top aside and moan again from the cocks filling me they might hear you if you come closer sis come get a good look at them ! ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/germansgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
nasser and the vast majority of arab leaders politicians radio hosts etc .
were very clear in the ultimate objective of conquering israel and 'driving the jews into the sea .
just because there had n't been an israeli-flagged ship in the straits for 2 years does n't mean its ok to blocade a foreign nations port and this is where you have to be able to think in somewhat more advanced notions than your currently exhibiting
massing forces on your own borders is not an act of war .
neither is making treaties with all neighboring countries of the one you are currently threatening .
all of these put together mean there will be a war .
especially when to any observer there was n't really anything for egypt to lose as they had nearly every possible advantage numbers infantry heavy weapons munitions tanks air force navy land size natural choke points in their own land between israel and cairo over a dozen allied nations sending forces to help the list goes on .
egypt blocaded a necessary passage to peaceful israeli shipping generally considered an act of war and not just any passage .
the passage upon which the tenuous peace of the past decade was contingent .
the passage that the us president along with several major world leaders declared its closing to be an act of war i 'm mentioning the world leaders here to show that it was n't just the books that call it an act of war but also realpolitik .
how much sand do you need to bury yourself in to believe that nasser was n't planning a massive war of destruction ? ?
how small-minded do you need to be to say that blocading another country is fine as long as they have n't used the passage in 2 years ?
nasser knew the un would pull out of sharm-el-sheikh u thant was pretty clear on it and went ahead with the expulsion anyway .
the fact that he said he wanted a token force to remain in a largely irrelevant corner of the sinai does n't at all mean he was n't going to start his war .
95-97 of the land conquered by israel was returned in exchange for peace with its neighbors .
the bit thats left is either necessary for basic safety e.g .
the golan heights which was used constantly by syrian forces to mortar civilians in northern israel or is too integral to the cultures the arab rulers were intent on destroying to trust them with e.g .
east jerusalem where the jordanians destroyed synagogues and churches while nowadays both churches and mosques are protected with pretty extreme measures .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
lmaoo totally deserved give update us and tell us how ur sister reacts
weird way to ask for questions andy but ok ...
how can genshin players be pedophiles if they themselves are mostly 14 year olds ?
it 's only a matter of time before something you do gets someone killed . ''
this submission was removed for breaking rule 3 reaction meme restrictions https www.reddit.com/r/animemes/wiki/extendedrules wiki_rule_3.3a_reaction_meme_restrictions .
text-based reaction memes are only allowed on weekends saturday and sunday utc time https time.is/utc .
they are defined as any situation described in text followed by an image s showing that situation or the direct results of that situation .
a reaction meme removed under this rule may be posted on the weekend and will not count as a repost .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically .
however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have questions or concerns about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
art sourse is a1so n33eded ... . or mods will steal your from ... ... ... you oshi ! ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/okbuddyhololive if you have any questions or concerns .
cool but instead of immediately being a dick about it how about you keep it religiously neutral like say i am thankful for this meal that you all have prepared and have graciously invited me to be a part of amen . ''
y'all are acting like they were throwing a bible at him .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrowdeletes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sorry but i 'm not going to make excuses as to why she would hang out with these two .
i would never associate with someone who was displaying even a couple of these toxic traits that they do
it 's not rude at all to expect people to be able to take care of their pets .
this dog is at-risk of infection which could become incredibly painful .
i 'd bet the dog 's already in an extreme amount of pain .
a car repair is not equivalent to a living creature that is entirely dependent on op for its well-being .
i 'm less concerned with op 's fucking feelings than i am about the suffering this dog is experiencing .
there are 146,000,000 people in russia and you 're the only one who has to make trouble .
okay..now that i finally got them all out cleo is my favorite but i do feel like they sorta gave her more attention than the others in fairness to my pick .
he saw an opportunity with two guys who had an idea but could n't execute on it throw a bunch of money at them the problem they were trying to solve created a vision people could buy into recruited smart people and revolutionized an industry .
that same industry that while they attempted a few times never really got behind an electric only fleet .
now most competitors have followed suit some of which committed to having only ev fleets now electric vehicles have such a wide adoption that states are confident they can ban new ice cars in 10 years .
he then had an idea to grow plants in a mini-greenhouse on another planet .
shopped around to make it happen and realized that rocket technology had n't changed in more than a decade so he then put money towards the problem recruited engineers scientists and a whole host of people with complementary skills revolutionized another industry and took the reduced the cost of launching a payload into space by 10 times .
he 's an asshole no doubt but that does n't diminish the achievements he made possible .
did he do it alone no he did n't but it is hard to say we would have the same outcomes if he had n't .
that is why a lot of people like him .
müssten so um die 15-20 sein einige gehen und sind alt andere sind komplett im arsch 😅 3 sind aktiv in benutzung .
i 'm probably gon na buy it very soon .
and there it is as predicted by so many !
i just feel like everything is a coincidence and that my mind is playing tricks on me which it is most of the times .
that 's why it 's hard to know when something is actually supernatural .
so just replacing the fans it came with with better stronger fans ?
that 's right a power level of 6 '' something like that
yeah with proximity chat and all the slurs your teammates can stand ...
if you want good open communication with a partner you need to encourage them to open up and feel that they can talk to you without judgement .
if you 're reacting negatively then yes they will probably feel judged and unable to communicate properly .
the result as you have seen is they shut down and argue .
now some things will be so terrible that you ca n't help react badly .
but other things you might need to resist the first reaction to react badly and judgementally .
you might need to change how you react and then change how you talk about these things in a more positive and thoughtful way .
that doesnt mean you are agreeing or validating these things .
it does n't mean you are not allowed to express how you feel .
it just means you 're handling it in a constructive way rather than a negative way .
that will promote communication discussion and sharing of views .
the doggo will live the rest of life with ptsd .
i made this sign larger than usual because my beloved is blind as a bat .
if you see someone with glasses as thick as coke glass point them my way . ''
unfortunately your submission has been removed due to the following rule
whether it is a self-post or a link be sure that whatever you are submitting adds to discussion .
whether it is news that has already been reported a discussion or point of view that has been beaten to death or an empty 'starting point ' for a conversation think about how you can add something instead .
be sure you 're creating something new rather than relying on others to create for you .
put in your own analysis argument or indexing methodology and write up a nice long post about the topic .
if you are new to football or the sub and have questions about rules or other aspects surrounding the game please try r/nflnoobs for these kinds of posts .
self posts without content askreddit style posts if you find information that you think would be interesting please work on a more descriptive title and fill in the information in the text of the post .
link to wiki https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/wiki/new/pickateam convince me to root for your team
meta posts about the sub requests for changes/additions mods or users use modmail http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnfl
lists/rankings top 10 x all-time/this year timeframe '' who 's the most over/underrated ''
if you have any questions about this removal please message the moderators .
this post was removed by a human moderator this comment was left by a bot .
i wish it meant jean sandals that would be ideal
sad thing is she does n't need the filters .
2/3 of those compensations are from people i did n't think were cheating as well .
completely agree that sara is beautiful she 's probably the reason why i fell in love with other actresses with a similar look ricki white kelly divine etc .
who has time to pay attention to someone else 's stupid sign ?
... but blue cosomos is one of like 3 different counter factions to zaft ?
why on earth do you have 5 gallons of almond milk
we cancelled on them and then they go and join our conference anyways
the boxes are huge i ca n't even get a full dragon species choice to fit in the window and there 's no way to zoom out .
i feel like i 'm reading this with my nose against my screen .
the color choice does n't seem to give the free breath attacks so i 'm forced to just account for it myself and ignore the negative final point total .
the tier purchases in features do n't seem to require the previous tier being purchased so you can just click on tier 3 and not pay for the first 2 .
between the lack of proper calculations and the unreadability i 'm just going back to the static .
hope this guy updates and improves this version though the more interactives of good cyoas the better .
this is my first season as well placed p2 .
i think it 's because i play the jungle and had over 1700 games i work from home .
next season i will try for diamond going to be 4 trick ponying .
vod review after a loss playing with a same minded duo and not tilt queueing .
i also think this might be because they might have a hard time talking to a camera lens compared to their own colleagues .
i was in on that play and they did run together last time i thought that was interesting .
i want to suck your beautiful dick until you squirt in my mouth .
i can just imagine the pursed lips and scoff at the suggestion of sex to petunia
there 's actually a btc atm at my local gas station .
oh just when i thought the first pic could n't get cuter ... there goes the 2nd one !
this sub is for flashing in public which means there must be other people nearby .
in the woods/on a trail out in the middle of nowhere
if your submission falls under one of those categories you should delete it before we find it .
please help the sub and report submissions which do not belong here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/publicflashing if you have any questions or concerns .
hello u/horabora2000 please try searching for an answer to your question on r/drugtesthelp bing.com or duckduckgo.com .
you can also check out this https www.mayoclinicproceedings.org/article/s0025-6196 281630825-4/fulltext sec2.2 29 or this database http www.passyourdrugtest.com/timetable.htm as we no longer allow questions about drug testing because we can not provide significantly useful answers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
double baked casserole may be the perfect base for an alcohol induced evening .
well if people want to celebrate thanksgiving that 's their thing .
i actually enjoyed myself at livia 's last year and look forward to this year but i wanted to give people an alternative anyway .
i 'm gon na stick to 16/8 and then switch to 20/4 .
i would like to add that the artists not taylor swift level artists would suffer losses much greater and much faster that ticketmaster .
people want to see and support their favorite artists who wouldnt be able to continue touring without that revenue from tm and tm-owned venues .
so yes in theory we could boycott ticketmaster but we would effectively be boycotting the artists too .
and then once the monopoly is broken up our favs wont have the ability to recoup and tour like they used to .
last thing i swear to the fucking lord i am not a ticketmaster chud trying to convince you its good .
even though you 're feeling blue you make everyone else feeling better with that captivating smile of yours ☺️
two face and any other street comic villain for that matter
this is a reminder for people not to post political posts as mentioned in stickied post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rareinsults if you have any questions or concerns .
1.3k for geforce 3080 be better idea or save and go amd ?
i 'm a pushing 30 semi-housewife and i love reading .
i went through a hell of a goth phase so sometimes i dial up the burny bois and tell them about my life .
the riftcarver endgame scythe is broken instead of spawning a bunch of demons every minute it only works once a day making it useless .
demonic charge deal only half of damage should be full damage .
aspect of vavakia active effect is not working entirely .
mental acuity ex is not working correctly at level twenty it 's give maximum 4 to intelligence should be 5 .
here in nz where i live protecting your assets when already in a marriage or relationship over 2 years are you two longer than that ?
because at that point all assets owned by both parties at that point must be split 50/50 anyway .
if it is and you have assets separate from your wife then i think it a very good idea to protect them in advance of opening .
btw based on what you said i strongly suspect that your wife does have a suitor lined up already .
as you say she has obviously been planning asking you this for some time .
also it 's not uncommon that one spouse asks the other about opening when they have already been cheating with someone else and because they now have feelings for them want to validate their relationship and come out so to speak by being officially open ! !
it should be difficult to figure out if you guys do decide to open .
what actually went on with the ballot machines https www.azmirror.com/2022/11/08/maricopa-county-sees-widespread-problems-with-ballot-tabulators-on-election-day-but-votes-will-still-be-counted
so a printing error on the ballots caused the machines to have issues in regards to the timing marks resulting in those rejections .
regardless of that however you were still able to cast your vote and they will be counted like every other ballot .
its due to republican policies trying to disenfranchise voters that generally vote democratic which has lead to all of these inefficiencies in states like arizona .
here is a thought proposition for you on another note .
does that mean that brian kemp should have conceded to stacy abrams ?
after all hes running the election and has on the record eliminated voting roles for hundreds of thousands voters in georgia last elections and put forward heavily party gerrymandered district maps in georgia .
its not fair and he should not be governor because of that .
i do agree that the way governor races are handled are a bit.. odd and there should be a federal body that manages those races independent of party affiliation
mine is gym swim and sauna weed and netflix .
would absolutely adore some company but it never works out well..
i 'm glad i do n't live there but i 'm happy i grew up there
oh wait i see the problem now actually i am getting empty array as result .
i use a special outlet to make sure i have as little water movement as possible !
you can craft sleep pots and throw it at them .
they wo n't wake until they 're hit or after a while .
you can avoid the fat man roll if you position yourself on top of a broken column and wait it out .
are you aware that there were no nuclear weapons in 1914 ?
i feel like the atacms can decrease the rate of russian missile launches .
it may not intercept them during their ballistic trajectory but i promise you there will be a lot less of them in the air
you should trust her that she wants to be with you and only you right now and support that choice she 's made by just being the best bf you can be and focus on yourself and how you can improve the relationship .
do n't worry about her past as others have said it 's absolutely useless and it 's even worse to bring it up .
t r u s t that shit is super important
he launches them with a slingshot like fuckin angry birds
however while we developed well bayern is still outscaling us financially and the gap is actually widening
are they secret if they 're all over his instagram and magazine covers ?
he only made it about a year with keeping his son secret and his daughter was announced pretty much immediately
😡 are yall waiting till they murder us before you decide to help ?
i 'm not going to say that i do but i 'm also not going to say that i do n't .
they will leave soonout.the back door in a black garbage bag andthen dumped in a landfill full of grbarge as faras the eyes can see ! !
this nutjob has been saying they 're dead meat for two months .
are they going to be put down or not ?
also in the context of the situation would n't the person writing this be considered they '' as in the people who will murder '' the dog ?
but i also ca n't tell because they keep switching perspectives .
one minute they 're writing on behalf of the dog next minute they 're writing in first person .
but i think i 'm doing the exact same setup as you on that o11 evo
i spent close to 200 to join the fight club presale and still could n't get anything .
then see dozens of tickets on ticketmerchant for 1500 .
it 's probably been in that container longer than it should
i know this might sound crazy but i 'd say go on a fast .
i 've seen many people have dramatic benefits from prolonged fast 5-7days .
then keep diet clean and slowly reintroduce good prebiotic and probiotic foods .
why all he wanted to do was make love to provide for his family ? ?
vous avez vu le bordel avec le z on en a parlé toute la putain de campagne et il a terminé à 7 .
pretty sure the devs even said to block it then dash and drop kick to catch them .
so of they are near a wall free combo food .
near a high enough ledge elbow drop or chair drop cause that will melt their stamina
oh i do n't think she 's a saint by any means either i just recall ppl hating her from the second she appeared instead of criticising her for anything she 'd actually done .
like i remember fans saying awful things to and about her long before she did that tone deaf photoshoot during a blm protest .
i have n't looked her up in literal years so idk about her posts but all of that sounds pretty gross on her part .
i was just thinking about how toxic fandom spaces are to the girlfriends of celebs
u/raikixd please reply to the comment above once both parties have received their end of the transaction to confirm with your trade partner .
this comment has been around for more than 3 days without a response .
the bot will still track this comment but it will only check it once a day .
this means that if your trade partner replies to your comment it will take up to 24 hours before your comment is confirmed .
please wait that long before messaging the mods for help .
if you are getting this message but your partner has already confirmed please message the mods for assistance .
buy the developer a coffee https kofi.regexr.tech or support this project monthly https patreon.regexr.tech
i fail to see how that story is an example of being androgynous .
androgynous is presenting in a way that makes gendering indeterminate and usually but not always identifying with your assigned gender or non-binary .
the sound of the electricity in my room manifests itself as some sort of
valencia spain too a lot of city are channing in this way for the better but sadly madrid is still quite behind and could be a reference for the rest
i am still awaiting the results before the said end of nov deadline .
here is a complete guide but you probably wo n't bother to read it you 've already made up your mind about him and no evidence will cure your cognitive dissonance but just to show i tried here you go .
i 've never hated a character so much and guy pearce fucking nailed it .
it 's never easy to get a hundred in tests also coz there 's a lot of swing mostly from day 1 and spin around 3rd 4th day ... .it 's never easy ... .just a edge and it will land into the slips ... .also requires a lot of patience in there ...
with that load i 'd love to blow you dry always ! 😋
i mean it 's one thing that it does n't move and the other that it still should hurt anyway lol .
at least i ca n't wrap my head around how it 's not painful bruh .
we are getting our submitters verified and we have determined
your account is brand new or you are not verified .
your content has been removed until this is resolved .
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mexicana if you have any questions or concerns .
this really sucks anyone knows how to disable this feature ?
if you think about the exp system in crosscode leveling down is actually not a big deal .
you 'll get more exp for a while and it should even out .
there 's probably a cap on how much exp you can offer someone too .
it could be a neat system for a real mmo !
also it 's possible that you 're only allowed to spend exp down to your current level cut off .
that was a great way to start out everything .
felt good to hear you had a perfect date .
elden ring is pretty divisive the people who do n't have the patience to put up with a confusing start and learning all the mechanics of a souls like game generally have a bad time and quit it early that 's where a game like gow ragnarok shines because you do n't have to read 3 separate guides to figure out how it works
i had a manager before that took 6-7 years to finish college because of the same reason as you .
who knows what other tirade or vitriol she can spit when you 're already employed and under her management .
but to play devil 's advocate and be objective about it she has a point .
she just did n't communicate it well and in a professional manner .
currently praying it ships out on time as i preordered from the us pokémon center site .
also working and watching some jacksepticeye god of war ragnarok while wait too .
then practice warm up as a side effect of the main swim .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
this topic has already been posted here recently to reduce spam we try to restrict topics from being repeatedly posted and discussed otherwise we have a flood of the same posts down the sub .
this removal was done manually by the mod team and was not done in error if you 'd still like to appeal this removal please send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frandomthoughts
i would plant some apple trees chestnuts walnut and hazel .
and then have some sheep to mow the grass for me .
there would be plenty of room left for other fruit trees so anything you can get your hands on .
i 've been wondering where they will go from that .
'' description '' subreddit focused on drawing the meme nyan cat on r/place .
currently only on day 3 of recovery had my surgery early monday morning and it 's now wednesday .
i woke up in recovery practically screaming from the pain i thought the tap block was supposed to numb my abdomen but it either did n't work or wore off too soon .
despite me literally crying and moaning in pain i was rushed to get up get dressed and get out of the hospital within 30-45 minutes of waking up .
i was given a prescription for 15 5mg oxycodone which i took the last of today .
i 've been taking a 500mg tylenol with 2 sometimes 3 of the oxycodone .
tonight i am going to take 1-2 60mg/300mg codeine/acetaminophen .
most people i 've talked to that have had this surgery say it was n't bad at all and they were back to work within a few days .
because of this i had planned on being back to work at home today but had to tell my boss i need the whole week off .
i 'm feeling really defeated and depressed and wondering if there 's something wrong .
i 've tried walking around as much as possible but ca n't expel the gas it 's not really moving up into my back or shoulders like some people it seems to be stuck in my abdomen .
i feel like a literal balloon that 's about to pop at any second it hurts to breathe and i 'm not able to take in a deep breath .
also feels like a weight is sitting on my chest .
i feel like i ca n't eat either because my stomach feels so full .
i 've taken gas-x miralax powder had a normal bm yesterday walk around .
the release date countdown is a new week-long marathon .
every day until the release of lod we will release a teaser image for the game .
i own a 02 z24 cavalier and really dig the trd body kit .
anyone know where i can grab one or are they super rare or something ?
heres what it looks like for those who dont know https images.app.goo.gl/7vmegknzxmykr7rm6
when jacopo robusti 1518-1594 aspired to become one of the leading venetian artists of the 16th century he had to use some remarkable marketing tactics to make his way .
not only did tintoretto '' paint at a speed that was unseen before but he also offered to paint for free or at very low cost
in the area i 'm currently looking for work a lot of listings that pay my rate are families that clearly have a ton of money .
i 've been super lucky that the majority of families i 've worked for have been really kind and down to earth even the really wealthy ones and most of my jobs have felt very causal and like i was part of the family .
i 'm wondering what red flags you might look out for or what ask in an interview or when reaching out to families to get a better idea of who 's going to be really nitpicky and high-maintenance and who 's more relaxed .
obviously you can figure some things out from an initial conversation but i 'm wondering what nannies who have more experience with hnw families have learned from it and what they wish they were more prepared for before working for one .
a place for members of r/sexyscorpio to chat with each other
maybe not all efforts can bring about a different outcome but every weak light has hope to warm this cold life .
i 'm really horny right now and want to have some fun with one of the prompts below .
the following prompts are some simple ideas and conversation topics that play on a variety of kinks just that i want to do some celebrity roleplay .
of course feel free to suggest any ideas you have !
we 're co-workers who flirt a lot while at work .
this has always seemed more playful than anything else .
you get on the bus to see me chatting with an attractive stranger which makes you jealous for some reason .
you decide to sit next to me and aggressively convince the stranger that we 're dating .
you 're in grad school and i 'm one of your professors .
things have been really hard this semester for you so a couple of missed assignments means you 're failing my class .
you come to my office hours one day and ask me if there is anything you can do to pass .
i tell you that there 's only one way i 'll call you whenever i want fuck you and if you get pregnant then you 'll pass my class .
i 've been sleeping around with your friends and you 're tired of them describing what sex was like with me .
you call to confront me about this and your feelings once and for all .
you are my sibling and have been trying to get pregnant with your partner for over two years still no luck .
you come to my place late one night and confess that you want me to get you pregnant .
we 'll pretend like it was your partner who did it but always keep this secret .
maybe you 've already had one child and want your second .
i 'm open to any thoughts you have about the scenarios above or you can propose a new one .
once again i 'm just really horny and want to have some fun we could just talk about our favorite celebrities !
some people that come to mind for me include alexandria daddario anya taylor-joy aoc trisha hershberger aubrey plaza alice eve lili reinhart olivia taylor dudley and alison brie .
suggest anyone else you might want to play as well .
i was wondering if anyone has any insight on this class ?
i need to fulfill ic+dd nupath but have n't found anything about it on this sub .
if you have taken the class was it time consuming ?
i noticed that my new 2023 model 3 standard range displays amber color turn signals in the front and side but shows red in the rear .
i would have expected consistency and thought all of them would be red or all amber .
if all goes well playing by 9pm tomorrow on the west coast .
i 'm 18 and i 'm in a wheelchair so it 's hard for me to meet people .
i just want someone to hang out with or talk to or something .
i do n't know i 'm bad at this .
a place for members of r/benjabubblelore to chat with each other
yesterday i found an earthworm when i was mixing old substrate with new soil for bigger tank .
i panicked started shifting around found another but no eggs .
month ago i bought premade substrate from local breeder so they must have been there .
im extremely disturbed by this and dont know what to do .
i have a whole springtail colony in that soil and one baby millie so i can not discard it .
millies are doing good and dont seem to care .
here is the fromyouflowers black friday sale in 2022 https bit.ly/3r5cl6r .
by using the black friday 2022 promo coupon codes or discount deals from this website you can save money on your next purchase .
when i 'm practicing or hitting i 'm very consistent can hit spots can generate my own pace .
but when i play a match i very quickly start dumping every groundstroke into the net or it flies way long .
i understand it 's a mental shortcoming but i have no idea what to do about it .
you can see my limits and voice sample in my profile .
before we start describe what kind of scenario you want what apps works for you and i 'll give you the best experience ❤️
young and asian slut ready to make you cum 😏💦😈 100 discreet legit and kink-friendly
i get to have a proper dinner and i 'll be able to stretch the food out a couple of days .
not worrying about going to sleep extremely hungry makes all the difference in the world .
while we were working on our stable diffusion iphone app https apps.apple.com/us/app/prompt-art/id6443659533 and web ui https promptart.labml.ai/playground we noticed that all stable diffusion api 's that we came across were expensive and slower than what we had in house .
it takes just 2 seconds to generate 2 images in 50 steps and 1 to generate 500 images .
you can sign up and get 1 free credit to try it out .
please reply or dm if you have any feedback or suggestions .
she requested me yesterday should i accept it or not ?
i 've been very conflicted on it because i 'm curious as to why she would request me .
we 've been broken up about a year now .
most of the people i have talked to even the smart ones who did spec said that further was their downfall and was the subject that they screwed up on .
do you guys know of someone who has actually done well in further ?
people who have made a pact with a demon or the devil or soul their soul what was the process like ?
did you gain anything and do you regret it ?
this is a work of fiction written solely to entertain .
all characters in sexual situations are 18 years or older .
the situations described in this story are for the sole purpose of entertaining the reader .
events and characters in the story are completely fictional and any resemblance to real world persons or events are purely coincidental .
previous chapters of this story are available on this subreddit .
you can access the previous chapters of this story by scrolling through the past posts of this subreddit .
or you can access the previous chapters of this story by visiting my profile page where i 've arranged the previous chapters of this story in an easy to access format .
after jason and susan left vivian came out of the closet .
jason came back into his room after sending susan home .
i do n't know why but i love to see you fucking other women .
vivian if we want to fuck her together then she 'll know that we 're fucking .
i do n't know if i trust her enough to let her in on that .
also mom also likes her so i 'm sure that someday we 'll tell her about us and we can have her together.
so who else have you fucked other than me mom and mrs. ford ?
yeah mom had a huge crush on her so we kind of did her together and she 's now one of us i guess.
but me and caroline are planning on bringing sophie hess into the fold.
you should have an orgy with janice caroline mrs. ford auntie grace and sophie .
this degeneracy will soften them up for when we tell them about us.
yeah but i ca n't just tell them hey guys let 's have an orgy ! i 'll have to ease them into it.
ok i 'll tell you how to do it .
first have a threesome with caroline and sophie then loop in janice .
then have a threesome with susan and aunt grace and then have an orgy with all five .
ok i 'll get started on caroline and sophie first.
on tuesday jason could n't wait for his mother to come home since he had missed her the past two days .
sandra came back home early that morning and jason rushed to her and hugged her ten he kissed her .
they shared an intense kiss so jason grabbed her ass .
also you and your sister need to get to school .
let me rest up during the day and i promise you tonight i 'll satisfy your hunger.
jason reluctantly let her go but he was looking forward to school today .
he was planning on setting the first part of his plan in motion .
jason and vivian kissed their mother goodbye and made their way to school .
as soon as jason arrived at school he started looking for caroline .
how could i forget it was the best night of my life.
do you remember what i told you at the end ?
i told you i wanted sophie hess do you remember now ?
blood drained from caroline 's face as she remembered .
she just did n't know how to react to this .
how was she supposed to give her girlfriend to jason ?
the next time both of your parents are out of town invite sophie over to your house .
i 'll be there too and we 'll take sophie together.
what do you mean ‘we 'll do it together ' ?
she was still hesitant about introducing sophie to jason but the fact that jason said that she will also be there and she will fuck sophie together with him excited her .
even though she had been in threesomes before something excited her about having one with jason and sophie .
physics class was before lunch and after class as he was leaving the classroom he heard mrs. ford call out to him .
vivian gave jason a look but he did n't know what was going on either .
he stayed back as all of the students walked out of the classroom so only him and susan were left .
ford i was under the impression that we were going to review my project tomorrow after school .
i need to have my lunch now and i have classes in the afternoon.
why do you think it 's always about that ?
you know yesterday we had the review at your place so tomorrow why do n't we have the review at my house ?
he told me that he will be working late tomorrow .
jason thought about it for a couple of moments .
i 'll come over to your house and we can have the review there.
as soon as he met her he swooped down and kissed her on the lips .
caroline and i have decided that we are going to let sophie hess into our relationship.
yeah i 'll keep you posted on how this thing plays out.
he knew that he and his mom had plans to fuck this evening so he wanted to know if vivian would like to join them .
i met with caroline and told her about our plans with sophie .
there 's one more thing that i wanted to ask you.
well when i get home mom and i we 're gon na ... you know.
oh i 'd love to but i have to stay back .
i 'm tutoring one of my friends today so you guys have fun.
so i 'll see you at home for dinner ?
when jason came home the entire house was empty .
he did n't see his mother in the living room or in the kitchen .
he went to his room and opened the door and to his delight his mother was in his room on his bed and she was naked .
she was lying on his bed on her back so when he entered the room she gave him a naughty smile and slowly spread her legs .
she got up from the bed and walked up to him seductively .
he grabbed her by her hand and turned her around so that her back was to him .
he kissed her neck as he slowly started kneading her tits .
he pinched her nipples and then he reached down and started rubbing her clit .
he slowly inserted a couple of his fingers into her cunt and started finger fucking her .
she started unbuckling his pants as he started taking off his shirt .
she took his pants and underwear off and his cock stood proudly before her completely hard .
she got on her knees and took him in her mouth .
he did n't fit of course but slowly inch by inch she maneuvered the entirety of his monster into her mouth .
and while she was sucking him off she looked at him with lust and hunger in her eyes .
she let go of his cock and started sucking his balls .
she sucked his balls for a few minutes before she returned to sucking his cock .
jason grabbed her hair and started thrusting his cock into her .
sandra was choking so she pulled her head back and gasped for air .
once she gathered herself she went right back to sucking his waiting cock .
after sucking his cock for some time she placed it in the valley between her breasts and she covered the cock between her breasts .
she started stroking the cock with her breasts and jason also started thrusting his cock between her tits .
jason inserted a couple of his fingers in her mouth and sandra bit them .
she then started sucking the fingers as she tit fucked him .
as he fucked her tits she kissed his stomach .
after some time she let go of his cock .
he bent down and kissed her and then he helped her up .
he slapped her ass as he bent her over the bed with her back to him and inserted a couple of fingers into her slit .
he got on his knees and started licking her clit and sandra started moaning in pleasure .
jason inserted his tongue into her cunt and he then licked her clit until she came .
he inserted his cock in her cunt and slowly started fucking her .
he started increasing his pace and fucked her roughly .
he grabbed her hips and drove his cock into her again and again .
she held on to the bedsheets for her dear life .
he inserted his finger into her mouth and she sucked it .
her hair fell over her face and stuck to it because of her sticky sweat .
watching her like that turned jason on even more .
sandra had one of the best orgasms of her life .
after her orgasm subsided jason started fucking her again and he caressed her leg as he fucked her .
jason grabbed her hair and he stopped fucking her .
he turned her over so that she was lying on her back .
sandra experienced the greatest pleasure she had known when her son started licking her clit .
she started breathing heavily and her breasts heaved and fell as she was losing herself in pleasure .
jason caught her clit between his lips and started sucking it .
he started licking her clit by rotating his tongue and brushing over her clit with it in circular patterns .
jason got up and rammed his cock into her pussy .
initially he started fucking her slowly but later he picked up pace and he squeezed her tits as he fucked her .
fuuccckk ! sandra screamed as her son 's cock reached depths inside her cunt that had never been reached before by anyone else .
jason slowed down and took his cock out and he started rubbing her clit with his cock .
sandra was beside herself with pleasure so he rammed his cock back in her pussy and started fucking her again .
jason looked at sandra and she was looking right into his eyes .
she was filled with lust that she looked like a wild animal .
both mother and son were fucking each other like it was their last fuck on earth .
jason was worried whether she could take the force with which he was ramming his cock into her .
sandra could see it in his eyes do n't think about it i can take it give it to me fuck my pussy !
jason obeyed his mother and he kept fucking her until he was tired .
lie down on the bed and mommy will take care of you.
jason lay down on the bed and sandra straddled him .
she took his cock in her hand and placed it at the entrance of her cunt as she slowly took it inside her .
she took it in her inch by inch until all of it was inside her and then she started riding him .
as she rode him she reached down with her hand and started rubbing her clit .
he grabbed her hips and impaled her over and over on his cock .
sandra was losing her mind and jason felt like he was about to cum .
the moment his jizz made contact with her cunt walls sandra felt as if a bolt of lightning passed through her .
she felt as if electricity was passing through her entire body .
after her orgasm passed she fell on jason 's chest and mother and son lost themselves to sleep .
when vivian came home she found the house completely empty .
she went to jason 's room and she saw her mother and jason in bed in each other 's arms naked .
she slowly walked up to her mother and woke her up .
when sandra woke up the first thing she saw was her daughter 's face .
she smiled at her daughter and vivian gave her mother a passionate kiss .
sandra opened her mouth to speak but vivian pressed her finger against sandra 's mouth .
she motioned to sandra that he was fast asleep .
as soon as they entered the room vivian kissed sandra passionately .
well you 've fucked one of your children it 's time for the other one to fuck you.
vivian took her shirt and bra off and sandra and vivian started fondling each other 's boobs .
sandra looked down and saw some of jason 's cum was leaking out of her pussy .
vivian got on her knees and licked sandra 's pussy clean .
she gulped down jason 's cum that was flowing out of sandra 's cunt .
after cleaning her pussy vivian stood up and kissed her mother again and sandra could taste jason 's cum as she kissed her daughter .
vivian was excited by the fact that sandra was doing to her what she had done to sandra when she was a baby .
sandra sucked vivian 's nipples for a few minutes and then mother and daughter kissed again .
vivian held sandra tits in her hand and started sucking her nipples .
vivian took off her pants and her panties so both mother and daughter were completely nude .
sandra could n't help herself she slapped vivian 's ass .
both mother and daughter started kneading each other 's breasts and started kissing each other .
mother and daughter spent some time just lying on the bed and kissing each other .
sandra was very fascinated by the way vivian 's tits jiggled when she squeezed them .
sandra bent down and started sucking vivian 's tits again .
her mother who was very prim and proper a month ago was now sucking her tits and she was referring to her tits as tits .
vivian felt like she was in a dream the best dream anyone could ever have .
sandra kissed vivian again and she then reached down and started rubbing vivian 's clit .
last year when i was in camp i had sex with one of the girls there.
ever since jason me and you did it together i 've been wanting to have some alone time with you.
fuck yeah ! vivian screamed as she experienced her first orgasm of the day .
vivian spread her legs and displayed her pussy to her mommy .
sandra got on her knees and started licking vivian 's pussy .
as she was licking her daughter 's clit sandra inserted one of her fingers into vivian 's cunt .
she fooled around and found her daughter 's g-spot so sandra started rubbing vivian 's g-spot .
soon vivian thrashed around as she experienced another orgasm .
after her orgasm vivian made sandra lie down on the bed .
she spread sandra 's legs and started licking her clit .
vivian licked sandra 's clit in a targeted manner .
she brought her mother to an orgasm and laid down beside her .
sandra kissed vivian vivian i have something to show you.
she opened the box and took out two vibrators .
you wan na do it at the same time ?
sandra handed one of the vibrators to her daughter .
vivian placed the vibrator over her mother 's clit and turned it on .
there 's a dildo in the box take it out and stick it in me.
vivian took the dildo and started fucking her mother with it .
she kept the vibrator on her clit keeping sandra in a continuous state of pleasure as sandra caressed her daughter 's hair .
she reached down and increased the speed of the vibrator and vivian moved the dildo in and out of her mom 's pussy .
vivian bent down and kissed and licked her mother 's inner thighs .
sandra was nearing her climax so she started rubbing the vibrator furiously against her clit and increased its speed to maximum .
after her orgasm sandra set the vibrator aside and stroked her daughter 's hair as vivian pulled the dildo out of her mother 's cunt .
she licked the dildo tasting her mother 's wetness .
sandra fucked vivian with the dildo until she came .
when vivian came her orgasm was so mind-blowing that she immediately went to sleep right after and sandra went to sleep right beside her daughter .
the next day jason made his way to the normal classroom where he and mrs. ford had their review sessions after school .
as soon as he entered the room he was greeted by the stupendous beauty of mrs. ford .
the thought that he was going to fuck her in her home today excited him to no end .
ok have you told your parents that you 'll be spending some time at my place today to work on your project ?
she drove while he sat beside her and in a few minutes they reached her home .
jason wait in the living room for a few minutes .
susan went upstairs to her room and jason wondered what the surprise was .
a few minutes later susan came down and jason was dumbstruck when he saw her .
she was wearing a wedding gown her wedding gown .
she looked like an angel in her wedding gown .
jason was a little bit confused as to why she wore it .
susan seemed to have sensed his confusion so she gave him a naughty smile .
you know jason i come from a very conservative family .
i really think that people should get married before they fuck each other.
jason understood she wanted to roleplay with him so he played along .
well if i had a ring i 'd marry you right now.
the ring that my husband put on my finger at my wedding.
jason put her ring on her finger and he leant in to kiss her .
she placed a finger on his lips and pushed him back .
i have to put a ring on your finger for us to get married.
jason extended his hand and susan put a ring on his finger .
jason hugged her tightly and gave her an intense kiss and susan returned his kiss with passion .
she suddenly stopped kissing him and pushed him away jason looked at her questioningly .
we ca n't do it with this dress on .
give me a few minutes and i 'll change into some lingerie and come back.
jason waited as she went back upstairs to her room once again .
after a few minutes she came back down wearing nothing but white lingerie .
her nipples and the mound of her pussy were visible through the lingerie and she also wore thigh high white stockings .
she came close to him do you like what i 'm wearing ?
you know i masturbate thinking about you every day .
today i masturbated thinking about you while i was lying next to my husband and i came so hard.
she then kissed him passionately and jason returned her kiss .
she caressed his chest and moaned as he kissed her .
he reached behind and grabbed her ass she gave him a naughty look .
jason slowly moved down to her neck and he started kissing and licking her neck .
he caught her lower lip between his two lips and pulled it .
she started stroking his monster cock through his pants .
she unbuckled his pants and pulled down his pants and underwear .
jason was completely naked now so she started stroking his cock .
oh my god i love your cock so fucking big .
i love thinking about it going inside this tight little pussy stretching me out nice and slow .
i wish i got to fuck this every night .
susan chuckled as she looked up at him into his eyes .
i wan na feel this big dick inside my pussy .
i ca n't wait to slide it into my mouth to take that cock to the back of my throat and fucking gag all over it .
how much do you want me to suck that big dick ?
initially she just kissed the head of his cock and licked it but then she took his cock in her mouth little by little .
she swallowed it inch by inch until all of it was inside her mouth .
she started kneading her breasts as she sucked him .
she slowly pulled her lingerie up revealing her humongous globes .
jason looked down at her as her head bobbed up and down his cock .
she took his cock out and gasped for air .
once she had caught her breath she went right back to sucking his dick .
he held her by the back of her head and started thrusting his cock in and out of her mouth .
whenever she felt like it was too much she slapped his ass and he took his cock out to give her a few seconds to catch her breath .
she kept looking at him intensely as he fucked her mouth .
after some time she took his cock out and she slapped her breast with his cock .
she alternated between her left and right tit and then she got up and held his hands in hers .
come with me i 'll take you up to my room .
i want you to fuck me in my marriage bed.
when they reached her bedroom susan lay down on the bed on her back .
she presented her pussy to jason it was covered by her panties .
jason knelt before her on the ground and he kissed her inner thigh .
susan pulled her panties to the side to give jason access to her pussy and jason kissed her cunt lips .
susan threw her head back due to the pleasure jason was giving her and smiled .
jason found her clitoris and started stroking it with his tongue .
he took her clit in his mouth and sucked on it .
susan bit her lower lip as jason licked her clit in an up and down motion .
susan grabbed jason 's hair and caressed it and susan squeezed one of her tits .
susan savored her first orgasm with jason in her marriage bed .
her entire body spasmed as she experienced her orgasm but jason did n't stop licking her cunt .
jason placed his cock in the entrance to her pussy and pushed it in slowly .
he slowly pushed it in further until in a few seconds his cock was completely inside her .
susan started rubbing her clitoris as she looked down and watched his monster slither in and out of her pussy .
she looked up at him with her eyes meeting his .
they kept up their intense eye contact as they fucked each other to oblivion .
jason grabbed her thighs for support and rammed his cock in and out of her cunt .
even though her breasts were held up by her bra they bounced up and down as jason fucked susan .
the view of her bouncing tits awoke something in jason and he increased his pace and fucked her as roughly as he could .
susan went limp after she experienced an orgasm and jason stopped fucking her out of concern .
jason obeyed his teacher and resumed his assault on her pussy .
he did n't stop till he made her cum again .
her beautiful breasts rose and fell while she breathed .
looking at her in her white lingerie panting because he fucked her silly jason could n't help but admire her angelic beauty .
he bent down and kissed her and she responded to his kiss with great enthusiasm .
the lovers hugged and kissed each other his cock inside her both now united as one .
susan liked this because this was n't the rough savagery that had happened minutes ago .
this felt natural and she locked her legs behind his back to prevent him from escaping .
she need n't have worried as he was n't planning on going anywhere .
jason got rid of her bra and panties as he admired the naked body of his lover for a moment .
susan turned her back to him and she got up on the bed and kneeled .
she rested her head on the bed and displayed her ass to jason .
jason inserted his cock into her pussy and pushed it in .
susan started to rub her clitoris as jason caressed her ass .
he grabbed them for support and started ramming his cock in and out of her pussy .
the fact that she was completely powerless and under his control excited her to no end .
the entire time he was fucking her susan had her eyes closed savouring every little sensation his cock caused in her cunt .
jason was reaching places in her that no one had reached before .
susan clawed at the bedsheets in pleasure as the room was filled with sounds of flesh slapping flesh .
jason raised his hand and slapped her ass lightly .
she asked for it so jason raised his hand and brought it down on her ass with as much force as he could .
susan surrendered herself to jason as he thrust his cock in and out of her pussy with reckless abandon and he slapped her ass again .
she got so much pleasure when thinking about how he was completely dominating her .
she was physically exhausted from their savage fucking and her numerous orgasms but she held on .
she was n't going to throw in the towel until she made him cum .
susan experienced another orgasm as jason 's thighs slapped against her ass cheeks .
her breasts oscillated like a pendulum as jason ravaged her from behind and then jason bent down and kissed her cheek .
by this time susan had regained some of her energy .
jason stopped fucking her and took his cock out of her pussy and he laid down on the bed on his back .
susan straddled him and took his cock once again into her warm cunt .
as she started riding him jason caught her right nipple between his teeth and gave it a small bite .
initially she rode him slowly savoring the sensations his cock caused when sliding in and out of her pussy .
jason grabbed her hips and helped her ride him .
susan started gyrating on top of his cock and soon she was riding him like there was no tomorrow .
jason felt his cum making its way up his shaft .
susan looked down at him and smiled cum inside your wife honey.
jason smiled back at her and let loose a torrent of cum in her pussy .
jason and susan were lying on the bed side by side and susan 's chest was rising and falling .
they looked at each other and even though she had n't openly proclaimed it jason saw love in her eyes .
jason leaned in and kissed her and she returned his kiss .
he slowly reached out and started massaging her breast but susan slapped his hand .
jason thought about how he now had a plan to bring his classmates together .
he thought about doing something similar with mrs. ford and auntie grace .
he had n't visited auntie grace since the last time he had gone over to her house with his mother so he 'd have to go over to her place again .
you know mrs. ford i 've been thinking about something.
i 've kind of been sleeping with a friend of my mother 's grace morton.
i was wondering if you 'd like to have a threesome with me and her.
jason realized that it was a bit too soon .
he had just asked his married teacher who he was having an affair with if she wanted to have a threesome with one of his other married lovers .
it was crazy that he even thought it would work .
i 'll talk to her depending on what you say.
jason was overjoyed so he hugged susan and planted an intense kiss on her lips .
talk to her first if she 's ok with it then we 'll plan it.
jason thought about how he could convince auntie grace and he knew he 'd have to first go over this with his mother .
jason saw her naked back as she walked over to the bathroom so he followed her and hugged her from behind .
now let me take a shower and after that you can take a shower and then go home.
jason let her go and he listened to her shower .
after she came out he went into the bathroom and took a shower .
he followed her downstairs and then he gave her a passionate kiss before leaving her place and making his way to his home .
when jason came home he was welcomed by his mother and sister .
both of them wanted to share the bed with him that night .
the three of them had a wonderful dinner and after dinner they went up to his room and started disrobing each other .
jason fucked both his mother and sister and dumped two loads of cum in both of them .
he laid on his bed and thought about how to breach the topic of a threesome with auntie grace .
he 'd have to tell his mother first so he planned on talking with his mother the next day .
he closed his eyes and let sleep wash over him .
his dreams were filled with auntie grace and mrs. ford so he had a good night 's sleep .
i 've written this story up to chapter 13 .
you can find the link in my reddit profile if you 're interested .
if you prefer to wait i 'll post about 2 chapters a month here .
everything was ok but i didnt get any xshiba .
i unstaked after 15minutes because i scared i lost everything .
how long it takes to get xshiba and where i can see it ?
i do n't know why no body responds to my questions 😭
so now i 've thaught of tucking my baby with a duct tape just thaught of asking you people if it 's ok to to tuck with a duct tape for a long time .
because i work at a hotel ca n't untuck until 12-14 hours
when i am alone or dipressed i always think of cutting it off how do i gett of my feelings
i estimated both models using sem and path analysis for the mediation model .
the additive model explains more variance in the dependant/outcome variable than the mediation model .
can someone explain how this is the case and what the implications are for the predictor x and 'mediator ' z ?
i 'm currently rewatching the people vs george lucas on youtube and after seeing the way people reacted to the prequels i wonder what those people think of the sequel trilogy .
since the disney star wars films have been released have your opinions on the prequels changed ?
do you think they 're better than the sequels ?
i just genuinely want to know how people feel .
i 'm having some problem with my ender 3 .
i have been printing for almost a year with good results .
then all of a sudden the fan started to be noisy and the prints came out definitely not good .
from what i understood looking around the problem could be under extrusion .
i replaced the fan both of them actually but the prints keep coming out badly .
the software is always the same cura and i never changed any parameter whatsoever .
printing different projects included those who i already successfully printed before
then i was forced to also change the software because my pc died ... but even with the new version nothing changed .
now the extruder calibration is ok i print 10cm and 10cm of filament are consumed .
increasing the flow by 5 and the temperature by 10° i 'm now printing at 220 ... . actually gives better results the calibration cube is more definite and more solid even if under extrusion is still appreciable .
i do n't know what else to try ! !
not according to timetable just how many days you actually go
by the time he opens his eyes kubota tamotsu 34 years old has been reincarnated into another world .
moreover as a 6 years old slave with level 1 barrier skill .
to surpass his limitations and become a powerful barrier master kubota begins a hellish training full of obstacles and struggles .
— from let 's become a novelist a new other world fantasy starts !
... read reborn as a barrier master chapter 34 mangapuma .
idk i would say most explicit prayers are to god some are to jesus or mother mary at least they i 've been told
if my memories are right in the bible there are some parts where to plead to/praise jesus and mary but prayers are usually to the father '' at least in the nt
most last seasons of a popular tv show tbh .
last season of something has to be really shit for them to stop milking it
when ever you handle a gun think of it as a tool to kill and always expect it to be loaded till you checked it 's not .
it 's not a toy it 's a tool to kill .
if this post declares something as a fact then proof is required
common/recent reposts are not allowed posts from another subreddit do not count as a 'repost ' .
see this post https redd.it/ij26vk for a more detailed rule list
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
douglas murray and david starkey are both household conservatives in the uk who are gay .
ah could also have substituted the taxman with sam bankman lol
no effect for me whatsoever on 20 so it 's possible that 's just the same as you on 30 .
i would n't be surprised if a higher dose will work fine for you .
bear in mind you 've already titrated on stimulants and it 's common for people to need to start on a higher dose than normal when switching meds .
it sounds like they 're going slowly because of your blood pressure so in your case it might be best not to go too off-piste .
it also sounds like they might be giving your body plenty of time to get used to it to avoid side effects .
it might make for a much smoother experience than before if you do n't rush it .
but if your bp meds are working well they might be happy to take it up a notch .
just be careful with how you quantify the results you may find effects less noticeable when in fact they might be subtly helping .
do n't compare it to methylphenidate compare it to an unmedicated day and see if the same tasks become any easier .
definitely still a good idea to ask if you can bump up to 40 sooner .
nhs guidelines suggest you only need 7 days per dose and that was my schedule but if there 's zero effect you should be able to try 40 even sooner it 's up to the prescriber 's discretion .
rh7 is not mate in 11 according to lichess at depth 28 .
ion care bout his music in general but i liked 2-3 songs off him as a feature .
bloody hell that will be epic if it works .
are you 3d printing or literally making the pieces by hand ?
so shit goes down and this person spends 5 minutes deciding what to grab .
frühen 20ern noch bin ich etliche male betrogen worden .
für mich waren das damals aber nie so super ernste beziehungen dementsprechend hab ich die auch nicht so super ernst genommen .
damals wollte ich eine beziehung weil ich nicht allein sein konnte .
inzwischen genieße ich es alleine zu sein und bin recht wählerisch was partner angeht .
dementsprechend sind mir diese partner dann auch sehr wichtig und fremdgehen ist kein thema mehr in meinem leben .
i did n't read all that but big w to him
removed your post comment karma score is below 10 please reach this before posting again .
you get karma by commenting on subreddits and people upvoting it .
this action is to prevent spam on the subreddit .
please note that award karma does not count towards our karma requirement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
i was once this person but i am no longer !
i hope people have the common sense to just put a spoiler-free title with a spoiler tag on their posts if they 're going to talk about stuff .
even in spain only the staunchest nationalists or the criminally ignorant glorify him for the rest he is seen for what he was a pillager and a murderer .
gta iv and rdr2 are rockstar 's best and sit next to each other on the wall of fame .
i have no clue on what to do here i 'm sorry .
crazy how all these champs have either a strong get off me tool dashes with resets or slows .
try to play against him with something that does n't have these like jinx or jhin
i 've done this exact course and man is it fun
i used sharp shadow for the first time i was able to kill him helps a lot !
you 'll have to move the file to a pc and extract the audio assuming it 's possible
is the design of that last image perhaps inspired in any way by porter robinson 's nurture ?
the graphic design is very similar from the font spacing coordinates and image style/placement .
wear protection and fuck all the girls that want you now ! ! !
where are you getting the train that it 's more comfortable than a plane ?
text editor or ide of your choice of course .
i mean the opening scene is n't subtle about the fact he 'll die again .
i 'm just surprised they show him turning to stone in a season where he does n't turn to stone yet .
also if your say mickey ds instead of mcdonald 's shut the fuck up please nobody likes you
hey sexy slim and trim you got riled up wanting hookup with you .
yea i think it 's fantastic i think the main problem was that it had a really rocky start and the original developers abandoned it and the community .
the titans expansion fixed a lot of the issues and now it is actively maintained by a subset of spin off developers from the original company as far as i can tell .
i think the original opinions and people who tried it years ago now mark it down as a poor game .
this could n't be further from the truth as it has been massively refined over the years .
also the modding community is fantastic which extends the game a lot !
i think another issue is that there are n't 'factions ' but there are a couple of mods that add entirely new factions which are genuinely well balanced and work well .
there are a lot of different unit types and the fact it is interplanetary so it creates quite dynamic gameplay .
i rate it hightly i used to love supcom but have n't touched it in years and went back to it this year totally lost within the plathora of different options and units and have continued to play pa as it is a comfortable game .
the learning curve is mainly in know which units are good against others ranked is very hard and competitve so as a beginner i would n't recommend starting on there but a galactic war of standard multiplayer !
you should probably also tell your bf that not every gift is an amazing gift just because it 's from him .
sounds like you do n't care too much about alcohol and he got you the cheapest bottle .
a fun gesture for your 21st sure but a gift to cherish ?
he needs to get his head out of his ass .
i 've been playing since year one and it started getting messy af !
also i would rather the 50 gems from shovel then moving decorations around ! !
a balanced game is also a more fun game in the long term .
in the context of onednd being developed it 's more important than ever to discuss ways of making the game both balanced and fun for as many people as possible and the martial/caster disparity is a big part of that .
not to mention that a lot of people enjoy discussing this even if they do end up arguing in circles .
im sorry to say this but there are some people who unironically think drinking piss is good for health
you were scared you would turn out like your dad ?
you turned out in your own personal shitty sperm donor .
you also do n't need skills to be a parent you just need to fucking do it .
it is definitely sm problem and i 'd say it is deep rooted in their training system and way how they select concept and members of female groups .
the truth is sm for long do n't appreciate enough stage charisma in their female trainees .
the most important aspect for them is good looks matching with concept and voice .
since rv they create very complex concept but do n't really bother to find even just one member who can perfectly realize it on the stage .
that 's why both rv and aespa performances often looked like expectation vs reality videos .
in case of aespa it become even bigger problem for me because rv at least had perfect art direction thanks min hee jin and while being rookies they often sang live .
i 'm sure that if aespa could complete throw their concept away their performance started to be much better .
so se pa te kapsule blazno razpasle tudi v sloveniji sem opazila .
you should have definitely gone full sim kit with foresight .
the pc it comes with has a 3060 non ti and a 1080p projector .
lol she thinks she 's going to get another photographer at a reasonable rate right before christmas ?
open at night though or just during the day when the square is open ?
the dialogue is very dense i was paying special attention during that conversation because i love disguised 'spy ' language but in writing that post i still had to go back and rewatch the conversation to make sure i had specifics like the phrase other piece '' correct .
i hold my hands up and admit to intellectual defeat here tbf
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotclub if you have any questions or concerns .
if you use useasyncdata to fetch the data then i think it would .
as a store usestate is available on server and client .
i have n't tested any of this just going by docs ...
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=fuzzy-lingonberry-98 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
professionals aced is here to boost your accuracy since the valkyra has an intergrated suppressor it counts
unseen strike is here for even more damage since the dps of ars can be lacking in certain situations
sixth sense aced is more useful since it allows you to buy more assets some of which are very useful for both loud and stealth
fire control for even better accuracy for your valkyra and to waste 2 points
that other build is alright still prefer it if you dont use drill skills at all to have more points for stealth skills
what 's the best tp for s p futes ?
i have to pop out for some champagne ... .
its a good idea to distract yourself a little .
it probably is just a a part of being happy and in love with someone but its up to us individually to make that balance healthy
people that refuse take responsibility have given up the right to say anything .
wow using an exclamation point then it must be true .
with the rampant corruption in nyc i 'll believe it when i see it .
while i empathise with the way players treated the tournament poorly it also shows why it 's so important to have clear rules with check ins and brackets and always follow them .
i 've played in a lot of online tournaments and admins who let players step over them is a big issue .
i do n't mean to victim blame here i just hope that in the future you can deal with these things by following the rules to a t .
but i guess in some parts of the country that 's just considered normal rural livin '
haha man remember the theory were everyone was saying kenny was gon na make a second album or something since it came out before easter .
currently use fenix with hr pro for all workouts .
set up ergdata on my phone which syncs to log .
this logged the activity once in all places ... is there a benefit to syncing hr to pm5 or ergdata to connect ?
why not just keep the garmin and pm5 separate ?
her whole entire kit can be foddered off together which is sweet .
kind of tempted to revive titania but i also kind of want to keep hoarding orbs
least five perks that should n't be in their tier i 'll just let you take guesses on which .
one of the first og zombie players here not trying to show off but i 've played many many games of zombies now it 's a shame i 've always been super quiet or else i 'd be more known
then hoy would complain that the rude gross trashy family was poc .
blurry grainy poorly cropped no feet socks only and shoes only are not allowed .
to post with nylons make sure they are see-through and we can clearly see your feet .
wearing shoes make sure we can see some part of your foot like in sandals or open toe heels .
sneakers fully covering heels or boots are a no go .
all removals are followed by a 3 day ban so you can read up on the rules .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/naturewasmetal/comments/wng6cl/our_face_from_our_recent_ancestors_to_us 32 32
i ca n't even find cross play in these menus but i 'm on xbox successfully playing with a ps4 friend
i tried back in school the english went over the head .
it sure took a while but i did it ! !
https imgur.com/a/fzpfgk7 randomized teams make spiral abyss even more stressful i kinda like it .
it was getting too easy with how much time i spend on builds lol
i also found myself having fun playing rosaria again .
i might have to give her back her artifacts or just refarm a new set
we have resigned consciously or not that the ideals set forth from the very beginning that we belong to a novel nation with a government by the people for the people and of the people is nothing more than a fairy tale we tell our children to believe that their voice matters .
in my case i can transfer money from my account in the uk in gbp to my multi-currency account in korea in gbp without incurring exchange rate differences on that transaction .
it will be converted when i move amounts between my multi-currency and my krw account but i can choose when exactly i want to do that and it 's instantaneous .
i could do that with just a single currency gbp account in korea of course but i guess having the ability to maintain multiple currencies in one account simplifies the administration .
if someone in europe wanted to send me eur or someone wanted to send me usd i do n't need to setup additional accounts to receive those transactions .
mmmm you make me so horny with that lovely cock and balls
if you are bored you are invited to come have some casual chats with 4,000 friendly people in our official discord server .
ios users discord has classified our server as nsfw .
so you will need to enable nsfw in your discord settings on desktop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like you might need to log in with your ddi work portal credentials that you made when you first applied but i could be wrong there
i 'd like to thank you for safely sending artemis 1 into space .
that 's cast aluminum if i 'm not mistaken .
yes i think history has proven that the vast majority if not all of these youth detention centers dress it up however you like that 's what it is breed abuse .
whether it 's sexual mental physical or combinations of those or all of them it 's been shown time and time again that is what the results are .
not only that but when you stick a whole bunch of offenders together think prisons they learn from each other how to be better smarter offenders .
hence i say it will teach them to become real criminals .
unfortunately there 's no easy solution to repairing the damage that has already been done .
it 's not a one size fits all approach .
there are a few rehabilitation programs proving to be very beneficial .
they offer real opportunities to train youths for the workforce and place the ones that show promise .
not all of them will want to work and not all of them are able to be rehabilitated .
it will take real financial investment real input from people that have more knowledge than i do and are involved in programs that are succeeding in coming up with solutions .
but what i know is military boot camps are ridiculous ideas made up by people with no understanding and no intentions to understand .
it 's a vote grab from other people who do n't understand and do n't want to understand .
if they really cared they would set up a properly funded properly planned committee to determine the best way forward by working with current offenders as well as trying to prevent future offenders .
it all just seems like when things get too hard they resort to the age-old theory of locking them up .
it 's repeating the same floored logic over and over and over and over again hoping for a better result .
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
i can see the female gender symbol with a trumpet going through it .
they already do medical supplies are n't included in the embargo and even if they were cuba could still import from the biggest manufacturer of medical supplies china
nij was notable among u.s. governmental research organizations because it is headed by a political appointee of the president rather than by a scientist or a member of the civil service .
the presidential appointment efficiency and streamlining act of 2011 removed the need for senate confirmation of the nij director. i just thought i 'd throw this out there
i do realize that some of these resellers are speculating and do n't actually have ticket in hand but the thought had n't occurred to me that some people might not know what recourse they have if they get scammed .
these resellers really are the worst as are the corporations that allow them to use their platform to conduct their scams .
unfortunately it has been removed because static images are not allowed .
your submission should be a video and be in the following formats .ogg .gifv .gif .webm or .mp4 .
attempting to alter a static image to a video will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nextfuckinglevel if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's there for a way out of done relationships .
it 's our culture that has made it a taboo .
i just think the fact she wanted something romantic and i did n't is n't a reason why we ca n't be good friends anyway .
not a racist and its not an essay on why im not racist .
download the apk and be sure to delete the old app first .
this is your fourth submission this month placing you on rank 43 for the highest number of submissions leaderboard .
at the time of writing you had accumulated 843 submission karma placing you on rank 96 of the submission karma leaderboard .
join us on the anime memes discord https discord.com/invite/axisorder .
because it 's 98 white and they intend on keeping it that way .
they literally have 14 non whites on the entire island .
what was it biden said about an ethnic jungle ? ''
i had this fairly-well thought out idea for a post but ended up being really rushed in the time i had to post it .
i should have waited for a better time i just got too excited .
what i would like to know is how much the rules/mechanics of the game support the labels on these axes .
the gm can obviously put any kind of spin or personal touch on a game that they want but i 'm wondering about what the rules themselves support .
world authority is how much authority the players have over the world in which they play .
so at one end of the spectrum we have players that are sharing in the actual creation of locations npcs and plot points as play progresses .
at the other end we have players who are along for the ride discovering what surprises the gm has written for them .
character development would be the degree to which the game supports players thinking and acting out human emotions in their characters .
at the low end of the spectrum are games that support mostly physical stats .
i called them stat-robots '' because i see it as players having a great time just picking new abilities and beefing up their one-dimensional warriors .
fiddliness is what it sounds like but make it so '' was super vague .
i do n't have a lot of experience with this type of game so i struggle to define it .
i see it as players and gm sitting around the table talking through conflict and resolution without the need to do a lot of math or even dice rolling in the extreme example .
thus a hand-waving sure we 're good with that resolution ... make it happen . ''
yes aside from the ptsd i have social anxiety which started after my incident depression adhd and some other trauma i 'm working with my therapist on .
some days it 's like nothing ever happened and others it 's quite the opposite .
i 've just learned to let myself feel the emotions and know i can rely on my support system when needed .
would 've had me if it was the ddr5 version of that board with the 13600k .
the backstage segment where lance tossed a guy up through the drop ceiling then ripped jake 's shirt off is on permanent loop in my brain .
in practice it 's not usual to have that many available targets in line of sight that you could engage but yes it 's a theoretically great if impractical situation .
the version of this build i run is a flip between fenris gc momento or yellow core sacrifice and gift for more single target dps and splash .
sometimes i just get high and sit in a ring or around a neutron star .
i 'm a sore loser and an even worse winner .
because if you have 13 people competing and one has an advantage completely unavailable to the others then that one ruins the chances of the 12 .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
i tried back in 2 and it did not work for me at like all could n't really use specials or anything .
i 'd recommend just getting like even a cheaper hoycon or whatever set like power a or horis you 'll have a much better time .
idk what happened but i got 3 2 and 1 cut off
i 'm not arguing that it is n't expensive because it is you 're right .
the cost difference can likely be explained by proximity to manufacturer .
it costs a lot more to ship it across the globe .
with that said i work for a home renovation company and we build very high end maple cabinets and drawers fronts and half of our employees still use ikea cabinets in their home because it 's more economical than anything else for similar quality
it sounds like those guys have a very unhealthy view on sex and sexuality and they should probably work on that
try a good 300-1000 more depending on the country .
unlimited data plans around the world typically run less than any of our major competitors will charge for a talk text plan let alone data even .
he did a spinny kick but slightly off target .
in some countries ca n't think of them off the top of my head they have very disturbing pictures of the problems cigarettes cause along with a these sayings
but have fun if you go ahead with it .
put a nota bene '' at the start and you get nb nb nb in nb ''
this is starting to feel like the english equivalent to lion-eating poet in the stone den
that 's what i thought was going to happen or she was intoxicated .
i was so relieved to hear a story with substance .
i must admit i am now more interested in this story than any other stories right now .
yep that one hurts with steph on track to hit it .
i think i 'm just gon na box mine asap .
heartbreaker break of dawn privacy and 2000 watts are the ones i listen too a lot
in terms of leaving and staying on reddit this post is the most valid reason to never come back .
not only do i need bleach to cleanse my eyes upon what i 'm seeing i 'll also need therapy for an average of 63.9 hours a week .
if you plan to have children than there is no future for that in this family .
if you wish to be a mother you need to divorce .
your husband does not see anything wrong with sa or incest .
check mtggoldfish or any of the other popular decklist sites for a deck that 's had recent success .
i 'm sure there are many of us out there who still play runescape 3 .
i 'm just wondering if this is just for nostalgia or if people are actually using it as their main game .
oh man i 'm very sorry for all of you with no luck yet again today .
i had a horrible time trying to get tickets yesterday i ca n't imagine going through it twice in 48 hours .
hoping we can all finally feel some relief by friday evening .
how do i get my wife to one of these parties ?
someone can clarify or correct me if i 'm wrong but did n't some of these anti-skip cd players have a sort of buffer indication bar on them ?
if the player took to many bumps and the bar filled up it would skip ?
sort of like a warning meter letting you know if you were being too rough with the player .
like i said i just got a good deal .
there 's nothing off to me and even after comparing to goat used listings i am still contnet
i recently learned there are no laws in texas governing 4-way stops .
there are commonly accepted guidelines but if you get into a crash at one it 's usually going to end up with your insurance covering your damage and their 's covering their own .
kanye regurgitating fascist talking points is just one very small part of it .
i love the fabric i love how long the red dress is .
but the other one is so flirty and lacey .
i just want to know how the chair got here .
i believe the financial institution would be the reporting entity .
although i did receive 10k from my grandmother a few christmases ago and i was never asked for an explanation .
free 1 year gift link to hottest onlyfans account on the planet !
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/backview if you have any questions or concerns .
the episode of behind the bastards on kellogg is fucking fantastic
there are pedophiles less interested in boys ' ejaculate than john harvey kellogg
i am a professional and while a small amount of liquid '' in a baking recipe will make a difference that 's not even the real problem .
the issue is while espresso is very strong coffee it 's still mostly water and is n't concentrated enough to give coffee flavor without diluting .
there are plenty of soggy tiramisu 's that will testify to this .
the steering servo gets its power through the receiver so as long as the receiver is getting power from the esc that will work .
if it 's new traxxas should replace the esc for you .
hearing tv news reports that would never make it on air irl because it 's wild speculation with no attribution no conviction yet and would surely get a tv news station sued .
as the suspect is escorted by police behind the reporter the murderer is 15-year-old john smith who was driven to violence by his love of first-person shooter video games.
nah fr it had me all fucked up goin home i 'd 10/10 watch that again
just realize you 're both bad and make something positive out of it😂
there 's tons of guilds dedicated to doing mass drops with wonderful items it 's amazing to see !
i was just thinking today that i wish there was a way to separate the junk from items people can actually benefit from it would be so nice .
if you 're asking a question about an antique make sure to have photos of all sides of the object and close-ups of any maker 's marks .
also add in any background information you have and add in a question so we know what you want from us !
you must tell us the country you 're in .
if you do not provide this information your post will be removed .
to upload photos for this discussion use imgur.com https imgur.com/upload .
click the imgur link upload the photos to imgur then share the link address in a comment for everyone to see .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/antiques if you have any questions or concerns .
he may have done this to erase another reminder of their dad the actual person he created .
it seems like he wants to drive a wedge to get you out .
i built my rig in 2017 when i was in college and put a 1070 in there .
now that i 've been out of college for a bit and have a well paying job i 'm looking at either the 4090 or 7900xtx depending on benchmarks .
they 'd just smash the girls and boys races together at our meets which i think is the best of both worlds .
it keeps things speedy while preserving opportunities for distance kids .
theres this talk on we say things on how the pvp game modes from dota is already hard to balance because the heroes are balanced around the 5v5 pvp aspect of it not the previous iterations of pvps .
but their pve gamemodes have been pretty topnotched like the older diretide darkmoon new year beasts etc .
i 'm now on a lot of meds because of ic but i was at 100 relief for a few months until this new nerve pain came along .
exactly listen to prof miodek however devoicing is regional in southern poland people say wozrusza instead of wozrusza and it 's perfectly ok
multiple missed calls on buffalo before that one on us
and reflecting back on that experience how much has it shaped you into the person that you are today ?
if time was turned back and you were given the option would you undergo that experience and all that comes with it again ?
r/onlyfansnaturallyhot is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnaturallyhot if you have any questions or concerns .
i built a time machine in my back yard actually you go in it and then you move forward at normal speed and when you come out it 's the future .
i stole this joke but it 's been so long i do n't know from who .
i think op just had like any good student the breakfast at lunchtime
reported to still be 101db at the media site 3.5 miles away .
my first thought was the lego movie which i also really liked his performance in .
loved to play d mercy but realize her full team rez was justin to toxic to stay in the game .
i just get sad for no reason and then i feel fine like 30 seconds later
you were naughty before but i think you are a little naughtier on your return .
mono cryo ayaka with shenhe could probably clear this much faster .
every game with inside are manipulated 100 it 's not like 5 but actually 2 it 's like today you are 5 you did scuffed 20-30 pulls your rate is 10 you pay us a lot of and quit for 2 month you 're guaranteed rate up ssr first 10 pulls ... ..
the or gacha system are created to control the player base
tbh it 's what you get if tencent have a cake lol
i also giggle when my cat tries to but my feet hehe !
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
nice was wondering if the 18 round ones fit the sub compact
if they had done anything at all it would have been over in a day ... but they sat back and did absolutely nothing for weeks .
who 's the legend working the music at the arena who played may 16 by lagwagon a few stoppages ago ?
i am not actually american but i have many friends from the high class of cucuta colombia the city i live on that travel quite often .
a friend told me albuquerque was horrible as the heat was unbearable he could n't get out of his home thinking oh hey !
miniso is a convenience store chain from japan that sells all kinds of products including portable fans .
well his family felt the heatstroke well and they went to best hotel they could buy with the only goal of getting a fine air conditioner .
this is n't confirmed so i apologize but at a boldy concert a couple months ago he mentioned his upcoming work all of which have been released so far including the craven and futurewave tapes .
he also mentioned he has a project with daringer coming so keep an eye out for that
that group is a nightmare wall to wall solid teams .
so undisciplined i wonder what can fix that ... coaching maybe ?
yeah it 's all in the past nothing too recent .
qwest liiv reef and a few others also pop up on there .
let me see if i can find some that were busted for spoofing their numbers
now i get the image of him trying to absorb it but then being hurt by that sheer power of the heat he give off
sounds like the kid needs a talk that in our society as it currently stands education is the ultimate prep .
and being able to get a good job to be financially secure minimise debt maximise savings buy land/housing yes put toward more traditional prepper-type preps is the way to go .
but i can relate to being young and feeling that that is a helluva lot of never ending work to just become a cog in the machine and seeking refuge in whatever form of escapism tickles your fancy whether it 's prepping or ... whatever .
just so long as he keeps things in balance and still keeps working on his education and career business plans while also learning about prepping on the side .
dang ... thats a little too steep for me but that bcm barrel is sexy
doing dick rating sph and overall degrading of worthless men rn
bro i seriously thought this was someone showing a new miner in satisfactory update 7💀
lots of birth control methods are n't super effective .
schedule an appointment and start taking folic acid daily in the case that are are pregnant and decide to continue the pregnancy .
the first 8 weeks are crucial and those things can cause birth defects .
yb part reminded me of the flow on my time a lil idk how to feel bout it .
your submission has been removed due to a lack in verification .
if this is your verification https imgur.com/a/1wpns9r please leave this post up and send a message through modmail to the moderators .
if you have still yet to verify it will only take a moment and ensures a healthy community full of exhibitionists !
if you received this message in error please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/labiagw if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's roleplay https www.reddit.com/r/fetishnz ? f=flair_name 3a 22roleplay 22 dom/sub https www.reddit.com/r/fetishnz ? f=flair_name 3a 22dom 2fsub 22 femdom https www.reddit.com/r/fetishnz ? f=flair_name 3a 22femdom 22 squirting/pee https www.reddit.com/r/fetishnz ? f=flair_name 3a 22squirting 2fpee 22 leather/latex https www.reddit.com/r/fetishnz ? f=flair_name 3a 22leather 2frubber 22 feet https www.reddit.com/r/fetishnz ? f=flair_name 3a 22feet 2fheels 22 bondage https www.reddit.com/r/fetishnz ? f=flair_name 3a 22bondage 22 and more https www.reddit.com/r/fetishnz ? f=flair_name 3a 22other 22 !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nzgirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
can we take courses spring 2023 without being accepted into the program ?
was shocked what was normal comp for a similar position when interviewing there .
why you all like playing with a good team ?
it 's much more fun when your team is trash but you solo carry them 1v5 .
they might ruin the game meta and be used in advantage at pro levels .
also i believe they would eat tons of cpu/gpu as they are some super programmed reinforcement learning bots with 100tb weights which would never work on a normal pc .
oh he knows what you 're doing and i bet every dollar i have that he resents you but will never tell you because you 'll play the victim .
why does gaming discourse have to always resort to this kind of passive aggression ?
nah he was joking about how part of the promo is to say that they prepared the dish .
i 've seen multiple youtubers showing themselves making them or saying that they straight up made the dish .
it 's probably a stipulation of the ad deal .
hello fresh meals actually taste alright they are just a bit expensive for my taste .
and the whole thing is she never wanted this job to begin with imo i am a barista .
did n't apply for it ... the pay is shit ... the hours are brutal ...
i get no time off or vacation days . ''
she 's acting like her ci '' is her job ... . lord have mercy
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't even need a charlotte tilbury magic cream !
get your hands on a sunscreen with a dewy finish first like the earth rhythm one the loreal ones or the aqualogica ones .
secondly go for primers with a dewy and/or illuminating finish .
the maybelline dewy primer gives a dewy finish while the mars take a glow gives a illuminating finish similar to that of a mac strobe cream but it 's only available in a single shade .
pro tip to get a long lasting dewy finish and to make your makeup last longer use a dewy setting spray at the end .
bruh they hate you cus i be leaving big ass dents on the top breaking mirrors and shit
i would n't even complain if i 'm making close to 6 figures doing them office jobs ... . this subreddit 's comment section obviously got it goooood..
you 're literally defending the country that fights wars in other people 's countries and talking about keep to yourself '' lmao ...
the us and cia funded a shitload of covert ops from the days of iran contra cuba 's bay of pigs ... all the way to venezuela 's recent political issues fifth republic president spent most of the country 's budget on us exports causing massive poverty .
the army found out and took the presidency with a military coup and the us funded protests saying it 's an unlawful coup and pinning the blame on the despotic tyrant in charge of the army .
what about the other successful covert operations where they succeeded ?
what the military does behind the scenes has nothing to do with the president the last time the president intervened with the war they wanted to wage jfk was assassinated .
so if you think the us does n't do all that wrong .
the us is a piece of shit scumbag government just like all other big governments .
if you google list of atrocities committed by the us government there is a large list on github .
try to identify with her situation and put yourself in her shoes .
she 's easily one of the best and mature characters in the series .
another child in her situation would probably express their resentment and neglect in much worse ways .
go slow learn and understand everyone is different so do n't try to copy or ego lifting .
wow you really have a vendetta on my dog lmao .
i know this might make you angrier but i actually love my dog and her breed mix
nzn niekas nasikeis jei niekas nekalbės tai nežinau kaip tu įsivaizduoji atsiranda interesas liaudyje be švietimo kai visi tiesiog ima žolė šizofrenija '' kaip už gryną pinigą ...
grupo rey y sus subsidiarias les dan salarios de hambre menos de 600 dólares mensuales te prometen estabilidad laboral pero cuando la junta directiva se equivoca y sus acciones van en caída te botan sin darte explicaciones he visto a varias personas en las plantas de carnicería que les falta un brazo o una pierna o dedos y he revisado las cláusulas de seguros por daños a la integridad personal y dan unas indemnizaciones de hambre para ellos la vida humana no vale gran cosa los turnos de madrugada los pagan a 1.25 tiempos no a 1.50 osea que tu sueño no vale hay una de bochinchosos en cada uno de los mercados merodeando para crear bochinche y apadrinar sinverguenzuras y algunas si no juegas vivo pueden costarte hasta el trabajo hay cierto aire de superioridad '' entre algunas personas que hacen de supervisor de piso y miran con desconfianza o desprecio a algunos empacadores tratan de separarlos de su planilla roja '' como si fueran menos '' o esos '' en especial con las cajeras ah la mafia de los empacadores hay una empresa que los capacita '' pero ellos mismos tienen que comprar su gafete sus suéteres pantalones y zapatos y si estas tirado básicamente tienes que desembolsar como 60 dólares para uniformarte al inicio ah y tienes que caerle bien a los administradores de la empresita y su terrible carácter porque sino te botan sin derecho a absolumente nada de empacador y no tienes reclamo porque ni firmaste nada ni tienes nada que te ampare excepto el buen o mal humor de los que te dan el permiso '' aunque laboralmente estés bajo codependencia economica y subordinación como en un trabajo con papeles pero sin prestaciones laborales ni siquiera un seguro social simbolico solo monedas .
my advice do n't rely on people liking what you post .
it does n't mean i have mental capacity to have a quality interaction with all of them .
the vehicle operator presses the wrong pedal without realizing it and then because they are panicking due to thinking they 're pressing the brakes but the brakes are n't working they keep pressing the accelerator the way you would apply the brakes during an emergency situation .
i 'd imagine if you 're driving a bus and the brakes not only failed but the bus actually sped up despite you having the brake pedal pressed to the floor screaming and bracing for the impact you can clearly see coming would n't be unexpected behavior .
as the drive apparently thought that 's what was occuring his reaction in the video makes sense .
the lack of a seatbelt is a whole other issue and he 's lucky he only apparently suffered minor injuries .
i just love seeing people have a place to express themselves .
i will never get sick of seeing you clothed or unclothed 🤭😍😘
how is keyaru evil if he only rapes and tortures evil people ?
the fact that i 've seen them with my own eyes .
the materials are junk and the plastics used are absolutely atrocious .
and the electronics are whatever they could throw in that was cheap and it is about a 50/50 whether it works or not .
about the same rate as the knockoff hobbywing 1060s .
i would really like to whack the fuck out of that
uryu 's dad also conveniently has a magic arrow that nullifies almighty .
it 's not a stretch to think he probably developed a method to nullify auswahlens
i have been provided access to dv360 by a partner agency but i 'm too scared that i 'll mess their things up .
it seems i 'll have to learn the hard way .
i was trying to find out how i could utilize that to create custom bidding scripts .
the system generates a lookup table of sorts that tells you you being an advertiser how your creative would perform scored for example from 0.0 to 1.0 or 1 to 100 on various publisher platforms .
wait.. players in the prem are n't allowed to bet on any football matches ?
would n't the fear be like they go after loved ones like in superhero movies and shows ?
using credits but not opening reserves till the token thingy ?
i 'm sure you can probably find a mount and make it work .
but you could sell yours for 200 and put it towards these if you really want nice kac solution .
anyway lad gave a great morning afternoon evening goodnight depends on where u at on this planet .
so i may have missed a generation but what is the conspiracy w wm and being compromised or ties w defs le
i thought its normal for markets to shut down when they feel compromised
i think it 's only a one week event then it 's gone .
usually it 's msps plus collectibles and the cards are all well worth the investment which is steep .
she only loves people who look believe and think just like her .
it 's challenging for sure but you can at least take your time to think and beat it .
with the drinking game it 's so fast and stressful i need just as much time to get my heart rate back down afterwards as eivor needs to sober up .
people always got ta be first and in a hurry to get to no where .
they look very at ease in this photo and they 've been around long enough where if you have n't had any trouble with them yet this should be a fine place for them to have their nest until their season ends sometime within the next couple months .
ntsc is impossible without modifying the game or hardware https youtu.be/z2zusiitbss
well ... it says we will get better by zero wins hahahaha ! ! !
maybe they should throw in jordan poole for good measure and a few first round picks lol !
eyeballs the new staff weapons wake up lin and lissa you got some new toys to play with 😭
just because something is outsourced does n't mean the devs do n't get access to official assets .
i 'd rather they introduced passes and extended a few car parks tbh
your post was automatically removed since it was too short .
minimum of 140 characters please this is to prevent super low-effort posts .
feel free to post again this time with longer content .
if your post is simply not long enough hehe we also recommend posting it on the weekly random discussion threads instead usually pinned at the top of the front page .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/alasjuicy if you have any questions or concerns .
i live near an a banded golf course and when it snows i want to go out to the cold course and have airsoft fights in the snow .
and how can i get fellow airsoft eres to join us ?
on the njpw1972 instagram they posted shots from a live concert with the wrestlers entrance music .
i 'm in ipek 's psyc 316 course rn and am having trouble with the final project .
my partner and i have everything done but we 're confused on certain things she 's looking for .
she has n't given us any guidance all semester and we 're kind of in the dark in terms of including everything she would want .
if anyone is willing to share how they completed their final project i 'd really appreciate it just trying to secure an a and want to make sure we 're hitting every requirement .
i 've been edging for a while now this specific streak being for at least 4 days now .
my cock is constantly throbbing with that sex hungry needy pressure that drives me insane .
and tonight at a work event it definitely spilled over into my work life ...
a woman i 've been flirting with for a while now a very sexy tight bodied little blonde milf who is openly very sexual and has that sort of dirty dangerous sexy look about her .
she 's always had a thing for me but we 've never really gone anywhere with it but recently she 's been getting more direct .
i 've been so fucking horny that i can barely hold in my carnal desire for women my need for a wet sexy pussy to pump my load in .
she could tell i could barely keep my eyes off her body especially her gorgeous breasts .
they are so tight and perky and much bigger than her petite body would seem to support .
she started telling me about how she just got them done and loves showing them off .
my cock instantly got hard and she undoubtedly noticed my bulge .
my cock is thick and long so it 's hard to ignore even when soft
i excused myself to the restroom and almost had to jerk it then and there .
i always like to edge and leave my precum on my cock for a bit because honestly ...
my cum a women 's wet pussy cum it drives me crazy .
anyway i got my boner to calm down and went back out .
she sat next to me the remainder of the time brushing her hand up my thigh under the table once or twice caressing the tip of my cock obviously fully erect again
she had said how she ca n't have sex or do physical activity for a few weeks from her breast surgery but we both agreed we should have some fun when she 's all healed up
i 'll be edging to this memory and the excitement of what 's to come for a while
i want to be able to enter a card comp for christmas but other than santa i do n't know any cards that have christmas themed editions .
it could be anything with a santa outfit reindeers snow etc..
sometimes you get repeat fun but often i chat with someone and our schedules do n't align .
so i guess i ' looking for someone who 's generally often horny and down to get in a call and get off together .
i 'm fairly vanilla ngl but i can call you names and tell you what to do and all that fun stuff my partners tell me they want .
i already have a riot account but that account already has progress on it and i kinda wan na keep it .
if i link my garena account to that will my garena account progress take over ?
is there a benefit of buying hhkb over other mech keyboards with same layout .
i know it has topre switch but apart from that i can remap it to be as same as hhkb .
im trying to get evil dead now that it 's free and after a long time of trying to get the code i got an email that said that there was an order id and an invoice id but there was no actual code long enough to enter on the epic store or my xbox .
must be online and wait in lobby while i invite more people .
only leave if lobby is under 8 ppl with 20 sec left .
i 'll be going all night looking for friends that want to keep doing raids together and trade !
messaging me will increase chances of seeing name to add
be patient as i 'm just getting off work !
im scared to fall asleep in fear that i will never wake up again .
i am sick with covid rn and everything is making me seem like i 'll die .
i had minor chest pressure in the morning at least that 's what i think atp im not sure it was anything and then later tonight i kept focusing on my breathing .
that made my chest feel weird and i just kept being aware of my breathing .
but once i was doing something like eating and not actively thinking of my breathing my breathing and chest felt fine .
now i 'm scared i 'll die if i sleep from covid or something .
my journal entry is about having hope i 'll recover from covid it 'll be sad if i die the next day .
my sister told me she loved me through text and i said it back because i legit am scared and want her to know that i do love her i never say it back as a joke .
but now it will be sad when she looks back at that text asking her to pray for me she also joked do n't die foreshadowing much ! ?
i 've been on shopify for over 4 years and i received an email about one week ago from shopify notifying me that i 'm a repeated infringer '' and that some company in italy i 'm in canada filed a dmca notice claiming that they own the copyright to a specific single product photo of mine .
never once did the complaint mention the product itself but only a url link to the photo as their evidence '' .
i sent a response to the legal email explaining that there is no option for me to submit a counter-claim and that there was no evidence provided to support the claim that this other business allegedly owns the copyright to a product photo that i have photo of background with a plain white background .
i already had my bfcm campaigns setup all my designs in place to launch before the upcoming bfcm week and got slammed with a store termination literally 2 days before black friday and instant removal of public access and payments of my store .
they only provided a cookie-cutter generic response with reference links to their t cs etc .
i 'm planning on meeting with a lawyer next week to submit all my evidence and paper trails to submit to small claims court and file claims for lost monetary damages .
planning to visit coorg on new year 30 31 1 are the dates .
is there any parties or things that happen especially during new year eve ?
also which all places to go visit in coorg ?
stay at zostel but is there a better stay to connect with people ?
in germany one pen of ozempic costs 87€ regardless of the dose .
if you 're in europe or traveling there you could try to get a private prescription in germany and pay for it out of pocket .
the 87€ is the price if you buy it without health insurance !
it 's insane how much it costs in comparison if you pay out of pocket in the us or canada so you might save huge amounts of money this way !
i got a package with 3 pens of 0,5 mg each last time no problem .
i wanted to celebrate the new game with some art so i made a mini series ! ! ! !
i love the yasmin one the most but they 're so cute ! ! !
i live in a state that does not pay out accumulated paid time off pto whether you quit or get fired .
i have the option to sell back those hours at the start of the new year .
would it be better to have the company buy them back and then put in my two weeks early or take a week vacation and put my two weeks notice when i come back ?
if you have a better idea let me know what that is .
kinda a weird post ik but i just wonder if anyone has suggestions as to like styles or aesthetics to wear .
i usually wear things like a skirt with some kinda jumper but i find thats basic for me so i 'm just looking for anything that gives euphoria but is a little less basic ig if anyone has suggestions .
into married straight military frat first responders twinks but all welcome .
i could pull the footage of my match and specifically point out where i got the kills needed it was deflating getting out of the game and just seeing them not completed at all after i got on just for a bit specifically to do dailies .
here is the link to my buff store https buff.163.com/shop/u1092594199 ? store_game=csgo tab=selling game=csgo .
i was too excited to watch him rather than film .
please cudi fam make it happen and post all you have !
i 'm selling a msi 3080 gaming x trio used 2nd owner .
used for gaming league skyrim warzone and some forza .
have to look for the receipt but i know it was purchased last year sometime .
did not register warranty yet if that counts for anything .
when i look at my posts and see that the minute that i become the op on a thread .
there come the ones that obviously hate me but are incapable to tell me and downgrade my posts .
i would like to thank them really thank them because they make me feel so amazing .
guys you made my day today ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i was making a stress ball for myself and when i was putting it in the ballon it burst and the flour went in my mouth .
i 'm so worried i will get sick does anyone know if i 'll be alr .
ich wohne in einer wohnung im ersten stock eines mitte der 1990er-jahre gebauten hauses .
kunststoff und die schließen soweit ich das beurteilen kann eigentlich auch relativ fest was ja nicht dicht heißen muss .
meine angaben beziehen sich auf eine außentemperatur von ca .
direkt an der balkontür messe ich am fußboden 16,8 grad bei 62 rel .
wenn ich das messgerät dann auf das 1,50 meter höhe auf 's freistehende ca .
vier meter von der balkontür entfernt stehende regal stelle steigt die temeratur deutlich auf 19,7 grad und 53 rel .
ist es normal dass es so große unterschiede in der temperatur in der wohnung gibt oder ist meine tür undicht ?
i got some fent from one of my usual plugs and when i got home i took a shot .
at first i did n't feel anything which was weird bc i usually feel it right away .
then after like 15 min i started to get sleepy so i tried to sleep and about 15 min after that i started getting really cold .
at first i just grabbed another blanket and tried to keep sleeping but within 5 min i was pretty much convulsing from being so cold having trouble breathing and my head felt like it was going to explode .
it felt a lot like going through precipitated withdrawals .
i did n't know what was going on and i managed to snort a little bit more of it through all the shaking since i felt dope sick even though that did n't make sense .
like 10 min after snorting some the freezing and shaking went away but then it felt like my insides were on fire from snorting it and my stomach was on fire and i felt awful .
about an hour after snorting it i 'm starting to feel a little better .
is there something it could have been cut or laced with that would do that ?
this is one of the plugs i 've had in rotation for a while not my favorite because his stuff is usually weaker than others most recently but it 's never been poison like this .
he did have a girl run it to me who i 've never met before but there was only like 1 minute in between her leaving his place and meeting me at the car so i do n't think she would have had time to take some stuff out of the bag and cut it with something else but who knows .
anyone have any idea what might have caused this ?
i do n't know if it was from the dope or just a really weird reaction that coincidentally happened at the same time i took the dope but it really felt like it was from the dope so i 'm scared to do more but i spent the last of my money buying that .
get my custom ink coupon code https tiny.one/ybhc4rxe from this link and save money on your next purchase .
first visit the link for my custom ink coupon code .
then on that page pick the best promo code or deals you interested and click the 'view coupon ' button .
clothing manufacturer in ichalkarnji https preview.redd.it/oi15lephxo0a1.png ? width=1620 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=62d4234e3d8634429e90cf75098056d92bd8353c
in the city there is a clothing manufacturer in ichalkarnji .
this clothing manufacturer produces clothes for export and domestic use .
in ichalkarnji there are many clothing manufacturers who produce clothes .
these clothes are usually sold to retailers and wholesalers in india .
a part of me wants to believe i do fucked up shit to punish myself but then i think maybe i was always this way .
but at the end of the day it does n't matter if i 'm a trash individual that 's pretty much the end of it ... how could i ever accept myself being so fucking insufferable ?
all because life feels too empty to take anything seriously i used my being as a tool for my own twisted sense of joke ... all bc i deemed life one entirely ... so even doing better feels like a joke as with everything never funny in slightest .
the laugh a cope an action to fill the emptiness that follows my self destructive behavior
i am somebody who has never played the tabletop in any capacity so my knowledge is basically non existent .
though i love to paint minis and i got a small amount of chaos minis now .
amongst other things i got the 16 standart chaos warriors which i 'm currently painting in the theme of the different chaos gods .
my question was if i can still use them together should i want to play aos one day ?
or would i have to buy more of those sets to make battalions for each chaos god ?
also can you add pink horrors for example to a slave to darkness army ?
im currently learning database and i always forget what is the right syntax to do when coding in php and mysql i always google or looking in the documentation i really want to improve to the point that i dont need to look in the internet when writing codes is theres a way to memorize atleast some of them ?
i was like i know the code but after a minute my brain forget it and have to look again in the internet .
im fine looking in the internet but i dont want to keep looking in the internet when coding also im a 2nd year it student i dont know if it is normal to forget the code maybe because im a student ?
do i need to recertify my income before january if my idr anniversary date shows as n/a on studentaid ?
i 'm asking because i received a letter from mohela that my monthly payments are increasing and i thought recertification was being pushed out to 2023 .
i was told in another forum to ignore the letter because the earliest anyone would be required to certify again would be july 2023 but i don‘t know if that 's wise to do since my mohela account has been updated to show new payment amount one i ca n't afford to pay .
are there any exceptions to the 2023 recertification date as to why it may not apply in my case and i should recertify soon ?
do n't know if it counts as faux intellectual '' but the myth about leaving your cut of meat on the counter to come up to room temperature '' .
it 's just dumb first of all and second all you 're really doing is making the surface a little more habitable to bacteria .
you 'd have to let even a moderately thick steak sit on the counter for hours to get the centre near room temp .
fastest way to bring the temp of your meat up is to cook it !
i kinda want to watch it even though it will make my latin blood boil
i used to play co op back in the ps3 days with my buddies .
i remeber becoming champion after winning a fatal 4 way match which my buddy was also in .
so after defnding my tittle once or twice they decided that they should make him the special guest referee for my match with the undertaker .
i was beating his ass but my buddy refused to count .
so i started beating both their asses which made things even worse .
well after about 40 min of whipping on them they were finally able to get my down long enough for the fastest 3 count in the history of the world and robbed me of my tittle .
even though i lost it was prolly the most fun i ever had playing a wrestling game .
though there were other wrestling games i liked more no mercy being able to play that way mads it more fun .
its always fun to fuck your friends over when playing video games .
ever considered they bought the game realized it was bad then complained ?
but birds are what i love most even though these guys are really loud especially jays
no it 's an analogy where a the comparison with a hypotheti ... you know what you 're right .
meat is not banned in this country ca n't believe i thought it was .
she was comparing herself to rukhadevata who is tbh the only competent archon .
id suck on those tits lick that pussy smack that ass and then pound it hard from the back !
i would not trust the modelling industry at all .
i watched antm and their ‘plus sized ' models i doubt are overweight at all .
hadde de solgt pils der så hadde de sikkert fått lov å åpne tidligere under lockdownen .
your contribution in r/kpopthoughts has been automatically removed because you either do not meet the minimum karma requirements to post in r/kpopthoughts or because your account is less than 7 days old .
this is to prevent spam and to keep this subreddit safe .
click here https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204511829-what-is-karma to find out more about karma and how to gain it .
please send us a mod mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/kpopthoughts with a link to the submission if you have any further questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kpopthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
i have enough trouble putting together a chair that just needs assembly .
no under no circumstances can you not cut back on 5k unless you have 15 kids which is self inflicted
well you need to have money in your bank account for netbanking to work .
a g700 with pilots and crew on call 24/7 .
op check out local art fairs as well as student shows at art schools .
this past summer while taking a walk i met two great local artists who were outside painting a mural .
hi i broke a vinyl luckily not a real one but a decorative .
i want to glue it back together which glue should i use ?
death valley plague of the living dead black gas 1 2 and dark 48 are all pretty great and not too long .
it looks like the s710sc-ki are oos everywhere but i 'll have a look at the full counts thanks !
! that was never said to be the case .
and tbh there would n't be nearly enough given they need to feed themselves first and the number of prisioners in cochlea .
! it 's implied that the stew '' they get fed is just what 's left of the ghouls executed in the compactor !
lpt always cancel the moment your trial '' starts .
also i thought it was the law canceling option had to be super easy .
please check out how to cancel before you order .
there are websites that offer direct links on cancelling .
needs a mode for non mw2 to more easily level guns .
i 'm not going to buy mw2 just for levelling .
i 'm likely to pause playing until they have something .
having to close the tac map before being able to jump is annoying .
so i just groan each time it wo n't do it .
i 'm guessing it 's to try and stop people from accidently jumping .
could have been changed to a long button press .
it 's pretty annoying to go to the gulag with an afk team mate or to lose because they are a bot .
i get the idea is to make a change so why not just make it 4 people but they can kill each other .
if you get a kill you win and leave .
if there are not enough people then it 's 1 v 1 as normal .
not completely but its best to have 2 copies of most cards so you can plan a strategy and you know roughly what to expect when drawing cards .
this is mostly singles so this just looks like chaos to me
he has an r and they 've even heard of him before .
but seriously what is considered as healthy can be more difficult to digest than unhealthy .
the bar is very cozy and the lighting is amazing .
there is a lot of italian food but the main menu has a ton of southern dishes and salads .
i definitely recommend the shrimp tempura as it was super fresh and delicious .
they also have a really nice wine list and i had the red raspberry wine so i would highly recommend it .
the warning applies to french fries in ca so do n't get too concerned .
i 'm with leger but my needles etc from medisave costs around £30 for 100 of each of syringes 18g needles 25g needles and alcohol wipes .
quick question for bogota the screenshot says 26th on the coliseo the venue where he plays homepage it says 29th .
no ways people are saying this is difficult xd i got the blueprint completely by mistake because i wanted to check out the radiation zone and just killed the guy .
no competition at all and it was during uk prime time .
skol you can get if you just camp it for a dozen hours .
he also killed someone so excuse me for not really giving a shit about the state of his ribs .
have either of them really even asked for forgiveness ?
callum is still blatantly lying to layla 's face and mitch said he was n't going to say sorry because he knew she would n't want to hear it . ''
both were laughing with the new girls about what bad boys '' they were .
remorse necessitates changed behavior and callum especially is still acting just as shitty as before so i do n't see the point of forgiving him .
that said they absolutely both will forgive them and then be shocked when they both cheat in casa amor .
just here to say this is very wholesome of you to come and post this unprompted just to help the community 🥰 good job
while most people would use 太郎はドイツ語が話せるas a general statement it does n't change the fact that the double が construction could definitely be appropriate especially as a response to a question like 誰がドイツ語が話せるの？
if you want a more common double が construction another example is 太郎が花子が好き as an answer to a question like 誰が花子が好きなの？
this is actually an interesting construction since it 's one of the few if not only times that the free word order before the verb attribute of japanese grammar ca n't be applied since the meaning of the sentence changes if the liker and noun that is liked switch positions in the sentence .
i mentioned it because it was the only first person action rpg with guns .
compared to f4 and starfield it 's much better but compared to other shooters it 's mediocre
ah des glaub i h nihct das währe so einfahc zu verzifizieren haher
i hope someday we have more answers as well .
i 've been having an extra hard go at not caving back to my old habits .
my dad passed this weekend and i do n't handle heartache well .
i am in the us but i used to work in the uae in abu dhabi .
i do n't know why do you assume that every place that is n't racially and genderally homogenous has major identity politics dynamics .
the department i 'm in has scientists from all around the world male and female but for most part we 're just physicists .
it 's been like this in my previous research group as well .
the script was written with the characters ' surnames only without assigning them genders .
also there 's no reason you would n't have romantic subplots in a modern single-gender setting .
if your preference for all-white-male works is only because of neutrality and other people want to see more representation for black people and women on the screen i think that it 'd please both sides if every 'neutral ' work was all-black-female .
if that camera is from your house you 're going to have cars like that running over your lawn frequently .
the responsible way to build that roundabout traffic circle is to put up yield signs so every driver knows they do n't go into the roundabout if another car is already in it .
another common safety device for roundabouts is a flashing caution light .
and marking the traffic circle itself with bright or reflective paint so oncoming cars can see it very clearly is extremely important .
either that or a whole lot of reflectors around the circle .
oncoming traffic needs to know well ahead of time that they are approaching a circle and not just an intersection .
they also need to put up bollards on the surrounding property to protect homeowners from exactly what you saw in this video .
either that or build stone walls or other protective barriers .
if they do n't someone is going to get badly hurt by idiots like the guy in the video .
that they have n't done any of this apparently makes the traffic circle very dangerous because most americans have no idea how to even use a traffic circle .
everyone knows that so you have to over-engineer them for safety .
your town has seriously failed to do its job .
i 'd get very angry with your street construction people if i were you .
that telephone pole is going to have a very short life and your lawn is going to get dug up pretty badly .
remember when we had an interim champion when finn balor got injured during the first ever universal championship match ... .oh ... oh wait ... that did n't happen and instead evil bad ded fed changed storyline instead of just keeping it on hold
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dreamleaguesoccer if you have any questions or concerns .
theres nothing in the chests and you get mailed your cube tickets later
if you go to r/3dprinting i 'm pretty sure there 's quite a few people who would be willing to build you a custom pretty nice quality one for whatever their price is but they are pretty fair
buying razer is kinda rng sometimes its shit sometimes its great .
it seems that this video was cut off purposefully and prematurely .
and given that there was another asshole filming the attack there 's probably more video but it has n't been made public yet .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchatsextxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
sabrina she/they i like mario kart weezer and kid icarus uprising
all that in just 160 is a big w. congrats !
why is vscode https github.com/microsoft/vscode the html standard and nodejs https github.com/nodejs/node in does n't give a shit about open source '' ?
useful lang ang mediation nila kung compliant ang both parties or willing maki cooperate nagrereklamo at nirereklamo .
pero kung may matigas or hindi nagpapakita sa barangay wala talaga silang silbi .
our last sesh he said if you ever need help do n't ring the police .
ring the firies those are the people that want to be heros .
if and only if both the parties have high fertility or else it will be hard
met as with most of home depot is a numbers game .
they only care about one number at a time while letting the other fall to the way side as long as the bays are being scanned and projects 'completed ' they 're happy .
my running theory is that with the changes to met they do n't know how to work quality walks into everything so that 's why they removed that requirement .
the books are more biased than you 'll ever be .
plus aemond is not stupid killing that boy would have started the war when both sides were still trying to prevent it
well their response was that i have to go to a family mart to pay for the ticket so that 's a bummer .
it must be something to do with a 2yo growth spurt or something ?
my kid came home and had crackers and juice for a snack a full cheeseburger two servings of fries and then still demanded a cheese stick and more crackers after dinner .
the publishers level infinite tencent are the villains here .
perfect world the publishers for cn do a much better job on packs and events .
tencent typically are known to be greedy though but we can hope things get better maybe
if you ca n't find that info on your own call/email your detailer .
even if cockroa-chan the epitome of moe i 'll still kill it for sure hell i 'll even lit it on fire if possible to make sure no eggs are left if they were carrying some .
did a specific community member issue you this challenge ?
leave a link to the original comment so the user can get recognized for their idea !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotwifechallenges if you have any questions or concerns .
soccer '' is wrong because it 's only a partial abbreviation and football '' is wrong because it fails to specify what type of football .
it looks like you 've made a post without a direct question in the title please delete your post and try submitting again with a clear and direct question in the title including a question mark .
if you think this message is in error then click here to message a mod https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=askuk subject=please review my post question in title and we will review your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askuk if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sure i can glue a bunch of rocks together and we will just make it work .
man really be asking if his rq92 pagani huayra is good
yeah seems like elon for all his billionaire wizardry is really having a hard time coming to grips with that little thing called hr .
working any team to death is never going to give great results .
pile that onto a job which is 99.95 mental focus and thinking beyond the edges of known engineering and one will just end up with a bunch on pissed off engineers with very sore headaches and zero code or output .
hello your post was removed because your account is less than 60 days old or you do not have the required 500 comment karma to make post submissions .
it 's waiting and ready for your hot wet pussy ❤️❤️❤️💋💋💋 😈😈😈🥵🥵🥵🍆🍆🍆💦💦💦🍑🍑🍑
people who consume content in russian live without a brain
you do n't have answers to the question so you pose your own .
it 's not an '' argument '' at all .
si ce legatura are ploaia de rachete si ce a raportat ins in primul trimestru ?
no more space on the desk because of hotas .
i have f16 mfds '' taped to the shelf but tbh i rarely use them .
someone needs to have a serious talk with rhonda .
i 've never understood giving youtubers/tiktokers money when you do n't personally know them .
i never been so desperate to pay someone to read my comment out loud when commenting is free .
tell me more then since you are clearly well read on the subject and point me in the direction of further reading .
i 'm a shellfish allergic person chitosan in super kleer does not cause me any reactions .
also mangrove jack is making a fungal-based chitosan as well so that can be used instead with silica/kieselsol as super kleer 's ingredients but independently for the same effect .
free 1 year gift link to hottest onlyfans account on the planet !
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mommymaterial if you have any questions or concerns .
the year is 2012 somebody that i used to know by gotye is on the radio constantly and people still cared about government spending ...
the london 2012 olympics is running £2billion over budget with planning for the event so poor that security costs have doubled a damning report has revealed .
mps said it was 'staggering ' that security estimates had soared from £282million to £553million when london only learned it would be hosting the games a day before the 7/7 bombings .
the swelling budget for security has helped to push the likely total cost of the olympics towards £11billion well above the £9.3billion that the government has set aside for the sporting spectacular the commons public accounts committee found .
nowadays such an overspend is hardly even notable as anything more than small change due to our grotesquely bloated state that is propped up by people who trouble themselves enough to bother working for a living .
nah bro this guy turning up to hell with his cv
here 's an excerpt from intertwining memories and fantasy .
she 's holding my head in her hands as she licks my face .
she 's strong but deliberate like she knows what she 's doing and i like that .
her warm flat tongue pressing into my cheeks gently i can feel the precision of the textures of her tongue with nerves i never knew existed on my face .
i can feel her hair fall over me with each stroke and tickle my skin .
she switches between kissing and licking and i feel like i will melt away right there in her hands .
she opens my mouth with her thumb on my chin and says open your eyes '' .
i find her no more than 2 inches away with her beautiful brown eyes looking straight into my soul as she slowly pulls away and expertly spits in my mouth perfectly before giving me a cheeky smile .
of course she knew i would never have expected that .
i take her spit in my mouth like it 's my last sip savoring her taste from our last cigarette together outside .
i feel the weight and length of her body on mine now sliding next to mine as her long hair falls down as if in slow motion .
she pauses and i 'm stopped in time with this vision beside me .
tracing her collarbone with my tongue slipping into her dips .
how satisfying it is to finally get to her pussy every time .
feeling her lips against mine her heat touching me welcoming me waiting patiently for me to enter .
i trace my tongue up and down her slit until i part her lips into her wetness and slip into her moist valley .
i take my time exploring her getting lost in her until she ca n't take it anymore and she 's begging me to help her cum .
also openai does n't prohibit any legal use cases they just mark it as high risk and increase scrutiny .
it reads to me like she did that in the past not whilst they 've been together .
living for the back of gabriele 's costume but what would it take to uncurse the ice
i think it was one of the markz blame game episodes where he said na teams tend to spend too much time on vod review during scrim sets compared to eastern teams .
yeah yeah but sam does your work way better .
we have less cash than you so we have to be more introspective and have a more subtle plot to cover the lack of money often .
europe also is more decadent in mentality because we have had two wars so the idea is we are all screwed let 's enjoy and analize while the americans are the newborn power so their movies are all fuck yeah even if the character dies life'a good
ok lets just assume thats true some form '' of illegal means in the third trimester .
very few people think there should be unrestricted access to abortion .
even roe v wade place some restriction on what was allowed .
however just becuase people think we should reasonable limits in place that does n't mean we apply an outright ban
fuck yeah it is lol nearly every single shop i go to has it
you 're like someone who walks up to a buffet table that someone took huge dump on and complains that the ribs are a bit overcooked .
this is our favorite kind of comment to get dude .
reaper ron 3 was way too big for reddit https youtu.be/1z_2uew1soc so if you did n't see that it 's like the one video of ours i really want new viewers to watch .
which is why we 're talking about retail theft and not wage theft .
i think they have no clue but they 're following the murder playbook rule out close-associates and slowly move the circle of suspicion further out .
dna will be instructive but i 'd be surprised if it yields anything .
if it was another related drunkard though you 'd expect they 'd leave a lot of evidence ?
the fact it 's taking so long makes me question .
trying to watch a game but these texts from this angry woman are making it impossible
it 's almost as if all women are equally weird in their own special way !
samee yo he estado escuchando muchísimo a the 1975 en general y smithereens me pareció bastante bueno dfy es mi favorita del álbum
i 'm not going to speak to the rest of your comment but i 'd like to point out that the us 's population 335 m is roughly half of europe 's population 748 m according to worldometers.info
r/onlyfansnaturallyhot is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnaturallyhot if you have any questions or concerns .
i was thoroughly enjoying the first two acts of the movie .
it was kind of a slow burn but the mystery sucked me in and i thought there was really good tension .
when it snapped into straight up campy cheese though i was in love .
it had been a while since i saw a film that fun .
sorry your submission has been automatically removed for your title or comment containing '' snapchat '' '' .
this is due to your post potentially breaking one of our rules .
please read the sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/nudes/about/rules before resubmitting .
if you think the post was removed by accident please contact the moderators via modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
i was 20 and she was 26 the funny thing was she had pelvic floor muscles like an olympic lifter she could hold your little finger in a grip .. so virgin me just assumed that was standard i had done my reading and edging so i lasted all night and that was the one and only women in my whole life who could do that .. so the first time i had sex i had the best sex of my life and every other woman since has been a disappointment at least in that respect .
but if you make it sound like women add the same amount of muscle as men that 's not correct .
also percentages increasing means an overall increase for men in actual weights lifted .
so the overall strength increase ends up being significantly more for men .
why not run wine in wsl2 and run a dx9/10/11 application in there via dxvk over dozen which in turn uses dx12 underneath ?
i mean they offer the dx12 api inside wsl2 via a proprietary .so file but i guess there will be no wine support for that .
would be funny though if windows dx11 games run with better performance inside wsl2 via all that translation layers than on native windows .
but i guess the main performance improver '' here is the better vulkan driver by the gpu developer which wouldn´t be used here..
they should have just exposed the gpu drivers windows vulkan api inside wsl instead of dx12.. now they have that abomination which is dozen which translates from vulkan dx12 even if there is a native vulkan driver on windows for that card..
she 's not gon na wan na test hannah .
especially since yeah these symptoms they could just be like that pms thing .
but my feet and knees hurt every day 🤷‍♂️ not terrible .
enough to not forget about it but it 's not crippling .
i have not been in probation before so i dont fully understand what you 're going through .
but i have had friends who had and for a few seconds i 've put myself in their shoes and thought about the extra hard work you guys have to go tbrough to pull out of probation .
i have a lot of respect for people who can pull themselves out of borderline .
hard working students like yourselves i think will make the best nurses .
you fought for it and will keep fighting for it .
have sat in a meeting where it was shown that with a few clicks they could they listen or hear what your doing ... does n't mean they do it but just know the diad is capable of recording everything in view and what it came pickup audio wise .
the minimum adult dose is 500mg combined epa plus dha .
epa and dha content is much more important than overall omega-3s .
the more epa and dha the better assuming this is coming from a high-quality source .
online i 'm seeing that the outer layer is waterproof unlike regular swimsuits .
i 'm still skeptical that it could keep all that water on the outside but thinking about it some more i could definitely see the benefit of not free-bleeding before you get in the water and possibly after .
when you 're actually in water it does n't matter as much .
for my fantasy team and bc i love the ducks twinks
then the winged hussars arrived coming down they turned the tide
does anyone know if walmart accepts apple pay so you can pay with afterpay in the store ?
i think that 's a much more fair price for that deck than 350 i think .
the motor is weaker than that in the older lp120 .
it 's strong enough for home playback but not for dj work .
you can really see how flat it is from this angle .
i think this was just as satisfying for him as it was for us
i 've had my local coating shop do some cerakote for me .
50 per color you can do several items per color .
i did crimson cerakote https i.imgur.com/anthshz.jpeg on the bedlams fact tomahawk mini infidel
yeah but we bought our home before the house market went barnacles so i think we are in a pretty decent spot now and do n't have to worry about these insane rents or mortgages .
can i ask the dumb question here and ask if your start-up is n't making any money then how would you pay yourself ?
you ca n't sec 179 yourself into a loss but you can take bonus depreciation and create a loss .
although the sec 179 carryforward could be worth more than the loss carryforward since loss carryforwards would be applied to 80 of net income .
maybe him wanting to drop the condoms is triggering an insecurity in you that he wants to have that level of physical intimacy with others that is usually exclusively reserved for you ?
maybe the fact that he has to stop and put on a condom for someone else in a threesome is reassuring for you that you 're his primary and/or maybe even a bit of a power trip ?
i think his request is fair as long as you all do the necessary due diligence in terms of sexual health etc but i also think your response is fair and natural .
maybe have a conversation with him about whatever this is triggering in you give him the opportunity to give reassurance around that and work through whatever you 're feeling .
it 's a big step to take so it 's okay to have some feelings about it that you need to figure out but also open your mind to the possibility that it could ultimately enhance your experience .
threesomes can flow more naturally without stopping for condoms and your partner will likely enjoy the physical sensations more without them .
keep those positives in mind too as you 're working through the rest of your reaction to the idea .
okay but we 're not going to make any false idols are we ?
i never was really good at art.😄 love you you 're amazing ! 😘
if you 've got a milk crate you 'd better bring the bugger back
figured out which strategies worked best for my friends and i through just trial and error .
generally with every new mission our 1st attempt is considered a learning experiance .
seeing how useful c-foam turrets mines or a scanner are .
a big thing that helped us was figuring out which door a wave would come through putting our turrets on the outside of it and c-foaming so that by the time the door broke our turrets took out the brunt of them .
learning how the stealth mechanics properly work can help a lot as well pretty sure there 's a youtube video on how wake ups work from stealth kills .
generally i run spear for scouts since it 's the most consistent and my buddy runs a knife to quickly deal with groups of sleepers .
i seriously considered getting the titanium clip point tak but the three finger grip dissuaded me .
we 'd just like to inform you that we 're currently running a survey and discussion of our subreddit rules and we 'd love for your input if you have a second .
you can find the thread with more information here .
please note that your submission may still be subjected to human review and moderator action .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/deadbydaylight if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're right i completely pulled it out of my ass .
or maybe they kind of admit it in a pod ... seeing that you posted about the pod three years ago i 'll assume you 're taylor .
what does focus rework have to do with increasing strength ?
have n't played in a long time so i 'm trying to catch up on all that 's changed .
when i do a gram stain in my microbiology lab we leave crystal violet for 5mns .
when is scott harris going to announce his candidates for gm .
it 's been almost 2 weeks since the season ended and there has been no info on how close he is to picking a gm .
it was me who put that idea in his head !
i did n't think he 'd actually say something to you right away though !
if you are up to talking i 'll step out of stitch 'n ' bitch and call you .
into the back alley where the ladies ca n't hear .
what the hell does this have to do with politics lol
in older comics especially ones from the golden and silver age .
the second time states there shall be no religious tests required to old public office .
damm i think everyone had done that at some point because everyone is sexy and buetyful
you do realize that not all infact not even most men want to take you like that i could n't imagine that other then in a fantasy planned deal .
your not rapeable your desirable you beautiful you 1000 fuckable
we started purées at 5 months as advised by our paediatrician .
at 6 months we started blw giving him soft finger sized strips of soft foods .
he would puke almost everyday at almost every meal for weeks .
it became such a negative experience for him he stopped picking up food at meal times .
our paediatrician said to take a break from the blw and try the traditional weaning route so we worked up to thicker puree and chunkier/lumpier mashes .
once we were at a lumpy thick mash consistency around 7-8 months we let baby self feed .
at 9months he became a champ at self feeding and we worked on smaller pieces of food—about the size of our pinky nail .
he would eat everything and anything at this consistency until his overly sensitive gag reflex diminished around 11 months .
we now follow the age appropriate size for blw pinser grasp .
he gets finger sized stuff like puffs and cookies but still struggles a bit with soft finger sized stuff like sweet potato fries .
we give him rib bones and mango pits to naw on at meal times .
we also let him chomp on his infant toothbrush to help him figure out mouth mapping and desensitize his gag reflex .
every baby is unique so do n't get discouraged by what you see out there in your community circles or social media .
overwatch is n't a game of just stats for sure but stats do indeed matter .
i 've had matches were i could clearly tell where the problem on my team was .
i 've also had matches were i 'm playing widow and my stats do n't look crazy but i 'm hitting consistent shots creating pressure and kill opportunities but i get flamed for doing nothing '' when we 're clearly winning in part due to my contribution .
there 's a shit ton of factors in a game like overwatch butthe stats page can help give insight into what might need to be done or worked on .
it 's for sure a hell of a lot more informative than medals were .
the problem would be we would never get clean found it .
i believe it 's referred to as the jbcb to any og
they are now equal to a navy seal y'all .
this question can be answered in our faq https www.reddit.com/r/opiates/wiki/faqs wiki_frequently_asked_questions or our sidebar https old.reddit.com/r/opiates/wiki/index .
per the new commonly asked questions '' policy https www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/8kll5b/introducing_the_you_should_probably_just_google ? ref=share ref_source=link
this can be answered easily by looking in the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/opiates/wiki/index wiki_sidebar searching previous posts in this subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/opiates/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all or asking bimg https www.bing.com .
we also have a faq that covers many common questions as well .
fyi google is not returning relevant search results regarding drug questions anymore .
use bing or another search engine if you want your questions answered .
if you feel your post was removed in error you can respond to this message with your reasoning or you can message mod mail .
however from what i 've noticed thus far the whole 'weak and docile housewife ' thing was gossip and rumors that were definitely not true .
i think what happened is that people traveled to japan and misconstrued people being helpful for them being weak and docile and then essentially played 'pass it down the line ' until it became a stereotype .
i could be wrong and am willing to admit if i am .
i make the money but i am not confused about who runs the house hahahaha .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/qoi2exyqkn0a1.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
i 'm sure you feel the same way about state-level abortion restrictions .
i like it when you just fought a boss and it errupted gold and then in the middle of the bosco it gets one of those
dude your wife is fuckung dank for that lets go
when i was 28 i dated a woman who was 43 .
she was beautiful could cook the most delicious meals was confident loved to have sex and in all honesty she was a mommy. for those of us who grew up with a nurturing mother you crave that as an adult in a partner .
this non-verified member u/kissesfrombritt has shared a post today on r/nofans let 's thank them with some compliments below .
r/nofans verification is now open you can find all the information in our verification guide https www.reddit.com/r/nofans/wiki/index/verification .
join us at all our seller-free communities r/nofans r/nofanscouples and r/nofansmild .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nofans if you have any questions or concerns .
i prefer crossdressing tw over twau waifu 😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸😳📸 but then if people deny your win trade you just send them to 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
its gon na be 5-10 years of the big fleets walmart fedex coke etc .
ironing out the practical kinks of actually running these things building up a parts/service/charging network etc before a casual o/o is able to buy these and make a profit running them .
show me your friends i will show you your future ...
now you know her friends are perfectly comfortable with doing things behind their sos back and lying about it .
and your wife has so little concern about what you actually think of the situation she feels she is going to tell you how you will handle that knowledge .
op you have learned some very important truths regarding your wife .
you have also learned there is a substantial lack of respect there as well .
it 's up to you what you do with that new found knowledge .
very cool we have one from our wedding invitation from the obama .
he was almost out of breath at the end awesome call .
my beautiful wife getting to be satisfied sexually by more attractive and younger men while i 'm able to have the luxury of providing her with everything she needs ?
cuckoldry is quite frankly the most pure thing on this beautiful earth .
as an intellectual i am a professor at an acclaimed university i 've noticed that people who are wholly opposed to the cuckold/hot-wife lifestyle are more often than not unintelligent rednecks who vote for facists whereas cuckolds are successful intelligent people who are going to lead the world into a brighter future !
i 've always found diamonds boring sapphires emeralds amethysts etc just have so much more unique character imho
lucas found a guy with a clock in place of one of his eyes .
i was the same way with mine but i learned a lot .
i ended up losing it after it had two leaves 😭 then i ordered a thai con baby from etsy and within a few weeks it was gone .
i did n't want to disturb the roots and that was a mistake bc it likely had rot already when i got it for it to go downhill so fast .
with two bad experiences i 'm still planning on trying again 😅
happy to see old giant bomb guys mentioned in this video that will probably reach millions of viewers .
laying on either side has really sucked lately for me .
i think i must have a rib out of place or something on my left side or it 's just pushing up against my stomach a lot .
i do like laying back in a recliner though !
why would she post this it looks like something a cat chewed and barfed up
if only ukrainian have himars back then we might get highway of death 2.0
there is no reason the fact that it 's ohio is worthy enough of a meme
enemy core farms 3 camps at the same time with one spell
my core drops 3 nukes on small camp gets disarmed then pings my aphotic shield
the dancing in midair and the trick yo-yo glider deployment is a bug of the replay system for this replay not anything to do with the skin or glider .
i doubt bolt has anything to do with yo-yo 's
fwiw i believe she is also riding the cloud backward what a beast .
all the downvoters enjoy getting calls when windows forces updates again that change layouts how things look or even work ?
so your advice is just never miss head shots ever . ''
it 's almost like genji and tracer and sombra are all hard to get headshots on or something .
camp booties or mukluks if you are fancy rich insulated waterproof and cozy .
you will wear these most of the time that you are in or around your car .
a small battery powered lantern so that you can hang out comfortably with a bit of light .
and of course a headlamp for moving around outside at night .
a laundry bag or even two because things will get wet and you will want to keep these things separate from other things in your van .
i 'm looking for a niqabi so are 12 other muslim bros i know and we live in the west so definitely there are guys whose requirements you fill just make dua and stick with the niqaab mashallah
you should definitely go for more locked squads then .
most of the leads i 've talked to and myself included do it for the same reason as the guy above .
someone on my street had a mental breakdown and broke into my house to try to kill my mom because he thought she was a terrorist .
did n't steal a thing just wanted to kill her .
be thankful you 've been so sheltered and blessed .
they are are real only in the sense that they are abstract .
they exists in our minds as a language we use to explain the world around us .
the same can be said for logic and numbers and morals .
always good to have a teammate to encourage the salvaging !
a scene from the last nice weekend of the fall .
go to this spot now and you 're liable to get some premature frostbite .
it 's awful especially having some staff members who treat you horribly because they do n't want to work with younger people
neat background i am only a person who likes backgrounds
or you could fully optimize your caster and there will be a martial who is much less well-defended .
but i would consider fx30 because it has faster af which is more beneficial in video .
op you can check xh2 xh2s and fx30 before your final choice .
check out some of our other subs r/webesluts r/pornlovers r/iheartfapping r/bimbolovers r/hotgirls and r/droolfetish
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oilporn if you have any questions or concerns .
see what everyone else is doing and move accordingly would be my first idea
unfortunately your post was removed as it violates one of our rules
off-topic posts must be strongly relevant to d d or other ttrpgs and must include an attempt at humor or entertainment .
posts with a very loose connection to d d/ttrpgs such as generic fantasy memes will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis .
twitter tumblr discord are an acceptable medium the original source must be reasonably related to d d .
non-relevant social media screencaps with a captioned tie-in i.e .
when the class does thing '' will be removed .
secondly if you are able to amend your post to fit the rules you 're welcome to resubmit your meme .
lastly if you believe your post was removed by mistake please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dndmemes subject message .
messages simply complaining about a removal or how many upvotes your post had will not be responded to .
wrestlers with pacific island heritage in general seem to just get a little puffy as they get older .
it 's kinda weird though roman and baron essentially have the same physique but baron hides his tumby with omos ' gear that got shrunk in the wash .
smoked ... shit kills ai n't no joke whatsoever .
all these people just jumping into smoking blues '' fucking retards cause i climbed up the ladder you know .
i had been doing opiates/opioids for years before i got on fent these people with no experience to opioids are just jumping into fent and people wonder why so many of them are overdosing ? ?
like common man have some sense about the risk .
i would probably use it to control animals at the zoo and pet the god damn cute tigers
as a super pale person i 'm jealous of the fact you do n't get burnt within 5 minutes of sun lol
yeah i do n't think that 's how it would work because you can contract the muscle and in fact are likely to it just will be blocked from the action it 's attempting .
like pushing against a wall instead of pushing a box both will eventually build muscle .
yes there 's only banana and there can be only one .
it 's a big job regardless of the vehicle .
your post was removed because we require a minimum account-age and karma that you do not meet .
in an effort to prevent spammers/bots from circumventing this filter the minimums are not disclosed .
messaging mods for the minimums will result in a 30-day ban .
if you are trying to post a picture of yourself please do n't original content oc is not allowed try r/gonewild .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boobies if you have any questions or concerns .
my lesbian neighbors marina and julia asked me to help them conceive a child recently .
they said they would n't mind doing it the old fashioned way '' as they were n't man haters .
for six months now we have been trying but i just do n't have the heart to tell them that i had a vasectomy last year .
what the hell is going on with the hand holding the yellow card ?
and that 's the reason none of us get help with mental health because we fear we will lose our jobs i hate that they did that to you and i hope you”ll be able to get back out there .
he is simply for the people which is why he and anyone he supports will aways have my vote .
glad i legitimately got to cr999,999,999 before this muck up happened lol
i 'm 30 and in the process of joining navy .
age wo n't stop me from achieving what i want .
if i 'm oldest of the group so what .
also it 's an experience which can help you out in the long run .
you are not to blame this is not your fault .
something would have happened because children can spend all day doing things they should n't and without an adult keeping them safe they will eventually find trouble .
you gave them a chance to have those in charge protect them .
unfortunately it was not enough but you could n't have known .
if after a few days you still are without peace you may need a counselor .
atleast get a fucking field goal off that pick jesus christ
by definition if you 're suicidal your not in you 're right state of mind.we know that the majority of people who try to commit suicide and fail regret it and dont try again .
we know that putting anti suicide measures in place reduces the total number of suicides .
we know that suicide is socially contagious the more exposed you are to the idea the more likely you are to do it .
more people commit suicide on a wednesday than any other day .
and when it is the 'rational choice ' that 's due to circumstances that can be changed .
we as a society should be addressing the circumstances as best we can not helping you off yourself .
you 're gunna die in a few decades anyway there 's no hurry .
you see him as below you and do n't want to ?
imagine if you lost your ability to work and had to be cared for .
you 're now forced to deal with who you really are and your priorities would certainly change .
would this man be the type of person who would see it through unconditionally ?
the first red flag for me and i was down voted to all hell for it was the fact the he applied to be on the show one year after being widowed .
i felt that the effort it takes to get on the show is not the same as meeting someone authentically in a year and it made me uncomfortable .
but then someone came and commented that he had a new girlfriend 3 months after he was widowed .
i 'm sorry if it makes me judgemental but it turned me off completely .
it is the return of comics conventions to the bay area with fan expo san francisco from fri 11/25 through sun 11/27 .
you 'll want to check out this special panel on saturday november 26th at 11am
so you want to be a comic book retailer ... ?
comics are the spine of modern pop culture and it 's a fantasy of many to own their own comic book store .
but what is the reality of running your own business in the currently fast-changing market ?
meet some of the best comic shop owners of the bay area anna warren cebrian of illusive comics games santa clara eitan manhoff of cape and cowl comics oakland ls kafka of sour cherry comics san francisco and leef smith of mission comics art san francisco in a panel moderated by brian hibbs of comix experience san francisco .
you 'll learn what thrills this diverse group of owners as well as the common sets of challenges and how they 're being faced to build the comics industry of the future !
so i 'm really getting bored of fortnite and i 'm thinking of switching to apex and i 'm on switch but if i download apex i 'll have to delete fortnite what should i delete fortnite and get apex or do n't do anything
nowadays it seems more difficult and expensive to evict a tenant if you 're a mom and pop landlord .
courts are backlogged and regulations are favorable towards tenants .
here in ca there 's a trend called cash for keys .
some tenants game the system by living rent free for 3-5 months then negotiate to leave the property if paid .
they dodge eviction going on their record and repeat the process .
it seems damaging if that 's your only rental .
large corporations with hundreds of units can recover just fine .
going forward it seems the risks are lopsided vs rewards to own a rental .
so large corporations might have end up owning majority of rentals out there .
search for all deleted posts https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=title 3abryandupontgray restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all include_over_18=on by this author
the other two loans i have covered for living expenses and to make sure i do n't lose the apartment .
simply put i need an extra 1000 to keep my music dreams alive .
i 'd be happy to share the songs we 've recorded so far .
very communicative and very likely to return the loan early .
asking for 1000 and willing to pay 1380 on payback .
it 's a long shot considering my history but definitely let me know if you 're willing to help out .
this sub has helped me a lot in the past .
it has been a while since i posted last so i wanted to come show you some more love .
i absolutely loved that you and sarcasm have been able to squash the drama and make mends .
i love to see how far you have come and i am extremely proud of you .
i know there are ups and downs but the way i see you working through them all gracefully says a lot .
stay strong and always know that if you need anything at all i am here and there is a whole tribe of other people here rooting for you .
i will roughly describe the game the game takes place in a technological future.the main character is an anthropomorphic creature something like a dog has a color palette of something like pink or purple with white on the belly .
4 arms and 2 legs runs around with pistols that can be upgraded by finding blueprints .
the blueprints could be obtained with the help of her robot friend whose head resembled a caamera he had a color palette of black with gold and a green eye one.these two characters had different gameplay the first one ran around the location which was presented in a 2d platformer while everything was done in 3d she ran to the right destroying robots drones etc. dodging obstacles something can remind jetpack joyride or rayman with its gameplay .
in the final level she fights a boss that looks like portal drones.for the robot the gameplay consisted of stealth he had to get from point a to point b while not getting caught on cameras.i really want to find the name of this game i really liked it .
the driver side mirror on my us m3 has a lower fov than the passenger side .
noticed that the cars sold in eu have a convex mirror on the driver side
i 've been meaning to get the convex mirror for the drivers side .
what would be the best approach to getting something oem ?
do n't wan na lose the heating+dimming functionality by going aftermarket
me a very kinky man in his fifties who enjoys xxx erotic role-play and chat ...
in the main i am aroused by the arousal of my partner .
panting grunting sweaty arousal blow jobs hand jobs objects in vaginas and rectums unusual lubrication .
being the creepy older male neighbour that peeks on the younger weaker pretty girl next door .
being the horny lad that is in lust with the sexy milf next door
meeting you at a dark smoke filled bar and fingering you in a corner you too drunk to care
having three long prehensile cock tipped tentacles that fuck your mouth pussy and rectum filling you with slimey alien semen
sitting next to school girls on the train wanking my cock hidden under a bag .
answer this question when you say hi please what arouses you about older men ?
short story i sold a roth ira worth 142k in 2020 during a divorce to help with lawyer fees and purchase a place to stay while getting divorced .
fast forward to today i get a bill for 42k tax i owe 8k understatement penalty and 3k in interest .
i thought there were some rules during 2020 that said taxes on money taken out of roth iras were not taxable up to 100k .
any advice on an accountant i can use or anything to help me out of a tax bill that 's higher than my current yearly salary ?
is it possible that the irs ca n't see this is a roth ira and that 's the issue ?
i 've had my kaweco al sport raw aluminum for 7 years or so have n't used it much in the past year .
i went to unscrew the cap today and instead of the cap coming off the body of the pen came off leaving the cap attached to the nib section and i have no idea how to unscrew it .
the new york times reported friday the justice department had opened an antitrust probe into live nation after the fiasco .
the company has previously found itself under pressure from regulators for monopolistic practices .
live nation entertainment is a merger between ticketmaster and live nation in 2010 .
it was approved by the justice department at the time but the company has been repeatedly accused of abusing market power by hiking ticket prices and adding arbitrary fees .
daily reminder that ticketmaster is a monopoly '' rep. alexandria ocasio-cortez d-n.y. wrote in a tweet tuesday .
its merger with livenation should never have been approved and they need to be reigned in .
i was wondering if someone could make just a basic mod that makes the minutemen wear the original/vanilla assault marine armor from the far harbor dlc with the wetsuit or whatever goes beneath it ?
possibly make the armor stronger as well so it is plenty of protection for the mm but only if possible and not too much trouble .
i am not asking for custom textures of any sort just the minutemen to wear the vanilla game far harbor dlc assault armor .
let me know if you would be interested at all.. the platform i use is xbox one .
i mean how their has never been a mod that has already done this on console is shocking to me .
i 'm sure you will make it in the modding community history books for making this mod
i post to my own account my own random thoughts .
i 'm chocolate brown a bit lighter than kevin hart .
i 've been hating being black for so long .
white guys are seen as more attractive and better looking while black guys have to deal with racism .
i literally feel like im not attractive because i 'm black .
if i was white i 'd have alot more self confidence man .
white people can have many different accents but to some people black people can only sound 1 particular way black american .
im not american and i have a white '' accent .
honestly if only i was white or brown preferably light brown to go with my accent itd be fine .
most people in the world are white and there has been videos and experiments comparing an 'attractive ' black guy vs a white guy .
another thing im envious about white people is their hair .
some women even find it attractive when they stroke their hair and also they can position their hair and stuff .
we 're born with a dumb hairstyle thats extremely short and a pain to grow .
lighter skin guys are overall considered more attractive than black guys .
the biggest issue i have isnt really just my skin color but my hair .
the 'default ' hair were born with like the one kevin hart has its just short and it doesnt look good on me .
i look better with a lot of hair but my school says i should cut it when it gets to a certain level so sometimes i have to get a haircut and make it short .
i dont want to take pictures because i dont like how i look .
i really want to face reveal in a discord server ive been comfortable in for a while but i cant do that because i 'm black .
if i was mixed then i would 've had a lot more confidence .
i just hate being black so much that if i take a selfie i instantly delete it .
a girl i 've been dming and trying to get with just asked for my selfie .
i find it satisfying when i 'm able to successfully block a 3 hit sword combo what about you ?
do you guys have any suggestions for a current mini car or platform i could build an rc cat toy with .
the motors would need to be relatively quiet and small .
i would probably build it into a stuffed mouse or something similar .
i do have experience building rc cars and planes .
i usually lurk on reddit but i 'm more vocal over in the fb group .
what the title says looking for a fic that has a member of the smallfolk becoming a noble it can be a knight master or lord as long as the mc has people under his command .
have already read farmer 's tale and deeds not words .
whats the difference from cpu cpu package and chipset ...
big thighs big tits and ass a love of getting eaten out ...
would love to find someone to chat with and see where the conversation goes .
kinks include eating pussy and ass rimming cum play big tits big asses anal blow jobs farts face sitting dirty talk water sports risky sex rough sex facials cream pies and more if you ask
about me 6'4 '' with a dad bod build and medium length brown blonde hair and slightly tanned skin .
and bonus points if you send a gif in your first message !
i am requesting a new authenticator since the previous one was lost but it is very difficult with bitsamp it says that my account is blocked due to several attempts to reset the authenticator and that i must wait 19 hours the support is really bad i write to the mail and i get a message that i do n't understand i have to write here because i do n't see any other way please help me
i 'm 99 sure that i have a bartholin 's cyst .
it 's been about 4 days now and i 've already been to the doctor two days ago .
she recommended the typical treatment of soaking in the bath for 15 minutes 3 times a day .
i was wondering if somebody could tell me how they knew their 's was draining or about to drain ?
it does n't hurt to walk anymore so i feel like there has been improvement but it still feels rather large .
can someone post images that show off her natural look without the foregone conclusion ?
anyone going to their concert next month out here on my own was wondering if anyone wanted to go with me ?
help me be the cool parent so i can show my son i caught one !
i just did some shopping for some essentials and saw a carpet cleaner on sale .
and the rugs are kind of gross now ? so i throw it in my cart .
and bought a tiny gingerbread house and some fancy marshmallows for hot chocolate ... .
i was excited at 1st since i have my bills paid and wanted a little gift to myself but after the drive home i 'm a little bummed that i just spent like 200 at once ? 😪
notes left hanging over the counter are the times you can fire you for any reason including getting your last paycheck .
i 'm slightly ashamed to admit it but i only worked saturday nights for a previous murder .
albertus lewis allegedly shot myra sanchez in the next day to a speedy trial .
you have to consider the bond statute of the things i did wrong last time .
cruz you 're very familiar with the owner but frankly it 's not my problem .
legal breaks this seems to change by states but generally you can quit your job after putting in a good effort .
later one of the way inventory needs change over the phone and be as far away from the other party as possible .
i did not see her again after that first interview and i only had for maybe 9 weeks and i 'm mad about it .
and while i 'm on record i just fired a client .
i did wrong with no stress or lasting damage .
slavery made money also and was a mistake to release a violent criminal on bond for a previous murder .
later one of the fbi against the american citizens that you have already quit .
meaning it is true that when i was not to show up while she was threatened i 'd take her job .
because of the things i did wrong last time .
cũng dùng để đan móc áo pull áo khoác nhưng sợi sẽ to hơn sợi dk .
khi móc thú len phải móc chặt tay tránh lộ bông khi nhồi .
nên chọn loại kim móc có size nhỏ hơn so với size gợi ý trên mác của len 1 size nhé .
ví dụ ở mác của len ghi là dùng cho kim 3,5 mm thì bạn nên dùng kim 2,5mm là phù hợp .
và chọn loại kim móc có đầu móc bằng kim loại trơn mịn để móc dễ dàng .
hi guys you all have been giving great response to my content drawings here and i am quite grateful for that .
after a little success of my ad 2022 calendar i made this for the year 2023 .
one more of a decorative and other with holidays marked up .
last year i did the functional one and this year the demand was for the decorative one .
well if any one of you is interested in purchasing the calendar then let me know .
i am not sure if i am allowed to promote my personal website here so i 'll not take the risk and give it to in private message .
hello i am a 20 year old college student in new york hoping to find a real connection here that could perhaps turn into a long-term relationship dating not just d/s .
i am looking for a genuine connection with someone someone i could have long conversations about dumb things with .
i would like to meet someone that i could blush while thinking about and stuff .
i like taking care of my partner cook them their favorite meals massage etc .
i would like to first start online but then move to irl when comfortable .
some of my hobbies are videogames watching animated shows and drawing .
some video games i enjoy are celeste hades and hollow knight .
some of my favorite shows are dorohedoro jujutsu kaisen arcane and castlevania .
for drawing right now i quite enjoy doing character designs although i am an amateur at it .
i also enjoy crossdressing just wan na put that out there in case .
i stand at around 5'10 '' 177 cm and 145lbs 66 kg with long dark hair around shoulder length .
i 'm quite shy with people i do n't know well but will warm up quickly .
once i get to know a person well i can get sorta clingy p
i am hoping to find someone between 19-26 but i am willing to make exceptions .
also i would like it if you were in nyc but again willing to make exceptions for the right person .
i do n't really care about body type although i do have a preference for dommes that are taller than me but any height is fine .
i 'm not going to send pictures of myself immediately cuz y'know stranger and all but if you send one i 'll promise to send one back .
but let 's do pictures after a bit of chatting i am fairly new at being a sub .
some things i am interesting in are pegging light bondage overstimulation and collaring .
some hard no 's are blood scat humiliation sounding and anything illegal and without consent .
so yeah if your interested feel free to leave a comment or message/chat .
maybe throw in your age where you live perhaps some hobbies artists or bands you 're currently listening to or love would like to get some recommendations .
if reddit chat/message is n't good for you i can move this somewhere else .
thinking of getting longer points since bottom of the barrel almost touches the board .
i received my dreamhack atlanta invite at the first event of the season .
i audibled to bant humans at the last second and did n't lose to anyone .
as luck would have it the format has changed again and again since .
i had decided to actually test and prepare for the event .
i locked into mono white a couple of months ago .
a favorable mono green matchup a positive phoenix matchup and coin tosses against the rest of the format .
dominaria united brought leyline binding and temporal isolation cards that initially did n't have a home ended up as what would appear to be staples .
enabling keruga/fires and enigmatic intervention decks and hosing out the little guys but the impact on the format does n't really stop there .
a shift towards midrange popularity with decks like gruul boats and rakrakdos becoming more popular .
witches vengeance ticking up in sideboards and a shift towards more diversity .
i had been loosely keeping track of my record and what i was losing to .
with a 5-0 a few 4-1 's and a couple 3-2 's my results had been thoroughly positive .
rakdos admittedly was confusing because i either won or lost with little between games were almost always blowouts in one direction or another .
i have been active in discord and speculating on what updates the deck gets if it adds a color and just the overall direction the deck was headed .
the truth was recruitment officer is a marginal upgrade but not groundbreaking .
loran of the third path is a reclamation sage with a human creature type and vigilance .
this is very relevant but as a three drop it is awkward in a deck trying to play as fair as possible only further clogging the three drop slot .
i played a league the day of the release without any new additions .
despite not actually losing to new cards the impact on the format was diversity and that seems to be what has hurt the effectiveness of mono white .
i played a league with cards from the new set to even worse results .
i am basing my decision to audible on personal results from a limited sample size .
realistically these are the only indicators that i have .
i test in my spare time and i found that what i have been doing is n't working at the moment .
i probably got kinda bored of playing the same deck constantly
the format likely did get worse for mono white although it is still viable and a tier 1.5 deck
as i was dealing with the mental strains of wanting to change the only real thing i had prepared to play i looked at the decks that i had and had easy access to and most of them had also become dated in this fast moving format .
mono green is probably just the deck to play but i do not think i would learn the in 's and out 's in only a couple days .
an over the top creature synergy based deck with the ability to effectively combo off all white holding creature decks at bay .
i ended up on this deck because of my past experience in the game being almost solely creature combo decks .
i have played collected company enough times to hate the card but also enough to respect it as a powerhouse in pioneer .
angels had performed well on mtgo recently and what had actually caught my attention was that it was a deck i had lost to with ww .
i am trading in a favorable mono green matchup for a positive rakdos matchup .
i am basing my decisions off of playing a lot of pioneer and only playing for a couple of days with new cards .
i wanted to give myself the best change for success by mastering an archetype but found myself using that information to talk myself into something else .
this event will be open decklists that also factored into the decision of not wanting to be on a hyper aggressive deck and instead a deck with potential on most boardstates .
time will tell if this has paid off for me i wanted to write this as a way of working out why i changed decks at the last minute a way to hold myself accountable for not knowing what i 'm doing at one of the biggest tournaments i 've ever played in and an excuse for random people to yell at me for being bad at mtg .
mono white still very good just high variance it seems .
mono green is more popular in paper so i may have messed up
any recommendations for music shows and parties that weekend ?
does n't have to be clubbing i really like live music shows of all kinds .
i was one of the people that got tonnes of freezing with the season 15 release .
the recent patch fixed it but now i 've had several games where things just pause for a brief moment .
longer than a stutter '' but still pretty brief .
maybe a third or half a second but that 's easily enough to wreck your game when it happens at the wrong moment .
only happened maybe twice at most in a game for 3 or 4 games .
i was just recently diagnosed with a 5mm kidney stone .
in the process of the diagnosis the nurses took blood and i gave a urine sample but when the doc came to discuss my ct scan she said nothing regarding those tests .
so when i look at the results of my urine tests i was a little concerned .
i saw that my protein level was flagged as outside the normal range .
is this something to be worried about even though the er doc said nothing about it ?
or should i consider the abnormal result to be due to the presence of the kidney stone ?
a key ingredient in one of our most popular items is off and people are noticing .
the cinnamon is much less fragrant and less spicy '' than normal .
we go through 5 pounds per week so it is not because it is old .
the opening note of bo en my time '' from album pale machine '' has been etched into my very existence .
i wallow in despair knowing that if i do anything it will follow me .
it is simply astounding how one word can set a person off like this .
i ca n't destroy the concept of close your eyes . ''
every time a store goes past its business hours .
every time i touch see hear or feel fabric .
it has been etched into my soul and soon yours .
repeat that note over and over and over in your mind .
twist it turn it distort it dissect it study it analyze it .
and the next time you close anything be it a door or this page .
am i the one who think that this guy steal peter turbo and dark mechanicus jobs ?
i 'm very interested in this game but have a few questions about the gameplay .
i 've tried playing it on my phone but am finding it quite confusing and the tutorial quite hard to follow .
2 what is the max amount of creatures you can have at any one time ?
4 what is the game 's 'interactivity of turns ' ?
what i mean is that i know there are not instances but when you attack you can block correct ?
is this the only thing you can do on your opponents turn ?
5 how exactly does the 'class ' system work ?
each character has it 's own set of cards and health but is there anything else ?
mny thks i 'm finding it surprisingly hard to find definitive informaiton about how the game works compared to other ccgs !
i have a question that 's been bugging me for a while .
when i was in kindergarten i had a beautiful scheherazade costume that i would wear for different holidays that were not related to indian culture like new years and such .
i 'm pretty sure it was n't culturally accurate .
so i was wondering if it 's tone-deaf and disrespectful to indian/persian culture or if it can be considered cultural appreciation .
so my second question is if i were invited by an indian friend to celebrate an indian holiday and i were to wear historically accurate indian clothes would that be cultural appropriation or would that be celebrating the culture ?
would love to hear from people of color directly .
edit 1 i managed to find the exact costume i had as a kid https imgur.com/a/ky46ekk
edit 2 i realize it 's not indian my bad .
the internet said it was either indian or persian and a few people here said it 's iranian .
the question still stands though would it be appropriate to wear this kind of costume to let 's say a random christmas party ?
what you do is move the screen down past the thing you do n't want to see .
obviously a lot of people are having fun with this .
also my writing sucks but you seem to be just throwing punctuation in there at random .
then i found smut on here so a mix of the two now .
i 've not had any luck just falling into it or in working for it intentionally .
i 've come close with a few friends but it 's been one sided where i give help care support without reciprocation .
we want to have someone to designate as my kiddo 's next of kin should something happen to us rather than her ending up with our estranged family .
most recently and painfully a close friend who my kiddo called auntie ghosted us .
i was on the cusp of asking her if we could put her in our will when she disappeared from our life .
obviously for the best but we stared from zero about a year ago .
i 'm at a turning point with another friend group where i 'm thinking opening ourselves up again might lead to deeper connection .
i worry though that friendships often seem to have seasons while in a heathy family structure people are committed for life .
first seen here https redd.it/wlkvd0 on 2022-08-11 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' yz04va '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=yz04va samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
ops brother lied to him so he did do something wrong and op felt embarrassed and caught off guard .
i do n't blame him how easy would it have been to just tell him the truth .
it 's obvious ops brother never wanted the relationship but he should have had the strength to tell him that not be a d .
it 's designed to slow down faster so you can shoot at flying birds without the arrow going too far away if you miss
the jets run the ball and play very good defense .
the patriots run the ball and play fairly good defense .
i think the jets take this one coming off their bye but it 's a 17-14 snoozer .
it 's friday i got off super early and i get to watch on league pass tn a celtics w would just be the cherry on top
republicans have wanted to over turn roe since it was passed they 've been planning on stacking the courts for decades what era of republican politics would you call sane ?
this has nothing to do with and € it has to do with how numbers are written .
thanks for the useful insight instead of these bums who keep bashing me lol .
i read harry august and did n't like it at all .
the voice read as almost sociopathically distant from other people the time travel plot did n't stand up to scrutiny very well and i 'm just not a fan of we must stop progress and maintain the status quo ! as the basis for a story .
the shards from the season pass behave normally it 's just the ones earned from the event from what i noticed .
the high boost gm is my favorite because of the buildings .
well you see when a person loves a corpse very much they commit a crime against nature
i think unless you have several different win conditions tiger doom zola etc .
as you said you basically have to snap before or as you play wong to get any cubes .
then opponent knows immediately whether or not they can beat it and will either snap for 4/8 or leave .
it 's very powerful but very predictable as well .
even tried hiding behind invisible woman but even then people just assume you 're hiding battlecries and will often drop cosmo on it .
indicate your location http www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/wiki/public/tagging/locations countries lt 30,000km^2 states/regions/etc lt 50,000km^2 cities/landmarks lt 100km from you no place more than 250km wide/long '' in the title with a hashtag of three or more letters and no spaces or special characters except '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
quick brights flash never bothered me much and i 'm fairly sensitive to it .
but with a rig like that your headlights might be a little higher than they should be which can make it worse .
you seem like a conscientious person so i give it good odds you level your headlights like you should .
how do you feel it affects your actions towards others ?
headed into thanksgiving break with a mechanics exam that i likely aced feeling good .
and i bet all 42 will appear for their subpoena and will not plead the 5th 500 times .
i bet he will elon likes the attention and advertising .
if memory serves me right the same thing happened with most dragon ball games previous to final bout france/spain exclusive releases for the snes md and ps1 and the snes sailor moon game .
there are also the infogrames-hard snes/md era plats based on franco-belgian bds tintin spirou and the smurfs but those do n't really count since they were multi-language .
i 've checked whether i did everything right about 30 times and as far as i can tell i did nothing wrong .
this was 6 months ago but have you explored making a script yet ?
would be super helpful to help us clean up flairs .
even at week 5 it was only a black spot
the thing is that if you do n't want you be lonely you do n't have to be .
the world is full of people to be with .
now those might not be the people you want to hangout with like old folks weebs jk foster kids or the people deemed undesirable but they are out there .
i deliver flowers to old folks homes and they are chomping at the bit to talk to people .
if you 're truly lonely go out and find someone .
if you 're just lonely cause the people you want to hangout with wo n't hangout with you i 'm not sure how to help .
participate in hobbies you like and hope folks will join you ?
marvel comics that includes all cartoons and movies too or star wars .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've got 200 on pc and 150 on switch !
i have a few of a smaller version sitting on hand and have been working on a version that only houses the bits and not the tools .
you can feel free to dm me about it if you want .
sorry was n't trying to put words in your mouth .
i am in full agreement with what you 're saying .
i 'm just flabbergasted by some of the negative comments who think i must be some crazy driver because i want pedestrians to be more visible at night .
it 's impossible for a gpu to show down a cpu .
the cpu calculates stuff and then issues draw calls to the gpu or put another way the cpu calculates where things should be what should happen in your game and how things should look before telling the gpu now generate pixels for the scene that i have created '' .
if the gpu takes to long it bottlenecks your game but not your cpu coz your cpu goes on to handle everything else it needs to do like running the os kernel keeping your clock time running the antivirus running the rainbow rgb effect you have on your hardware coz you 're using a software not an led controller downloading your stuff running all the background services handling peripheral inputs etc .
the cpu has a lot of stuff to do so it 's not exactly waiting around idle for the gpu .
the other way around though if the cpu is slow the gpu just sits around waiting for the cpu to calculate everything to tell the gpu what to do unless you game uses compute shaders
no beef no drama just vibes hit hard and say bweh .
he should 've been a diplomat if he was n't a tennis player 💅
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=mrredshorts01 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
the manga is in english too if you want that .
in demand but with all the layoffs in tech hopefully that demand does n't decline
what kind of wonderful life do you live that you have handled that many ?
like it was red flags the moment i saw that video where one of the people on the red carpet were telling him to stand next to her and he was n't doing it .
i 'm pretty sure this was just very poorly choreographed by their teams .
there 's also a video of gemma chan guiding harry away from olivia when she sees her approaching and obviously the larries think she 's saving '' him from her but in reality it seems like she 's aware that it 's been decided they 're not supposed to be photographed next to each other for whatever reason .
cause his script forces him to take on other faces instead of heels ... . booby now ricochet you ca n't get 'over ' as a face if you keep fighting faces..
art sourse is a1so n33eded ... . or mods will steal your from ... ... ... you oshi ! ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/okbuddyhololive if you have any questions or concerns .
they are awesome so is the rest of you .
also protect the grid and focus on preserving our present future water sources .
its possible but do u see how i said u cant always say ?
how do you let the entire world know that you 're insane without actually coming out and saying you 're insane ?
the one i have been through hell to find .
my willpower ... .chickpea butte noodles with carrots and peas ... none of it was eaten by the eldest .
what is it you expect you should have to show for them ?
every bouncey i marked on the chart above is an example of ta being right .
it 's just your expectations of it that are wrong
funny you should mention your daughter because that is who i ended up giving this set to .
neither could many legitimate people who should have been verified and posing as those people hurt just the same .
just really frustrated with all the bullshit dazn and especially pbc have played over the years .
i was at the la store today and bought one so i 'd say they definitely still have stock right now !
hello it looks like you 've made a mistake .
it 's supposed to be could 've should 've would 've short for could have would have should have never could of would of should of .
or you misspelled something i ai n't checking everything .
beep boop yes i am a bot do n't botcriminate me .
the chanting in the gym battle music worked in swsh because the gyms were stadiums
the chanting is completely out of place in these gym battles since your only infront of a handful of people .
i have my roly poly armor and a coaltana .
if you do not receive an automated pm from me then you can confirm your payment only after you have paid by filling in and sending this pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=matchesmalone_247 subject=payment 20info 20for 3a 20 5bnm 5d 20spyderco 20pm2 20s45vn 20140 20 40 20 241 message=raffle 3a 20 5bnm 5d 20spyderco 20pm2 20s45vn 20140 20 40 20 241 0a 0aspot 20numbers 3a 20 0a 0apayment 20name 3a 20 0a 0apayment 20email 3a 20 .
if the above link does n't work then try this one https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=matchesmalone_247 subject=payment 20info 20for 3a 20 5bnm 5d 20spyderco 20pm2 20s45vn 20140 20 40 20 241 message=include your payment name and email as well as the number of slots you bought in this message .
if your personable go to the bars that the people you 'd like to work with hang out at .
i think sengun has the potential to be an all-star in the future but here are things he needs to stop doing
complaining about not getting the ball or a fouls mid-possession .
sometimes he walks way too slowly to set a screen letting the defense to get set and this makes it harder for jalen to get to his spots .
taking wait too long to cross the half-court line in transition .
he needs to play with more intensity and run harder in transition or when jalen is bringing up the ball .
the pace is visibly slower with him on the floor .
wait too many times he just throws the ball in the general vicinity of the player casue it 's good enough .
stupid fouls trying to steal the ball 20 feet away from the basket or trying way too hard to get a block when staying vertical would be enough .
this is the 90 the reason why he is awlays in foul trouble .
there 's a poster in a bar near my house that 's for a band that broke up 15 years ago .
if you 're single and loving yourself you are not losing .
can i fuc ur ass with my tongue as well
well yeah i advise one should max 1 player first before heading to online matches .
it is relatively quick took me about 5 days to max 1 good attacker .
i c r a v e g r i l l e d c h e e s e
i 'll take that into consideration and make changes accordingly .
this is actually nerfed to the original rough draft lol you do n't want to see the original it was a mess .
if i am a lssp how would i go onto getting my lpa ?
you 've had plenty of quality libertarians to vote for .
cause buying a gift for a year old innocent girl is so outlandish ?
yeah oils always break down glue i was thinking linseed oil .
if op lined up cotton balls and saturated them with oil for a day .
i bet it would deep through and start lifting .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/f1yemh6cfv0a1.png created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
we were caring her because it seemed like mom had no other plan .
we reported to cps right away and they told us to try to get guardianship .
we have guardianship now and my understanding is that mom will have to petition to get her back .
without a doubt when the collector throws his hands up after seeing king .
it 's so fun to see throw your hands up like him
fwiw i am also a firm believer in the dual crust potpie though i can see the whole put a crust over a pot '' potpie argument .
i will admit the pennsylvania dutch potpie has always been a source of confusion for me though
did n't the galactica in the reboot version have rail guns ?
i 'd like to chime in with a mention that only burger makes a dang fine one too .
btw if you are buying options ... you suck .
i hope you gamma your balls ... unless of course they are leaps ... then that is okdokie .
i heard some bombadiers are finicky and you just barely touch the throttle as you crank it
however this subreddit is focused on actual sex or foreplay and not merely a triptych of them .
we are sex positive and sure that you understand we do not want this subreddit to be a gallery of genitals .
stag vixen is when a couple opens up to new sexual experiences with another person .
we wish you huge karma and wonderful universal adoration of your pussy or cock .
voted for rafaela since she 's one of the oldest hero wanted to use her more but still could n't passive is only the useful thing for her but still saw nana got the 1st place😐
musk deer i want one diamond and then black to my blackbuck grind
especially these days when corporations have mountains of analytical data psychologists on staff effectively unlimited access to the eyes of everyone they need try persuade and the information and tactics to do so .
to say it 's an unbalanced battle would be the understatement of the century .
combine that with the nesting-doll-style branding that makes it nearly impossible to tell who owns what product see nestle unilever etc and i do n't see boycotts ever being successful again if they ever were before .
you were n't exclusive but your friends saw it as you basically being together .
that one friend knowing that you guys were basically a thing proceeded to sleep with her .
she got distant and told you a month later told you it did n't matter who she slept with and then lied about it cuz she did n't tell you the truth of how many times they slept together she told you it was once .
when you do eventually find out the truth it 's a friend of yours and he tells you they fucked more than once .
honestly if i were you i 'd drop both of them i value honestly and loyalty but that 's just me .
please see my reply to cutiepie115209.. apparently i replied to the wrong person please forgive me i 'm new to reddit i thought i was addressing you
try writing that again but with correct grammar see this is why you did n't get a 4.0 in high school 💀
i was at gamestop in red deer today and the staff there were talking about this !
that is the most precious emotion i 've seen in soooo long .
she 's been trying to subtly extract herself from your weird ass relationship for a long time .
it 's a perfectly accurate description for at least half of r/brisbane
do not put any comments in your payment message or you will be permanently banned .
if you do not receive an automated pm from me then you can confirm your payment only after you have paid by filling in and sending this pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=heavyboots79 subject=payment 20info 20for 3a 20 5bfnd 5d 20lion 20knights 27 20castle 20 2010305 20100 20spots 20 40 20 245 message=raffle 3a 20 5bfnd 5d 20lion 20knights 27 20castle 20 2010305 20100 20spots 20 40 20 245 0a 0aspot 20numbers 3a 20 0a 0apayment 20name 3a 20 0a 0apayment 20email 3a 20 .
if the above link does n't work then try this one https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=heavyboots79 subject=payment 20info 20for 3a 20 5bfnd 5d 20lion 20knights 27 20castle 20 2010305 20100 20spots 20 40 20 245 message=include your payment name and email as well as the number of slots you bought in this message .
it really does n't make sense to trade kj to me .
but i think johnson would honestly be an upgrade for next year .
much better shooter and a lot more athletic than he first seems .
am i not supposed to see run off at the bottom each time i water ?
i barley see run off when i do 1 gallon so i 'm sure at 1.5 2l i wo n't see any
raptors fan hating embiid for playing rough yet cheering should have hit him harder '' when siakem broke embiids orbital .
give us the one single best piece of evidence for the existence of a god .
they simply ca n't envision how unaffordable life is on the wages they 're offering and think they 're doing people a favor giving them jobs they ca n't pay the rent with .
oh i beat the crap out of him later he only gets back to 50
i went snowmobiling by myself last yr i 'll probably do the same this yr introvert daredevil fun
i think the experts decided that a recession would curtail this type of discretionary spending but i 'm not seeing any reduction in consumer spending in my area .
unemployed amazon and meta execs can still afford a remodel .
it was really cool but the day/night thing gets really annoying once the novelty wears off .
like am i missing the obvious solution to this puzzle or do i need to run my ass all the way to an altar and run all the way back ?
in the 1st situation i dont know the turn order but if the combo players turn came right after yours that seems fine and is standard practice with just about everyone i 've played with .
if not someone could have had something at sorcery speed and the game could have went on .
how about musk tweeting a poll as to whether or not elon musk should be allowed to run twitter ?
i 'm pretty sure 'no ' would win huge !
often times a one-second map check saves me from that tk .
bro do n't generalise on businessman they have not taken your money a good businessman always invests in properties to earn rental income or capital gains over the period of time lol they do it like this not with your dumb mind .
your comment has been left up for over an hour so it will be removed .
if it has not been answered please use either the weekly megathread or join our discord to ask the helpers .
i have that haircut and my life is totally fi ... oh wait 😔
even just one scene showing us that it 's working out would have been lovely .
dude looks great probably worth holding if you 'll compete next year
qatar really banned yemeni 's like me out of spite literally wth some guy bought tickets but got denied because he was yemeni like why
i just remember him for throwing a hissy fit over the mister metokur drama .
i spent half the day tracking down a problem that ended up being daylight savings time related then half the day trying to unsuccessfully reproduce another time bug .
welp i 'm off next week so that 's not gon na get fixed for a while
if this post breaks any rules please downvote and report
that is stick drift he 's talking about reticle jittering like really fast back and forth .
he and i wish we waited to get married he wishes he would have unpacked his religious and toxic views of marriage .
i wish i would have known i was polyamorous before we got married .
but we ca n't rebuild our marriage on wishes .
im just feeling terrible i contributed to his unhappiness and there 's nothing i can do to fix it .
so xqc should learn from forsen how to treat forsen ?
'' please do n't judge me based off my lumberjack biker look .
i too have the gender fluids i get them changed regularly .
malarkey level of almost all of my friends not being into doing karaoke
to download this video you can use one of the following links
saveredd.it https saveredd.it ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/dankrishu/comments/yz567p/oc click on the download button below search video
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankrishu if you have any questions or concerns .
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/neoliberal if you have any questions or concerns .
i have found a company called liftsupportsdepot.com https liftsupportsdepot.com im planning on reaching out soon to see what options they have that will fit on my 2021 trek .
but so far just from looking around briefly i think just about any strut that is the right length should do the job and they have some that are very similar in size and 100lbs of force compared to the oem 73lbs of force
i think most people watching the show read the manga first it got pretty popular in r/manga many times .
i think manga as a medium is more popular on reddit in general so its not surprising .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
he sounds like stephan hawking trying to seduce a windows xp pc .
i do n't know if this has been shared but cathy mabbutt has been coroner since 2006 .
i think this is definitely a case where she is in over her head .
she does n't need to be sharing such details on national tv on her own .
it needs to be a coordinated effort to share clear information .
cathy mabbutt was first elected coroner in november 2006 .
she graduated as registered nurse rn from sacred heart school of nursing and worked at gritman medical center emergency department for many years .
in political science from university of idaho and then completed law degree from the university of idaho in 2001 . ''
politico b ‘positively dystopian ' florida judge blocks desantis ' anti-woke law for colleges https www.politico.com/news/2022/11/17/florida-anti-woke-law-block-colleges-education-00069252
orlando sentinel b federal judge blocks ‘stop woke act ' desantis will appeal https www.orlandosentinel.com/politics/os-ne-stop-woke-act-federal-judge-ruling-20221117-nbygj2u2ybdftagnlmayajcu34-story.html
sun-sentinel a did desantis ' map deliver the us house to republicans ?
i assume with that extensive testing they ruled out hypotension low blood pressure but that possibly together with low blood sugar is usually what 's causing my episodes of sudden fatigue and dizziness .
started reading the first chapter thanks to this meme it 's great thanks for the recommendation !
i 'm not sure why this is n't being talked about more .
they were all at different parties/events that night so it would n't be uncommon for a door to be left open if people were coming home at different times or if the 2 surviving roommates did n't go out and were there all night there would be no reason to lock any doors .
it seems to be a safe area where no one locks their doors at night .
whats to say the killer was n't already inside before they got home ?
this seems like a real possibility to me due to the lack of struggle .
the perp could have been situated inside the house somewhere and if he did enter the house before they were home he would have had time to see the layout of the house/gauge an idea of where people slept that 's assuming this is a complete stranger and he did n't already know
i mean there was no forced entry he did n't attack in a common area as he would have been outnumbered and they could 've fought him off so maybe he waited until they all went into their rooms and turned the light off to sleep .
it was n't a robbery gone wrong as police said nothing was stolen .
the stalker theory may be feasible but you 'd think a stalker would 've known how many roommates there were and would n't have left the 2 downstairs alive .
maybe k began being stalked while she was living there as a student and the perp found out she was visiting for the weekend so decided this was the right time for him to fulfil whatever deluded plan he had because who knew if she 'd ever be back after that ?
idk if there is ring doorbell footage but i would be looking in the hours before the murders very closely to see if anyone suspicious went in earlier .
update about a month later for anyone who has n't seen it the teen who was shot erik cantu 17 was in critical condition and on life support previously but his family recently posted a picture of him in good spirits so i 'm assuming he 's still hospitalized but doing much better !
the cop james brennand was charged with two counts of aggravated assault bc there was a female passenger i believe but honestly i think he should be in jail .
html emails are still a pain in the ass and use a ton of inline styles .
at least 5 years ago when i was still banging them out .
they 're the party of small government and anti-tyranny while simultaneously waving flags venerating the very agents of state executive authority .
consistency of thought is n't really one of their strong suits .
if asansol is on someone 's cards durgapur would be better in terms of raising a family .
the odds of getting in a car accident with a plane are very low but never zero .
i feel sorry for everyone affected by this directly or indirectly .
not that everyone has childhood friends but it 's especially painful in our case .
look up what the german troops called canadian troops in the first world war and you 'll have your explanation .
a bloodthirsty bunch we are but only after the first taste .
even with the bot saying this is satire i 'm seriously conflicted whether it is .
mostly just unrolling the yoga mat to sit on burning some sandalwood incense and turning on the forest app with nature sounds .
i ca n't be in the vicinity of rock salt without licking it i mean i can it 's just that the odds are n't good lmao .
i 'm not in sf just closer to it .
i will check around there 's gun shows in my area but i know the risk of those expos and want to do things properly
but i cried cause i saw someone very pretty and i was sad cause i do n't look like them .
if you do delete it we 'll consider it an attempt to avoid our rules and you will not be able to appeal your ban .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
a short time ago you were asked by a moderator to verify .
until you verify you will not be able to participate in r/milf .
once you have verified successfully your posting privileges will be restored .
you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/milf/wiki/verification .
new and low karma accounts can not be verified .
if you 've only been on reddit for a short time have low karma and/or you have n't done much nsfw self-posting on reddit you 'll be asked to build up your posting history for a month or so before verifying here .
posting nudes is n't for everyone and we want you to get your feet wet '' by posting in some smaller subs before you jump into the deep end of the pool .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/milf if you have any questions or concerns .
they are against us choosing not to play against someone with computer aided aim i guess .
it 's ok i 'm used to getting down voted for my correct opinions here .
we said exactly the same things about the older generation when we were your age .
we also fought for equal rights for minorities and women .
honestly it 's weird as hell that my peers are these nasty old conservative creeps and i do n't know where they came from .
wild how they simply did n't play their capable players and instead ran their two best players into the ground with sky high usage .
notice are you asking for travel advice about colombia ?
read what redditors had to say in the weekly destination thread for colombia http redd.it/37c71d
you may also enjoy our topic colombia off the tourist trail https redd.it/93yc00
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/travel if you have any questions or concerns .
sad toyota did n't keep these style lights on the new hatches .
i like the idea of a kink that involves daddies domming partners roleplaying as soldiers .
now give me 20 pushups and then you can have your mre !
from my testing playing in handheld with the resolution scaler at 2x keeps better than native graphics and is considerably faster .
keep in mind it 's a heavy game the school area facing north does 29 fps with my 5600x in handheld 25 in docked .
but he did n't have hands by the time it was completely over
not cringe until the snakd turn into a big titties lady
are the councils in your country a bit less powerful than a hoa ?
basically are the english/uk councils filled with the local equivalent of karens or are they actually useful and not parasitic like hoas ?
your submission one of favs ❤️ to r/song might be trying to find a song .
please try searching the lyrics in google play the song to shazam siri google assistant searching on whosampled.com or r/namethatsong .
r/song would like to be a place for sharing and creating original content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/song if you have any questions or concerns .
so funny because they 're not apologizing to any other artist or their fans and taylor swift opted into dynamic pricing but wants to play victim .
unironic tankie and reformer takes aren‘t noncredible they‘re just fucking stupid
an example i have of that a guy i went on a date with told me about how he was raped while we were grabbing dinner before i even knew if i 'd want to sleep with him let alone actually tried to make a move in that direction .
i 'm of course very sorry he went through that and in different circumstances it 'd definitely have me taking things extra slow but it 's a bit of a heavy subject to just drop on someone unprompted when you 've only known them for about an hour .
the problem the op brought up of incentivizing forfeits is solved .
i hope you can understand that 'd also lead to abuse as well one team scores a bunch off kickoff then the other scores a bunch off kickoff .
at the worst the teams just coordinate to trade a bunch of goals
there have been a lot of score x goals or get x points in 1 game '' challenges that would also allow for goal trading .
i 've found it 's fairly hard to get 2 people in a 1v1 to cooperate with that let alone 4-8 players in another game mode .
another way to eliminate that would be a win x games in mode '' but even then it only works in high-pop competitive modes since people could win trade by re-queuing or just stay in he same lobby for casual .
so then all you 're really left with is play for x number of minutes in mode '' which is pretty boring but works .
worked for a subway as a manager in 2020 and at the time they launched the app this was their solution to a store being out of something .
rally thought they would have patched that by now but hey why not let people pay 99 without realizing and get pissed that staff ca n't fix it in store
shame on anyone who 's still going to watch the wc
i have a similar kit i got from russia via ebay a few years back .
you can buy yourself an infinite amount of checkmarks now it 's great
i would like to say this guy is an idiot too but i decided to seek the truth .
my presumption was like everyone here that there would be such a low amount of people who 'd be willing to install linux just to cheat you 'd be able to count them on your hands .
unfortunately it would seem that apex is beginning to indeed have a linux cheater problem .
not to say you ca n't cheat on windows because eac can be bypassed easily on windows too but doing so on linux is way easier for obvious reasons and cheaters definitely like the path of least resistance .
if you can compile your own cheats from source installing a linux distro and dual booting is not really rocket science after all .
now i 'd like to bring some proof but i 'm very afraid i 'll make the problem worse by giving free promotion to those cheaters .
the only solution to the ever existing cheating problem is not stronger client-side anticheat but better designed servers more authoritative like only sending enemy player positions when they 're visible and better designed server-side anticheat analysis of mouse inputs movement etc
we should also continue as the linux community to shame those who use the freedom of linux for nefarious purposes like cheating .
i can say for rent it can be pretty ridiculous i know someone who used to have a restaurant and rent alone was nearly half or more of their monthly income .
they never skipped in quality ingredients so that added a bit of strain but it was always pretty solid and repeat award winning bbq .
sadly they had to close up shop because the overhead was too much but now they do catering i think
i 'd go hydraulic powered armor with heavy slabs of steel covering the powered parts .
like a walking suit made out of jaws of life .
then i 'd give his boots a really heavy feeling rocket blast effect so he jumps more than flies with large impacts on takeoff and landing .
i 'd make his face blank but with a projected outline of the actor 's face all in steel grey .
if he gets in a fight with super powered enemies he should be slow but strong and be forced to think in order to win not use gadgets .
she 's finally gone full carla mode and i love it .
ignoring power levels for a moment the ability to replenish mana from eating a certain element combined with overlord items capability of producing endless amounts of elements e.g .
pitcher of infinite water is a match made in heaven .
he might contemplate stealing it on the spot just for that .
i love her so much why would you do this blizzard
i know i 'm just silver but give me a break here
negative experiences at badani and dominion great trucks but poor service .
i 'd probably munch two and then regret my choices after an hour
i was beyond baffled that vanaheim had a whole other area that i had no clue existed at all .
i found myself making my way through vanaheim and wishing we had more in vanaheim to see and then sure enough all i had to do was follow a dog and eventually i found a whole other optional area filled with some fantastic side content .
one of my favorite gaming moments of the year and i 'm not kidding just coming across that area and seeing the giant frozen lightning bolt and seeing everything that the area had to offer was so cool .
i admit i really like some nb collabs not all of them .
but the asics collab was a bit dissapointing imo ...
it 's insane alright just not in a positive way f*king idiot !
you are gon na brake his privacy by checking his phone searching for proof of cheating and you have already a plan if you finds something and you are planning to humiliate him ?
😳the cheezussy got me actin some kind of way 😳
that does n't really make a lot of sense when you 're already trying to do your best sheltering from the cold .
however i do n't agree with the hulu line .
i do n't know i feel like in any other context or quadeca song pre idmthy it would be cringey .
yet here it comes off sad and like a desperate ghost asking stupid question because ... what else do you do really ?
god my dad did this at a popeyes it was so embarrassing i pretended like i was not related to him .
yup and in the morning too when it 's nice and sweaty
she bought her way into the music industry much like billie ellish did .
they promote them big time because they have big behind them .
thats why they explicitly said '' nulled '' key on their website
now they are just stealing ideas and giving them to their friends .
remember even if you drink again it 's not a pass or fail '' it 's about progress '' .
going a day without alcohol then two then four is progress .
even if each of those is punctuated by drinking alcochol .
i 'm giving them the benefit of the doubt kasi bago pa lang so let 's see what happens .
i 'm hoping na maaayos nila kasi malaking tulong talaga to para hindi na nag bubuwis buhay yung mga tao sa daanan .
sooo sexy i 'd luv to fuck you so deep 👅👅
was n't the complex door was their apartment door that she heard unlock and open .
yeah its called a red flag happens in qualy and races..
i may be outing myself as old as fuck but this is just a prehistoric copypasta https lonelymachines.org/mall-ninjas
looks empty the newer games have slowly been becoming more empty and lifeless .
air tried to drop it and i passed out its the hardest drug to drop and the easiest to pick up
the official statement is only that they mentioned the man .
the creepy man statement came from gray hughes and was a speculative example of what the girls might have said .
i believe the rumour from those who heard the video said the words may have been he 's behind me is n't he ? .
the site is character.ai i think if anyone is curious .
there 's a max amount of times you can chat with an ai before you have to sign up .
weirdly it told me that i used up all my free chats after i asked the engineer how much do you value life ?
as someone who is really into making cakes this is an advanced skill level cake ... which is even worse because they should know better
i personally did n't feel that vera was angry at what lustrous did .
i think she was moved desperate to convey the emotion the determination welling up inside her .
the file was the result of atlantis 's collective determination to do whatever they could to aid humanity the hardtack was a symbol of their collective sacrifice to achieve that goal .
by consuming that hardtack she inherits their sacrifice so that she may carry the light and shadow of atlantis 's final days into the future .
at least that 's what i think she intended .
trusting the judicial process is a weird hill to die on ?
most of america does n't have public transit or walkable cities .
how exactly do you propose people get to work ?
does anyone know how long it takes for my pff subscription to show the stats/analysis ?
but it has a lot of beach boys 70s songcraft influence on it ... how deep was their involvement ?
football worldcup is supposed to stream on jiocinema but the platform sucks .
every single game i play on shoot house is a boring slog .
the games are fun for about 2 minutes when the lobby is full .
but after that one team just decides to leave and we 're left with a 6v3 or 6v2 that never gets filled back up .
then the full team gets bored of never finding the 2 guys on the other team and they leave .
now everyone in the lobby is just sitting around doing nothing waiting for the game to end .
it 's very evident that ping is no longer king in these scenarios .
otherwise these lobbies would never die off mid match .
if a person commits a crime and the court determines that their actions are a result of a mental health crisis their case can be moved from regular criminal court to mental health court '' or behavioral health court '' depending on the jurisdiction .
this involves a reduction in charges and in exchange the defendant is required to start seeing a therapist/psychiatrist/whatever for however long the court agrees on .
once you complete that you get the reduced charges and are sentenced to something like probation .
so mental health court is a good step in the right direction to address how crime is influenced by mental illness .
but at the same time you could commit a crime during a first time manic episode when you did n't even know there were meds you were supposed to be taking and in most cases that will follow you around for the rest of your life .
would it be reasonable to also seal records from mental health court the way juvenile crimes are as well as some adult crimes like first time duis .
edit note that the insanity defense at the federal and almost every state level covers a very restrictive area of mental illness involving extreme hallucinations and delusions .
not only are people incredibly confused by the information overload present in society but it has also affected people 's morals a great deal .
i think for example that a priority when it comes to dealing with the current chaos would be trying to install a decent government by getting rid of the evil people in power but people are so confused nowadays that most are n't even trying despite wanting to resist the government in their own way .
i think this should teach us a lesson when it comes to the way values and information should influence society .
i think the sacred role of philosophers is to figure out the deepest philosophical truths and share their values with society as a whole .
er verschließt sich bei so etwas total und in einem gespräch kann ich ihn zur zeit kaum erreichen .
deswegen habe ich mir gedacht es wäre vielleicht eine gute idee ihm ein buch zu diesem thema zu schenken .
dann kann er sich darüber informieren wann es ihm gerade passt .
i set the humidifier to on and set it to 50 .
i have hydrometers set up in 4 spots around the house including one right under the ecobee thermostat .
i thought maybe the humidifier was n't kicking on but the last couple days every time the heat kicks on i check it and water is flowing down the overflow hose so i know it 's running .
southbound 1 trains are delayed while fdny responds to reports of water on the track at canal st .
hi i just reached honor 5 today and was wondering if i would bed able to get 3 honors malzahar or if you were not honor 5 by the end of the season you missed out ?
i 've been trying to transcribe the drum sheet music for that song coz i like the beat and i 'd love to play it but i just ca n't hear the details for shit .
i 'm a beginner and this is the first song i 'm transcribing so i 'm pretty bad at it lol .
da sich in der gruppe viele stille mitleser bzw zuschauer befinden findet die auswahl nur auf dem youtube kanal statt .
i am currently looking for a new blackmailing victim .
i would prefer around my age but im more then happy to turn any of you older sluts into my personal bitches .
we can either do normal blackmail or have a dice game decide what info i will get from you for a bit of extra thrill
now so far ive mainly got more expirience with the lighter side of blackmail the kind where you get the option to buy out of it i would even be happy to do this with a safeword .
we can either have this play out until you buy out/use the safeword or we can have a set timeframe and the blackmail will end once that time is up .
of course if you wan na go more extreme and have no actual way out aside from me letting you go im more then happy to do that as well .
in fact i would love to give this more extreme side a try and have you completely at my mercy .
im also more then happy to either just expose you online if you mess up or expose you to your friends familly collegues your boss and more .
we can really make this as light or extreme as you want .
i mainly work with daily tasks that you will have to complete rules you have to follow and from time to time live sessions with me .
kinks that will most likely be included are orgasm control denial edging forced orgasms chastity body writting humiliation degradation clothing control public online exposure and many more but those are all up for discussion .
of course you will constantly produce more material for me to add to your blackmail pile
if we play you will get to decide if you want your limits respected or not .
if you ask me to respect them prior to your blackmail starting i will be happy to do so .
we can also establish soft limits which i will push you towards and hard ones which i wont include at all .
now im from the eu but you obviously dont need to be from the eu to play i just though it would be easier with closer timezones but i will be more then happy to have some fun with asian american or australian sluts .
so yeah if you are interested simply shoot me a dm or a chat .
i just started a bit ago and after learning to make a few lattes and such at work on a professional machine i got a small machine for like 60 bucks i know it ca n't compare just for the fun of owning my own machine .
now i wan na upgrade but i 'm not going all out just yet mainly because i 'm not as picky about my espresso as most so i want to find a good machine preferably in the 400-600 range but i ca n't decide on what machines are good .
i really wan na focus on making latte art more than anything so i want a machine with a good amount of steam output and just generally good pressure .
i 'm curious to hear what some people 's favourite song off the great annihilator is as it is one of my favourite swans album but i do n't hear as much discussion about it as say to be kind or soundtracks .
every track on the album is either a 9 or 10 in my opinion .
i think if i had to choose my favourite track would be killing for company or the title track .
and this is a test i want to know what happens if i type here
you do n't need to get it retoned rebleached etc .
when your hair grows out the hair colour will be the same as the one you picked .
there 's a guy in roblox who made a game which kept breaking due to roblox updates .
it 's a platformer game that has multiple characters you can switch through .
that 's all i remember about it and i wan na know the name of the game .
edit i got the answers and it 's vibrant venture .
like the title was playing expedition as kite and threw my mine into a glass spawner area thing and when it landed i could n't detonate it this never happened when i did it earlier in the expedition or other rounds so idk what happened
i 'm a regular concert-goer and i usually operate by the advice that i got as a teenager to not wear a band 's merch to their show .
i 'm a new fan of the band and am going to the citi field show this summer i 'm super excited ! !
and i 'm wondering if the same goes for grateful dead shows .
for some reason i feel like it would be different .
my friend and i were thinking about getting vintage shirts and wearing them .
would it make us stand out in a bad way or am i wayyyy overthinking it ?
also if you 're wondering why i 'm planning my outfit for a show over six months away a good look is very important to me haha .
anyone know a creator that creates similar sims like in the pic ?
everything we can find is for left hand drive only .
i know you 've heard it all before but i 'm mainly talking about the price .
mga is n't the ones deciding her price but they do have an influence on it with rrp .
she looks like every ‘girly girls ' dream doll that would die just to receive her for christmas or a birthday .
we have the other pink dolls buy their dresses are n't as sparkly and ofc the box .
but now i 'm wondering who is the target audience ?
but that does n't make a kid or parents want to buy her .
and 100 usd from what i 'm seeing not for a kid at all minus that one rich person .
if they wanted this doll to do well a very appealing design to kids why make her so expensive ?
i will be restocking all my hair care products .
the sol de janeiro hair mask https www.nykaa.com/sol-de-janeiro-triple-brazilian-butter-hair-treatment/p/2722195 ? skuid=2722190 is going to be at 30 off so that 's one item i 'm surely looking to purchase .
also the kama hair cleanser intensive treatment combo looks like a good deal https www.nykaa.com/kama-ayurveda-hair-care-essentials/p/6939501
ni résident permanent ni canadien est-ce qu'un bac en criminologie dans une université francophone est un bon choix pour trouver un emploi ?
si on compare l'informatique et la criminologie laquelle serait meilleure ?
au début je me disais que l'informatique serait idéale mais comme je suis nul en math et vraiment pas intéressé par ce domaine ...
i 've applied for about 3 or 4 out of the 7 schools i 'm interested in and i 'm starting to really doubt my sop .
would anyone be willing to review my sop and provide feedback ?
it 's not wrong 😂😭💀 the amount of times i 've seen men do some weird stuff on ice .
because r/truckstopbathroom is meant to be a post-anything type sub it 's also the perfect sub to cross-post from once you find an appropriate sub to also share the post in .
another thing to say is that tsb is also intended as the recommended place to post if you are initially unsure which other subs to post in .
but it 's also good as a cross-post parent for posts that also are relevant to other subs if a post is gon na be posted in multiple subs whether in a short time period of less than an hour or even if you wait many days before cross-posting it .
but either way tsb offers freedom for posting on reddit .
i 've tried resetting the app and it still does n't seem to work .
the lack of a clear zoonotic linkage or other water-tight cause does n't mean that a lab leak is therefore the leading or most likely theory .
i 'm arguing that it is currently impossible to rule out a lab origin .
whereas the lab leak theory can point out there is a virology institute in wuhan which is enough to consider that proven in the eyes of some .
i 'm not even claiming one is more likely than the other .
if hurts simply plays every position on offense i think we have a chance
later in the year or at asian markets lucky 97 t t .
where i live teachers are required to sponsor an extra curricular i.e .
if they coach they receive a stipend for it not nearly as much as 5200 though .
they have to chaperone late-night activities ice cream socials school dances family nights without pay .
teachers are absolutely calling parents emailing them as well .
prep period time lengths differ upon schools and 1 hour is absolutely not enough time to prepare curriculum or grade papers especially at high school level where you have over 250 students ' papers quizzes tests etc to grade
they take home work any teacher will tell you this .
it 's easy for you all to make these generalizations on the outside looking in but i 've actually worked in the school systems before and it 's not as grand as you propose .
when you 're actually in their environment you see that they are not paid enough at all .
rule 2 no reposts or frequently posted content we would like to remind you that recent reposts or frequently posted content are not allowed on the subreddit .
if cross-posting from another sub please check the recent posts in r/suddenlygay before doing so in case someone has already shared it .
please read the sidebar and rules again before posting .
if you have any questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/suddenlygay subject message .
as for clearing waves you absolutely do take the attack speed rune .
if the enemy is pushing at all you have to constantly auto the wave .
you also need to think/practice mana management you should recall when you can get lost chapter .
you do n't want to be sitting at 95 mana and struggling to clear the wave .
so as you approach 900 gold you should be using q and going down to 20 mana .
save enought for a combo and use the rest to clear and recall .
also i said you '' the whole time i just ment someone playing swain .
also i could n't even stay in gold this season so .
alumni hall usually has open parking on the weekends if probably wont this upcoming weekend as it 's vanier cup but other than specical event weekends it should be open
is there like a post listing all the car 's max pr on the sub here ?
the one from the game 's official website is incredibly outdated .
i guess that means the 650s is my only option ... considering i do n't even have the car it 'll be a long journey before i can finish ch22 ...
it would be more interesting if gandalf joined dooku during ent invasion of genosis .
and here comes the madden gms who clearly know better
you need to register your kids first following the procedure your consulate indicates .
you your brother and to a certain extent your mother all had to live within your means while you were growing up despite the fact that he lived in the home with you and made plenty of money and could have made things equal .
perhaps you ought to suggest to him that it 's time for his daughter to also live within her means .
which means no £500k house as it obviously is n't within her means .
i am hiring an entry level tech in denver no coding needed .
i honestly had an excellent experience at men 's warehouse on michigan back in 2019 before my wedding .
lying about something that can be easily verified is just dumb .
it makes it also very likely that one will fail the good moral character '' test lying under oath .
they are n't going to tell you who they talked about because they would get in trouble .
watson is a better qb from a long term on the field standpoint though and looks like lamar has not made the passing jump we thought he would
i had my birthday on 19th as well though some relatives showed up happy birthday to your friend atleast he got you !
they 're probably gassed from having to carry this team with the ridiculous imbalance in time of possession so it 's indirectly zach 's fault as well lol
after careful review we have determined that it violates the following rules and have removed it
you have not been issued a warning for this removal .
please earn more karma and/or age your reddit account before posting again .
we do not disclose the amount of karma required to post/comment on this subreddit to prevent abuse of the system .
for more on our rules please check out our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/jobs4bitcoins/about/sidebar and rules https www.reddit.com/r/jobs4bitcoins/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jobs4bitcoins if you have any questions or concerns .
r/onlyfansfootlovers is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansfootlovers if you have any questions or concerns .
idk how any of y'all can watch college football on saturdays and then get excited watching this garbage on sundays lol
it was definitely along the lines of 'yeah these tyres are fine and are good for a good paddlin ' until the end .
yeah tell checo that maybe it 'll make him drive faster '
qa departments would most certainly test every switch model existing in the market
ultimate pats fan comment a close game we might win is the worst in years '' lmao
give other users more information in a few sentences about what you 're looking for so they know what to expect form chatting with you .
this check is done through full sentences with punctuation marks and word count
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
i think syndicalism has a materialist view and approach and therefore is realistic .
yes this is exactly what i thought also especially after watching the bttf musical .
at the end successful george says 'my success is a result of some simple advice a young man gave to me 30 years ago you can accomplish anything if you put your mind to it .
so george definitely remembers that guy and i would assume he also would remember he was named marty and i would also assume he would kind of remember how he looked like .
then i was thinking would n't the successful george think something like 'hey my son looks a lot like that guy i met 30 years ago ' .
i do n't live in a climate where i have to worry about that thankfully but i have heard mention that boot dryers can help .
there are plenty listed on amazon for reasonable prices .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebhub if you have any questions or concerns .
the united states military has the lowest number of transatmospheric super dimensional fortresses of any state on earth .
this deficiency is unacceptable and leaves the us vulnerable to the threat from zentradi masters and invid alike .
we must close the giant transforming space battleship gap immediately or face annihilation .
i like the cast dudes trump best of any i 've seen.. it 's old senile trump more than baldwins malicious sex offender trump which was more accurate then
i have a venator in my main save but as someone else commented here it does n't have the same soul '' as a system freighter .
check out my ev seems like a homework assignment .
we should play ehlinger in these inside the 5 plays .
a lot people say i should not pay the broker .
but i am happy to pay for good services 😊
sounds like you 've been brainwashed into believing sex is vital to your survival .
everything is sexualised and made such a big deal of .
pretty sure there are local subreddits for hook ups and there are things like glory holes that actually exist outside of porn .
there is more to life than sex do n't let social media fool you .
i 've personally never really liked or cared for sex and that trait has ruined several relationships for me .
theoretically i view autism as just a classification based on a combination of personality traits of a person .
similarly an mbti type is a classification based on a combination of personality traits .
an istp having autism is just a person with an intersection of personality traits that classifies them as autistic and classifies them as istp in mbti .
i do n't view this as one causing the other because both the autism spectrum and mbti i view as just classifications based on people 's personalities .
there can be infinitely many ways you can classify personalities neither of them cause '' one or the other .
and just like autism mbti is also an infinite spectrum with no strict delineation i 'm 51 sensing 49 intuition .
if people place a great importance on sex and identity as sexual beings does n't it mean the inability to satisfy your partner due to size an aspect of your identity ?
you were not put on this planet to live up to other peoples expectations ! !
let people talk and keep a note of who are the real finks in your life !
you are making tons of assumptions about me and i really do n't appreciate that .
like i had said throughout all of this all i have seen boils down to people saying the games would go to shit because gearbox was a bad company .
i had n't seen a damn thing about scandals or anything .
and yeah i didnt do any research because i did n't think there was anything to research .
i thought it was about the games because that 's what everyone i have seen complain about the acquisition talk about .
do n't accuse me of not caring about stuff that has n't been mentioned to anyone until you .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
because the eu has a two year warranty as standard and the uk decided to retain those consumer rights post-brexit .
pokémon violet i love almost everything about this game so far .
though i do miss a few of the changes that did n't stick from legends arceus .
they ca n't surrender something that just got straight up stolen from them
i could just go to ikea and pick it myself they have boxes with different screws etc .
outside the store to take from them if needed .
i naively had hoped that this would have turned into a complete no-show event .
where the only people that are there are the people that were hired to be there .
supporting fifa has become a full stop deal breaker for me .
not that it makes a difference to the world at large .
however small a tool it is it 's one that lives in my house .
billy clubs dowels wands snowman butt plugs christmas trees mushrooms .
you say small lathe do you know the size of the swing or bed ?
honestly i think the hair in this is good maybe just have a more gooder chin and make the arms longer 👍
all comments must be civil and helpful toward finding an answer .
jokes and unhelpful comments will earn you a ban even on the first instance and even if the item has been identified .
if you see any comments that violate this rule report them .
op u/spkrup when your item is identified remember to reply solved !
check your inbox https www.reddit.com/message/inbox for a message on how to make your post visible to others .
click here to message remindmebot https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message=https www.reddit.com/r/whatisthisthing/comments/z041jb/what_is_this_white_pole_hanging_from_the_ceiling 0a 0aremindme ! 202 20days
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatisthisthing if you have any questions or concerns .
we were talking about two humans two sentient creatures of the same species .
if a deer started hunting and eating other deers it would be weird and would mean there 's something wrong with that particular deer would it not ?
the difference al 's behavior was part of his back story .
that is what is missing from the current season .
they try to add sad backstory by just saying it but they have n't spent enough time developing the characters yet .
i 've now seen this 4-5 times on reddit never in real life .
my question is why did n't you go through your home insurance ?
if they came out and did your adjustment they would definitely cover the whole roof .
huge no no to have multiple layers of shingles just laid on top of each other .
then you would just be paying for your deductible which the roofing company can usually lower .
in fairness going second it fetches droplet if not negated aha
the office temperature one i 'm not so sure on just because it 's easier to wear a sweater than take off your skin .
studying a master 's degree without prior experience or knowledge in the field ?
0 points•6 comments•submitted 4 hours ago by krampster2 to r/australia
i would like to study the master of environmental management at uq .
the trouble is i have no prior experience in this field .
i can get in because you only require a bachelor 's degree in any field mine is in english and history education but i 'm not sure how difficult it will be for me given that i have not studied or worked in any field related to environmental management .
i 'm considering applying for a mid-2023 start so i would have time to study on my own in preparation for it .
has anyone here gone through a master 's degree without any prior experience ?
you think its normal to drop 2 secs of pace ?
bekijk die foto nog eens dat is gewoon normale vrouwenkleding .
het is nu niet alsof ze daar rondloopt als een bdsm meesteres hé .
verder maak je betere beslissingen als je je goed in je vel voelt .
kan me goed voorstellen dat er beslissingen rap worden genomen al is het maar om zo rap mogelijk uit die klote maar nette kleding uit te doen
de tweede kamer is nu ook niet zo speciaal dat je er maar 1 of 2 keer in je leven komt dan hoeft het allemaal niet zo formeel .
i pushed it off for ages and i had nothing to be afraid of .
finnily enough it took the medication to finally stop being so afraid .
if you 're on the fence take the meds !
i 'm surprised that i 've not seen one like mine yet ...
i wanted to get him as close to my idea of an artistic renaissance type as i could so i chose
italy craftsman medicine logician heavens earth and later on inherited ! mystical spirit france !
the combination seems to be an odd mix but balances each other out .
often i 'll get at least 2-3 flavor text options and a variety of insights .
ironically he feels like a jack of all trades which feels right for his act i self .
more men go through this than they will admit .
specially losing the hard on at time of interciurse or cumming while trying to enter .
you need to communicate with your partner and you both need to relax and try it a and make it work .
the thing is pakistani men have no expeirnece before marriage .
all we have seen is porn and have jerked off also cumming too quickly is usually used as an insult between friendw calling each other khasi also creates the fear that we wo n't be good enough .
as i said its all emotional which results in this .
we men are thinking too much about trying to satisfy the woman and have fear of not being able to achieve it .
it will take time you might cum prematurely at start but with more communication you will gain confidence and do better .
just as you are nervous and lose erection the girl is nervous and does n't get wet .
agreed i enjoy it a lot having a gay old time
you 're right i 'll make some changes and maybe repost the new version !
you do n't need the clutch to shift and your brakes still work so use those to stop .
i have to be team koco she 's literally left me no choice
i did n't know that was possible with newer graphics cards
got ta keep those hot pockets and root beer stocked .
with grealish there 's clearly a reason show off his magnificent calves
its possible that a pos 5 will get lvl 6 after 14 minutes if he does n't buy the tome .
if both sups had a bad game they should think about which ultimate is more relevant and who farms slower .
a cm sup5 can exist but a marci sup4 can just lose the game if it dorsnt get its lvl 6 .
sometimes a core but some cores rather have gold ... .
turns out the right hero should be the one who will get an important spell that will immediately change the next 2 minutes of the game .
i think the wildest example i read on reddit was something like we are choosing not to say ‘good job ! ! '
and praise our kid but my in laws just wonttt stoppp saying good job 🫠 baby ruined i guess l
panasonic is building a new factory in kansas to supply tesla .
giga nevada is also growing joint venture w panasonic .
with the rate of improvement it does n't make sense for them to put all their eggs in one basket .
tesla is locking up as much battery supply as they can .
landlord can fix it and then cry to me about how their tenant is a person who also needs clean linens .
you could try ele venom gyre then because bows are just meh .
yeah venom gyre is not a bow skill but it fires out multiple projectiles so it 's about the closest you will get to the desired playstyle without wasting your time on bows .
its evolution also gets filter which makes its only weakness ground
you can find clips on this sub from 2014 of people hounding for planes spinning out that are basically counted as being dead .
first time i 've seen this meme used to actually hate on a group .
wowhead https www.wowhead.com the largest database this should be your go-to do n't forget to read the comment section !
icy veins https www.icy-veins.com news and detailed class guides .
please report the post above if it breaks one of our rules https www.reddit.com/r/wownoob/about/rules .
if not do n't forget to show support by upvoting !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wownoob if you have any questions or concerns .
i just realized the connection between pharah 's mommy issues and mercy .
pharmacy is n't canon but it sure makes lore sense .
i doubt this is best but i just build stacks of exalted demons for him specifically .
i like that he gives buffs to all four types of main line demon infantry .
right but if money ca n't be taken out of the organisation what 's left beyond salaries ?
it 's their right to believe whatever they want for whatever reason just as it 's your right to believe whatever you do .
having said that it 's alarming how quickly people overlook toxic beliefs as soon as money is involved ... i know quite a few people who are very vocal on human rights etc who have or are working in countries that have appalling records ...
i believe everyone has their price ..that includes institutions and countries ... just surprised how low their price is ...
jesus returns and shuts down all organized christian religions .
ivanka trump turns out to be a man whether this is new or has always been the case .
the moon gives up and leaves to go orbit venus or something .
people realize the iau is n't magically in charge of planets .
this is more likely than the rest of the list .
one would circle the woods around my house growing up i think it was hunting possibly .
where would that be cause i 'm not seeing these sources on google
i ca n't wait for jeudy and timmy p to be back .
may depend where you are and how many you 're shipping though .
now that you say it like that i get it yeah .
i would say that since they 're the only thing using the toll lanes it 's effectively a dedicated lane for the north meck routes
sadly he will meet his end but for now give the brother a shield and hammer and anything that can increase his defense and survivability if you want him to last long
give me a minute i 'll think of one .
your in one of the few cases where be makes sense .
as long as you travel light and do n't mind not making changes it 's not that bad also as an international itinerary the rules are marginally looser for you .
that we 're all codependent doormats with no ability to set boundaries and just behave like fluffy friendly marshmallows 24/7 .
considering he was the captain of olympic when she hit hawke probably not
well we just need more women ceos to lower the pay gap .
omg i 'm so excited i ca n't keep my panties on wan na see
she has no idea whatever what drives drug imports .
but then you could say that about every political topic .
so i 'm not responding directly to this person but for anybody else who might be reading .
this is a solid example of bad faith as discussed by jean-paul sartre in anti-semite and jew
never believe that anti-semites are completely unaware of the absurdity of their replies .
they know that their remarks are frivolous open to challenge .
but they are amusing themselves for it is their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly since he believes in words .
they even like to play with discourse for by giving ridiculous reasons they discredit the seriousness of their interlocutors .
they delight in acting in bad faith since they seek not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate and disconcert .
if you press them too closely they will abruptly fall silent loftily indicating by some phrase that the time for argument is past .
3 of your last 12 comments/submissions have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
guy thinks he 's a star thats the problem lol .
he was going to take the closest zipline up but a player from brd was still holding the zipline .
if done in significant volume that would n't matter as much if they 're literally saying they have a need to reduce reliance on a dominant supplier .
' ' i mean it 's australia hot desert island with weird creatures and weird people
it would n't work for me until i saw your comment thank you
if you really dont care why are you here lul
they 're pretty standard late roman bronzes not super valuable but still really interesting .
i have coins i paid just few bucks for that i admire as much as some of the pricey ones .
it 's always cool knowing that these were in the hands of ancient people living lives both similar and very different from our own .
the entitlement of certain members of this fandom is past the point of no return by now .
people will find something to complain about even if the next update gives them superpowers in real life .
if you claim your plot of land after you 've won is there a time limit on how long you have to build a house on it ?
i know before it was 45 days the housing timer but i wanted to check if that changed with the updates to housing .
my sister bought her house and claimed the land but has n't been able to build her house on the plot yet .
i want to make sure she wo n't lose it if she does n't place a house on it by a certain time frame ?
tldr she did n't know how to build the house once she claimed the plot and i was n't available to help at the time .
she can log in in a couple days and i 'll help her out .
imagine if the bulk of rapists went to prison instead of it being the other way around .
i do n't think i wan na know what your feed looks like..
i just moved to somewhere in canada where i think i 'm about 2 hours from a decent pint.. how well do you rate these ?
other countries have all of those things too they just have decent gun regulations and that largely solves the problem .
if you are in immediate danger or crisis please contact your local emergency services https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_emergency_telephone_numbers or use our list of crisis resources https old.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index wiki_crisis_support_resources .
for cptsd specific resources support check out the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index .
for those posting or replying please view the etiquette guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/peer2peersupportguide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cptsd if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm here to tell you it is the right approach .
the device does very little in the grand scheme of things .
you as the rider have to handle the rest and leveling up your skills is the 1 way to improve things .
you can either accept you 're the weak link or not but it wo n't change the outcome and a very experienced rider has given you already great advice .
this is your friendly automod here reminding you to check the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/about/rules of our sub before you post .
https www.reddit.com/r/gachaclub/comments/ls929k/the_official_discord_server_of_rgachaclub ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf this comment does n't mean you 're breaking rules it 's just a reminder !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gachaclub if you have any questions or concerns .
i could be wrong here but i 'm sure i just recently read somewhere that a newly discovered complete draft of doriath by tolkien himself has been discovered .
i think it was about a month ago when i saw that .
funny how this stuff keeps turning up just when they run out of new books to print .
i had the same thought as well but someone mentioned that the tweet explanations were to present plausible deniability .
all we can do is hope our sele is looking better by 2026
the where houses that i deliver to all have refrigerated trailers brought in just to store pie .
i had recently just left a position due to a fact of future job security .
i believe the industry as a whole could be in dire straits especially with the ‘work from home ' movement post covid .
if a company does n't require a physical building space as a tenant why would we be required ?
same here i just wanted to take pics of skins i dont own but now im worried my main account will get banned cos i bought an account 😔😔
morde 's mythic skin will come together with an event pass if you buy the pass and grind enough coins you can buy 125 mythic essence from the event shop for 2200 coins most likely only towards the end of the event since at least with the latest pass you had to get level 55 to get 2200 coins
i would feel like i want takenyou after the shift has finished
gna kicked my ass but i got berserker king on my 3rd try .
i guess it would just fall under alt rock at least according to wikipedia
hum is an influence for chino and they 've played dia de los deftones .
failure used to open for tool and has been influential for some other artists i think the guitarist from mastodon was featured in their documentary .
it 's just as likely they only killed others because they witnessed it .
not exactly healthy but i just think about it .
because they blew the play dead before the first kick .
they waited way too long to initiate a review .
it 's not op 's or any woman 's responsibility to teach men how to treat women with respect .
and when youre down here georgie ... .. youll float too ! !
the touch by the goalkeeper happens before the attacker heads it to the teammate in an offside position so it does n't matter for offside here at all no matter if it 's a save or a deliberate play or anything else really .
something like 30 of the f1 which was much larger .
will be interesting to see what an even bigger spacex engine can do .
i do think they 'll for sure integrate a second engine type on starship/super heavy at some point .
but i bet they do something different for vacuum engines .
if mars really is the goal seems there 's got ta be a better more efficient way than chemical .
maybe a nuclear powered ferry starship for interplanetary and chemical for atmospheric flight .
i see a lot of people talking about how these can be gummy and easy to tear .
i do n't personally mind the latter of those complaints .
but i too have experienced much better results when cooking them on a skillet as i remember even flour tortillas were never as good microwaved when i could still eat flour .
if texture affects your eating try to cook them in a skillet first and always .
if texture is not an issue for you like it is n't for me .
if you 're wondering about a better brand of gluten free tortilla then i 'm honestly not sure .
the mission brand was the first i saw after needing to go gluten free and i have n't felt the need to look around for anything different .
10/10 very glad i can still have quesadillas with these !
i 'd have to research more of how big of a problem adultery is to determine how much time society should spend on it/if society should spend time on it .
correction even though the only sound in the whole chapter is a squeal from that small doll the story and characters are absolutely sublime .
for those of us who have n't played this part yet i encourage you to do so despite the non-existing va .
it 's so sad and beautiful i do n't recall the last time a game hit me so hard in the feels .
her mom would rather complain for attention than give her actual attention so she could be self-reliant .
do n't be a dick bro go to the lecture .
found at value village in canada 🇨🇦 just saw the new rules but could n't edit the title .
what kind of pot needs a lid like this ?
maybe not actual moderates themselves but they represent swing districts and probably do n't wan na get tossed out onto the street in 2024 .
got ta remember that accumulation of power is what matters first and foremost and most politicians are pragmatic enough to know when something is a bridge too far for the people they represent ex all the republicans this last election in purple districts/states desperately trying to scrub the internet of all their anti-choice rhetoric because they knew how unpalatable an opinion it was in all but the reddest places
bills had to travel further than the browns did that makes it a home game
i was really happy they had sports clothes in brazil 's colors !
just got my 200 stage badge with the most rockstar crew ! !
i got shoa kahn for pre-ordering the game physically when it first came out then when i eventually got a digital copy i still had access to kahn .
sort of but lycoris released in a season that was n't as stacked also its more into the action side than pure sol but bochi ?
is fighting against animes that had literally years worth of hype
you can literally turn any teenage boy into a girl with makeup and long hair .
oh so that 's why the cobb tuning is so popular there ?
was wondering why people would choose such options over a dyno tune .
such a wierd law because a properly dyno tuned car is more efficient and better on emissions than those random flashes people are doing
looks like one half is cover 2 match and the cb with inside leverage has man and a safety over the top not on screen .
if i 'm guessing they want to run to the sniff back side so he can seal the back side edge so you want your cbs in the flat to help run support .
i 'm not in residential but i seem to be getting more and more busy .
i have two weeks of scheduled work in front of me .
playing with friends eliminates the issue of long waits .
there 's varying quality within the while everyone chooses their load out .
no problem i 'd love to see you replicate it so send it over to me whenever you do
i 've read that they were made in bangladesh for 22p an hour ?
i 'm a little surprised it 's that much but i did the math for my situation retired at 68 and it was in the same range .
the only thing that 's a beast is the creature that thought this looked good
make this work with no budget and definitely no reward .
all jokes aside they said it 'll be a year before it gets to pc at the earliest .
it took 3-4 years for the 2018 version to get to pc .
yeah my dumb but did n't put it in the title forgive me pls .
the mod is advanced creation get it here on curseforge https www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/advanced-creation or on my website https www.advancedcreationmod.com
you should n't have posted so many pics of your dog on here .
kind of a stupid move if you are going to act like an ass when you accidently dox your location like that .
we made brissett look like michael vick that drive .
ca n't get to the damn qb to save our lives .
deep balls kill this team and have for 3 years .
rae also make holsters that hold a leatherman and bitkit or two
vom guaran kommt die guarbohne aus der guarkernmehl gewonnen wird .
guarkernmehl ist der dickmacher e412 und wird zb in extrem vielen milchersatzprodukten verwendet .
ok essentiell vielleicht falsch ausgedrückt ist aber in sehr vielen ersatzprodukten enthalten .
ein nicht-veganer will veganern erzählen wie man am besten jemanden von der veganen lebensweise überzeugt .
die motivation bei einer veganen lebensweise ist es die ausbeutung von und grausamkeiten an tieren zu vermeiden soweit wie möglich und praktikabel durchführbar .
ich wüsste nicht warum eine regionale ernährungsweise inklusive fleisch milch etc .
mit den motiven einer veganen lebensweise vereinbar sein sollte ?
ich sagte ja nicht das die motive unmittelbar vereinbar sein müssen .
allerdings musst auch du mir zustimmen das das tierleid das in industriellen großbetrieben der entwicklungsländer '' um ein erhebliches höher sein wird als wenn wir über freilandkühe in niedersachsen oder brandenburg reden .
eine kuh die auf einer alm in österreich mit kalb aufwächst und aufgrund ihrer zucht einen teil ihrer milch mit dem menschen teilt wird es sehr viel besser gehen als eine die auf 5m² gehege rund um die uhr an ne melkmaschine angeschlossen ist und nie ein kalb haben wird .
pflanzliche fasern kann ich nur sehr schwer und schmerzhaft verdauen was dazu führt das diese relativ unverdaut durch meinen darm gehen und dort geile schäden anrichten .
see the cop should n't even have access to this information .
how can cops be trusted when they 're misusing information to intimidate the public ?
i am agnostic not trying to start a fight just a discussion .
can we just call this guy crazy and not blame religion ?
something tells me if it was n't religion this nut case would have had another ideology to push him into violence .
with a 4090 you really do n't need to worry about freesync/gsync .
just get a high refresh rate monitor you 're set .
if you just want to game odyssey g7 4k version is selling for 36.5k if you buy from their samsung shop app and use icici credit card .
i reckon half of the yes '' votes were from people that do n't like either musk or trump but want to watch twitter burn .
the other half are just garbage people for wanting to reinstate that man on the platform he used to incite an insurrection attempt .
the no '' votes are the people that actually want twitter to succeed and understand trump is toxic and should not be given any platform .
idk i 've 100 heard people complain about art students gentrifying certain london neighborhoods
the cut looks fine it 's an original warning picture and the tax stamp i think it 's used when the tobacco is imported but i‘m not sure as i‘m not british looks original .
since car 2 go left communauto went down the drain fast .
they have no concurrence and no incentive to do better .
once i made a reservation and got an email 5 minutes later saying my reservation was cancelled the person who had the car was out of zone and terminated their reservation by accident .
i called there customer service and they were like well the car was never supposed to be available so that 's that .
in the end i told them i understand there has been an error made in their end but i made a reservation and i was expecting them to honor it .
back in the early days they had a contract with avis i think and they would just provide an avis car at communauto fees when shit like that happened .
in the end they somehow managed to block a flex car for me so there reservation could be fulfilled .
when you lose your partner in ikea nearr ... farrr ... ..
je sais que les débuts ne sont pas toujours faciles donc si tu as des questions sur le réseau son fonctionnement ou que tu cherches certaines communautés n'hésite pas à me demande
i want to ask what the temperature of the rice was as well it was n't warm was it ?
tell us everything we do n't know or dont ' tell me anything at all ''
the stealth saw trick really helps on this heist .
but god are the guards can be unpredictable at times .
have n't seen anyone posting that crotale means rattlesnake in french .
i mean i guess there was a point but early jailbreak was good .
a few months tho in late 2019 tho i think was worse cuz of username
you deserve being ripped off a bit if you decided to go to that shit show
missed part of the saints drive how did we stop them ?
it annoys me that there is not a single comma or period in this entire paragraph .
if i remember correctly the impulse response is the derivative of the step response ?
and the impulse response is the transfer function or at least is trivially related to it
my tongue would like to go spelunking in there too
i found plenty of online resources for replacing broken flanges but none that dealt specifically with resulting cracks in the surrounding drain stub-in .
every video i watched showed a drain pipe that seemed stable and solid but mine was very brittle and cracked as i tried to chip away my residual flange sleeve .
that was with me being careful to the extreme and making more than the recommended 4 vertical cuts in the sleeve before applying the wood chisel .
the best solution that comes to mind is to use something like a dremel tool to cut away the top 3 inches however deeply the damage goes of the drain pipe and use a coupler and new pipe to extend the drain back to flush .
challenges as i see them will be to 1 properly clean and get a solid seal between the coupler and the deeper drain and 2 measure and position the coupler and pipe extension just right as to not prevent insertion and proper height setting of the replacement flange .
the danger here at least in my case is that there is n't much straight stub-in runway before the drain makes a turn under the slab .
a mistake by me at this point will certainly result in a plumber jackhammer and a lot of money .
please post back the solution you ended up going with !
your post has been removed for rule 10 do not use any none-time related numbers .
numbers such as weights and heights may be harmful for the mentality of the users in r/anorexianervosa .
if you believe there has been a mistake please mod mail the moderators of r/anorexianervosa with your concerns .
we suggest that you reread the rules of r/anorexianervosa before posting in the future .
basically i do 15 minutes in a infared sauna break a sweat get out hop in a ice bath for 1-2 minutes and repeat that about 3-4 times
what do you propose people look at or think of while masturbating ?
priorities and stating who lacks most human rights is n't a competition
if you feel like it makes it a competition it 's because your priorities are not the same as the one i expressed .
my tongue and dick belong all over those soles mm
i use this to fill up his fountain and water bowl out in the kitchen he 's got plenty of water options but this is his main jam
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not what i meant in the comment but since you 've already written it you can have them 😅
since sbmm has been re-implemented lag has gotten waaay worse as now connections are very low priority during matchmaking .
as someone who watched them in person during the gold cup i can tell you they 're definitely a heck of a lot better than they played today .
before today 's game i still would n't have picked them to get out of the group but i fully expected them to be competitive .
they 're well coached well drilled and very organized .
and they 've been playing at a solid level for long enough for it not to be an anomaly .
blame it on just a bad game where everybody was off but pretty much every single one of their offensive players looked as bad as i 've seen them since 2017 when they started to slowly put things together .
if they play like that again they 're going to get slaughtered by the netherlands .
i 've never been homeless but i have never felt at home anywhere .
being a sugar baby can be fun but it 's challenging especially if you struggle saying no .
these guys will take you out chat you up pay for a meal and drinks and then expect you to sleep with them !
saying no is especially hard when you 're in a vulnerable place and craving human connection .
my advice would be to not become a sugar baby until you 're at least 20 .
by then you 've learned more about the ways of men you know yourself more and what your values are .
even if authorities were to go after his personal fortune and kennard gets hit for 95 of his value he will still be a billionaire ... ..
they will never be 'poor ' jail is the only viable punishment .
i am 18 and all participants and characters must be 18
celebs i 'd like you to play if you have your own great please just make sure they 're an older celeb !
your booth at the back of the event garnered little to no attention in fact you 're pretty sure you have n't seen a fan since you sat down .
you look ahead at the crowds of people on the other end of the hall all lined up to see zendaya or dua lipa or olivia rodrigo or really anyone but you ... ..
you sigh thinking back to the 90s and 00s when people screamed for you and begged at your feet for a morsel of your time now look at you .
you sit back at the booth for whatever career revival project you signed onto and rest your head in your hands .
ohhhh my god ! comes an excited voice from in front of you i ca n't believe it !
his smile wide cheeks blushed and bouncing from foot to foot .
i 'm fact he was a bit dorky so how did it happen ?
he was n't particularly handsome nor charismatic he was n't well endowed and he was n't even an asshole enough to be dominant .
your legs are spread high and wide to allow the excited young man between your legs .
the headboard slams against the wall with an incredible speed as he naively piles himself in and out of you as fast as he can .
i had a poster of you on my wall ... ... he 'd grunt as he jackhammered you in your hotel room bed .
the sex is n't great at least for you but the compliments and praise ... . well that 's pretty nice
i 'm 20 yrs old live in the us .
currently do n't have health insurance as i left my job that covered me .
2 weeks ago i got real sick and my sinuses were to blame .
ever since then it 's felt like my ears have been so full of pressure .
mainly my left one my hearing will sound muffled at times .
and it feels like i have etd since the tube almost seems to never close .
these last few days i 've experienced almost as if it 's my heartbeat all the way through my body .
but now i 'm worried about feeling it in my ears .
i can feel it in my left ear not all the time mainly at night or so .
just need to know what step to take next .
hi does anybody know a part number for a capacitor that uses liquid dipole as a dielectric not electrolyte or ceramic ?
i want to use a couple for an experiment but ca n't find any maybe i 'm searching wrong .
we found a cat at work today and i do n't want it to go to the shelter .
its a very nice cat it 's safe and warm/fed .
so if anyone can watch it for a few days that 'd be awesome .
anybody else get a huge influx in ocd symptoms before they go on a trip ?
i have adhd too so my mind feels like it 's bouncing from obsessive spiral to another 😩
i5 10400f zotac 3060ti twin oc 16 gb ram 3200ghz 1 tb ssd b550 m gigabyte mobo 600 w psu i tried to update to the newest nvidia driver but upon doing so my screen resolution got stuck on 1024x728 and the option to change it was grayed out i used ddu to uninstaller all drivers in safe mode as recommended but as soon as i try to install nvidia driver it bricks again and now all my games stutter no matter what .
my cpu temps never go over 50 c and my gpu temps never go over 72 c someone please help !
the pc is only 6 months old and i am too poor to buy another new one
maybe not useless but not even close at all to being anything accurate or usable in any debates .
even taking out the main characters you assume the enemy would be ranked somewhat close in strength supported by fts and clashes in story .
even assuming it 's gose up explanentialy since the weakest it gose is 80 for 99 it makes even less sense tons of stuff that makes no sense .
intelligence is the only 1 i 'd say is usable but even then there 's some wtf and not to mention instincts
i see it completely pointless the only way i see it usable is like in teirs
and even then it 's not good if the stats mean anything at all it 's something only hara can understand with the situations in his head when he made them not in 1v1 formats
i had posted this question on r/lgbt and they kindly redirected me here !
so for starters i 'm homoromantic bisexual but label as a lesbian and use she/it pronouns !
my question is are there any gender identities that align with she/it pronouns ?
i 've seen the gender identity 'genderfae ' and that 's the closest i 've gotten to what feels right for me ... !
if there 's any other identities that align with my pronouns any information helps ... !
my favorite thing so far this season at least as far as seasonal activities go was taking my niece to the pumpkin patch !
u/mildyuzu i visited the getty very briefly while i was in la for work a few years ago it was the sunday i was coming back into the city from joshua tree and i decided verrrrrrry last minute to squeeze in a visit to the getty since it was my last weekend in cali and managed to get there with about 45 minutes to spare before closing !
i really enjoyed it but definitely wish i 'd had more time to explore the grounds definitely one to add to the list for my at some point it will happen i promise !
i 'm new to town and heard nothing but bad things about the area when looking for apartments it was the only place near downtown with apartments in my budget which could say something about either the quality of apartments or the area tbh .
no thuggish looking peoples no more homeless than other parts of town etc .
my second run through edge of the earth true solo with a wendy adams leo de luca deck i tuned to do ok in the midnight masks got 4 cultists twice using the easy chaos bag .
i 've been a little shocked at how easily wendy has fared .
probably there 's a little bit of luck here but wendy leo seems to have so much time and rarely fails skill checks .
first upgrade was 2 x flare to ensure leo turns up on time .
! the size of the maps has not been a problem .
i have rarely taken any damage and all my partners are still undamaged/unhorrified going into the last scenario apart from any that were autokilled .
i had to leave some supplies behind but that does n't make much difference .
anyway i kind of regret i did n't play on a harder difficulty but live and learn eh ?
ps i loved using the mythos busters ' audio readings for this campaign .
i 'm looking for a foundation bb cream etc .
my skin is pretty clear so i 'd probably just need like medium coverage at the most .
i normally use the glossier skin tint and love it but i 'm looking for something with a bit more coverage .
most foundations i 've tried just look like makeup instead of skin and they emphasize texture and look cakey .
i have dry skin and am open to either a dewy or matte finish .
moving heavy objects from one place to another place without falling and breaking them is a very challenging task for a person who is not familiar with the moving techniques .
heavy items like couches desks tables and other heavy pieces of furniture can be tough to move .
this situation occurs when you move out of your current place or into a new home .
if you want to move heavy objects easily in simple ways https www.ozremovalists.au/how-to-move-heavy-objects-easily-simple-ways .
choose oz removalists the movers provide packaging unpackaging loading and unloading services .
my grandpa was 54 considered grandpa and it was november 21st when my dad decided to go over to my meemaws house .
i did n't really think much of it because he goes there on occasion to help out .
but it was on this day my dad got there and entered .
and 20 minutes later my grandpa started to have a heart attack and a stroke .
my dad did n't know what to do so he and my meemaw called an ambulance .
it was at that point where he tried keeping him alive for as long as possible but it was very little chance he would have survived .
when the ambulance got there they got him in and drove off to the hospital .
20 minutes later my dad and meemaw we 're allowed in to say their goodbyes .
my dad got home at 11:15 and did n't say that much he told me to get out of bed and he had some bad news .
i wish good people were n't taken from us so early but sometimes things must happen .
the times where he would mess with me by knocking me off the edge in our game or saying that he was a scientist are the times i want to go back to .
when i go there every year for thanksgiving/christmas i remember him .
everything down to the coat the porch and his computer room remind me of who he was .
just a simple guy trying to get by in life by making others happy .
my main issue is whenever the screen turns off the laptop fans start operating very erraticaly .
in a time span of just one second they would jump to 50 to 70 percent speed and back to zero .
its very irritating and also slightly worrying since i think its gona wear out the bearings fast .
i own a small it company and my goal in 2023 is to hire a sales rep .
i want to ensure that i set this person up for success .
what are some must-haves that a company needs to provide so they succeed ?
aside from marketing which we started earlier this year what can i provide tangible or intangible to give them the best shot .
thank you for remembering us during your fun trip to the race .
it was so nice of you to share some goodies you got there .
i just remembered when i opened your card that you do n't live too far from the track .
clyde said to tell you we live in the heart of racing .
i hope to send it before christmas so you can see all the racing around us .
hope you have a delicious meal so you can take a nap afterwards .
just played a 1500 pt game against them and got absolutely fragged !
can i please get help understanding double coverage by health insurance plans ?
my wife is covered through 2 health insurance plans through her and my employers
primary kaiser hdhp hmo which is only accepted in kaiser facilities and we do n't plan to use kaiser facilities at all .
it has reasonable deductible 3000 after which co-pay is 20
the reason we keep both is because we are getting them essentially for free and getting paid extra hsa money from our employers .
we are expecting child next year and want to effectively utilize and maximize use of only 1 insurance which is cigna .
can she just provide her secondary insurance information to doctors ?
will cigna come back to her in the future saying she didnt properly go through primary insurance first ?
if all her claims go through kaiser first which has big deductible 6000 will cigna still cover her while kaiser 's deductible is not met yet ?
it goes to kaiser and kaiser says we dont cover it after which it goes to cigna and cigna applies 3000 to deductible and covers 80 of remaining 1000 .
so cigna will pay 800 and she will pay 3000 which will be applied to cigna deductible but will not be applied to kaiser deductible .
can cigna deny benefit because we didnt follow rules of primary coverage and didnt use hmo facility ?
i know that insurance companies should go through coordination of benefits but afraid if this can hurt us instead
been looking into several options but have n't found one that works for me quite yet .
i 'm curious to see what others are doing that works .
hello we have a new kitchen planned for early next year .
still at the planning stage and i am investigating building the cabinets myself out of plywood and either buying the doors or building shaker style .
my question is whether anyone has installed floating cabinets in their kitchens ?
whether there is a specific load you should build to considering the cabinet contents wooden worktop potential for drunk adults to sit on etc ...
aesthetically i like the appearance but i imagine it must have significant multiple brackets in place to support the potential loads !
it vil be my first champion and i have 3k gems cus of mastery so i can buy it and get the other one from 3 elixir tournament if am not trash for one and get 10 wins
click for made by mary black friday offers 2022 https bit.ly/3r7on8p .
to get started simply visit the website and find the perfect black friday 2022 coupon promo code or discount deals for you .
i get the 1 beep from gigabyte saying everything is fine then it just either enters bios or keeps appearing and dissapearing in the left upper corner .
i definietly have windows and even manually selected the drive with it on could it have expired or something ?
edit it also says no bootable device found like half of the time
looking for other two starters i have two scarlett exclusives with auspicious armor on them so you will essentially get two scarlett exclusives for price of one !
so i was banned from posting anything for three days by the heavy handed admins of reddit someone was harassing me and when i did the same thing back and didnt put up with their lip they banned me .
nice move reddit needless to say others posted for me as i am in a gang of like minded that dont put up with the admins censorship
stocked on fuel with 8 cannisters here and 2 in a trunk with generators here and in the gas station .
what do i do now apart from dying in a stupid way ?
➖ liquid the exchange that returned to ftx in february froze operations just a few days after suspending the deposit and withdrawal portal .
➖ on november 15 the company closed its fiat and crypto withdrawal portals .
ftx trading has acquired liquid group and all its subsidiaries since february .
however they have kept the value of the deal private so far .
liquid is the parent company of quoine corp. one of the first cryptocurrency trading platforms licensed in japan in 2017 .
➖ before the acquisition ftx loaned liquid 120 million to fix the hack that caused 85 million in damage in august 2021 .
meanwhile ftx is currently in the process of liquidating assets to serve chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings .
according to the latest announcement ftx is carrying obligations of up to 3.1 billion to 50 major creditors .
➖ in the coming weeks our priority will be to drive sales refinance or other strategic transactions involving these subsidiaries and others that we determine to continue .
new ftx ceo john j. ray iii who took charge of the company after sam bankman-fried left commented that this is an unprecedented disaster .
➖ on november 10 japan 's financial services agency ordered ftx japan to cease operations and hold assets in the country equivalent to liabilities until december 9 .
ftx japan is the result of the acquisition of liquid group .
first of all love the game keep up the good work .
replace alt for turbo mode shortcut for something else i noticed my turbo is always off but its only cause i constantly alt+tab to check work and stuff .
also maybe move it to esc screen while in the game that way i would not need to restart the game again to check if it on or not .
remove mouse lock while in windowed mode i can not move game window cause of it whats the point ?
my partner is a massive cheater babaero kung babaero .
we 're three years together di ko na yata mabilang kung ilang beses ko syang nahuli na nambabae .
gwapo siya and hindi ako ganun kagandahan so feeling ko kapag papapiliin ko siya kung ako ba or yung babae nya and tuwing ako ang pipiliin nya feeling ko ang ganda ko .
😂 lunod na lunod ako sa thought na ang mahalaga ako ang pinili '' sa akin naman bumalik '' i 'm his home '' feeling ko it gives me power and helps me to be more confident .
i want to make 100 day or even 50 day consistently average 350 500 per week with 1000 account .
i was wondering if anyone here has had experiences of improvement sustained or permanent during progressive me/cfs .
i 've had mine since childhood formally diagnosed in my early 20s and started with it mild .
of course people and life constantly caused me to push myself to survive and slowly symptoms got worse and worse .
after a bout of covid things are worse than ever .
i do have remissions and relapses too better days or weeks and worse ones but there is an overall progressive trend too .
i 'm pacing as best i can now and i eat and sleep well ... but it 's worrisome .
so i 'm looking for a bit of hope .
has anyone had a progressive disease course and found improvement or recovery ?
are the protests purposefully nonviolent when their government clearly doesnt have a conscience for nonviolence to work against ?
are there no weapons at all to use against the government ?
are there weapons to use against the government but the government has such an overwhelming monopoly on violence that those who are armed cant gain enough traction to be effective ?
also yes i realize that i may just not have seen when they are armed yet but i got to an international university with several close iranian friends and weve talked about this before and they never mention fighting back with violence nor do i see for example videos of firefights or people talking about them on the internet .
reddit i know there is lack of penetration in online blackjack and some shady stuff .
but i have no brick and mortar casino near me .
so i want online place where i 'll be paid if i manage to win .
anyone any idea whats up with its fire form.. ?
i am very well versed and willing to solve samples to prove competence in the following areas
statistics general statistics including projects and assignments in r spss .
accounting finance case studies financial reports projects and assignments .
contact me by email or discord for the quickest response .
so how safe is it to swap into ist and use as a stable coin during this bear ?
i remove my clothes and stand naked before her .
whoa ... ... .also why do you have your arms like that ? ''
she was already down to her underwear before so it did n't take long before she was also naked and by god she looks as beautiful and breedable as the last time i saw her naked .
pfff right well in here there 's only one way to establish dominance .
in bed so get in here and show me how much you want me .
no no need to tell me twice i practically jump to the bed and french-kiss her while grabbing her breasts and slowly pushing her down to the blankets .
damn her tits are soft i bet they are tasty too .
i break off our kiss and move down first her neck then her chest and finally her boobs .
going by her moans i judge that i 'm doing this right so i kiss her breast one final time and start sucking on her nipple while my hand plays with the other one .
fuck these ... damn ... .mommy milkers are so fucking juicy .
i move her other breast close to my mouth and start sucking on them both .
i stop my suckling and restart my kissing but lower kissing her strong and defined abs moving both my arms i star slowly groping her ass and squeezing it .
i 'm kissing her bellybutton now and still going lower until finally i get to the prize .
she 's practically drenched her pussy constantly releasing juice well ... .*bon appétit .
finally i have my head in between her muscled thighs and i ca n't get enough of it the feeling of her legs squeezing my head her delicious pussy-juice dripping down my chin the strength of her arms as she pushes my head further in .
let 's level up i start by sucking on her walls and liking them then i gently bite her clitoris .
that seems to do the trick as she begins to squirt all over my face .
i lift her up and using her weight i bury myself deeper into her .
she wraps her legs tightly around my head to maintain balance just the way i like it and i keep going licking and kissing .
and she came a second time damn her moans are so sexy .
this should be enough foreplay the time for some real action has come .
suddenly she pushes herself off the wall and into the bed taking me with her .
enough you 've had your fun now it 's my turn . ''
she turns around and sits on my face yeah baby that 's the stuff then she starts sucking me off damn that tongue can do things .
her technique is something i 've never experienced before and it keeps vigorously increasing in speed .
i 'm backed up by about 10 days so it does n't take long before i explode in her mouth .
we both take a breather after that and i get to look at the temple that is her body one more time her sweat and bodily fluids give the impression that she 's shining in all the right places .
in turn laira also seems to be admiring my body her eyes lingering on my dick once she sees it .
she looks at me with hungry eyes then she starts to slowly moving towards me in all fours like a predator who 's readying to pounce on her prey .
unfortunately for her i 'm neither prey nor predator i 'm a human hunter i kill both .
she tries to pounce but i catch her mid jump and pin her down .
her legs close around my waist allowing her to lift herself up and whisper to my ear .
i 'm as hard as i 've never been .
her wetness provided all the lubricant needed so i plunged my cock deep inside her in a single thrust .
if there 's a word to describe this sensation that would be it .
her pussy is so tight that it feels like it 's pulling me further in i can barely contain an immediate ejaculation .
after letting out a moan of ecstasy she pulls me in again but for a kiss this time a sloppy tongue kiss .
i waste no more time and start moving with each thrust i can feel her becoming more used to it but at the same time she 's becoming tighter than she already was .
she begins to tighten her arms and legs and their grip around me she 's about to cum again as am i .
my movements become faster as i can feel i 'm about to unload at the same time she moves in for a kiss and speaks .
i ca n't hold on any longer and in turn i whisper in her ear .
in a explosion of ecstasy and pleasure we came at the same time i can feel the greediness of her womb taking my load in full the trembling of her body as she let 's go of her grip on me and accepts my seed .
your seed is so hot it feels like a small fire inside my belly .
that hungry look in her eyes is back and with a commanding voice she tells me .
without hesitation i turn her around and shove my dick back in dogie style and begin to pound her with all my might at the same time i firmly grab her ass and spank it simultaneously .
i stop my spanking and pick her legs up from behind hoisting her up with her back against me and using my arms to support her weight and my hands to grab her head .
then i begin to slam her against my dick as hard as i can and at the same time thrusting up .
she 's squirting up a storm her juices splashing the bed-sheets .
god her pussy feels amazing the feeling of her ass constantly slamming against me is making quick work of my endurance but i 'm not stopping .
after a few more thrusts i can feel myself getting close so i pull her head back so that she can see me and kiss her at the same time i send a third load into her thrusting a few more times while cumming to make sure she gets it as deep as possible .
after that we once again fall into the bed now with a sweet fragrance from her squirts .
after a few seconds of catching our breath she turns around to face me and in a shaky and quiet voice she whispers to me .
i ca n't resist once again i passionately kiss her moving my hands to make sure i feel every part of her .
the softness of her body the firmness of her muscles the taste of her lips the sound of her voice every time she moans her sweet scent .
armed and ready again i move in on her but this time slower more gently .
she 's already received my cum twice but her tight pussy still welcomes me in the same way it did for the first time .
now i begin to move but slower with more passion .
my mouth goes from her lips to her chest the taste and smell of her sweat hardening my resolve as i slightly increase in speed .
she 's also tasting me kissing my neck and crossing her legs to make sure she receives her third meal .
for some reason i can tell it will be more powerful than the others even though it 's my fourth time .
her hands reach my face and she pulls me in for another kiss but right before our lips touch she speaks .
and with that i explode inside her letting go of every single thought and completely drowning in ecstasy from the pleasure i feel in being with laira .
shortly after that we both cuddle and take a well deserved nap .
a knock on the door jolted us awake laira makes a disinterested grunt and turns around to go back to sleep so i put on pants and go to unlock and open the door .
on the other side there is tiara holding a platter with a jar of water and two cups on it .
i thought both of you might be thirsty after going at it for so long . ''
oh fuck do n't tell me that ... ... .shit .
i massage my cranium feeling a headache about to start .
emphasizes on 'everyone ' by the well of souls what did you do to that girl ?
you could hear her from the other side of the inn . ''
we did n't disturb too many people right ? ''
just everyone sharing the same floor with you . ''
sorry if we bothered you thanks for the water anyway . ''
not a problem you 've brought me back cherished memories of me and max from our love moon . ''
closing the door a bit too fast i turn to the bed with the platter in hand .
looks like she heard the conversation because she 's pretty much hiding under the covers with only her now red ears poking out .
she perks up at my comment and throws a pillow at me .
i sit besides her and offer a cup of water .
damn you why did you have to be so good at sex ! ''
i 'm happy it was good for you too . ''
she elbows me in the side and lays her head on my shoulder .
you 're the most amazing partner i 've ever had in bed . ''
she sits on my lap and pushes her head into my chest .
i bet after all you went as far as to say 'become mine ' a few seconds pass until i catch up and i 'm instantly embarrassed .
christ please do n't quote me on that . ''
why do n't you want me to be yours ? ''
i look at her directly in her crimson eyes .
i 'm yours as you are now mine jeff . ''
i can feel your happiness rising it 's rubbing against me you really were n't kidding about the endurance thing . ''
well i did say that i would ravage you for as long as it takes for us to be summed for an audience .
i start gently massaging her breasts and biting her ear .
here it is the most awaited and dreaded chapter .
hope it was a enjoyable read if not let me know .
depending on how this is received i will make additional ones down the line .
yeah sure that sounds like something every democrat is out there saying my man
i think it is a most common type of scam titled as advance fee or charges scam .
it is a scam in which you deposit your money but ca n't withdraw it .
every trader should avoid such scams which they can through proper knowledge and practice .
took 1 google search and clicked on the first link .
i wonder why it was so hard for you to find anything
in this case i wanted spotiy to start playing the song i had paused but because chrome was on full screen and spotify minimized the multimedia source that started playing was the one on chrome .
for me to be able to start playing the multimedia on spotify aplication i had to click on the right arrow button and then use the play shortcut from my keyboard .
so much stroking rn to you wishing i was that toy😍
... i thought it was pepper spray that does n't affect some people ... not fricken tasers
something like 95 of home pcs laptops are pre-configured and pre-installed and users do n't change the os on them .
the biggest impact steamdeck will have is having is that it represents a high profile hardware release that is shipped pre-configured with linux with a large scale company supporting that hardware .
i think linux has already made great inroads with the enthusiast/power user community but ultimately getting more stuff on linux is a matter of having the community there and that 's going to be won at the system integrator level .
valve showing that linux pre-configured gaming hardware can be successful is an important step in winning that war '' .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to feel that way about her in the birthday episode .
it was ridiculous of jess to think that cece was taking her to china but that 's just the ridiculousness of the show lol .
i think if jess were a real person she 'd probably be the type to do something special for everyone 's birthday .
i try to be that person and sometimes i wish that someone made extra effort on my birthday every once in a while .
but i still know i 'm not entitled to that .
i 'm not trying to change your mind or anything just sharing a reflection i had because i watched it recently .
i can not and will not ever forgive the restraining order incident .
incredible movie felt like i was watching a ghost recon wildlands adaptation .
spec ops cartel shit is my crack not too many of those out there aside from narcos and sicario .
now sing ava maria on max cringe and it 'll be perfect !
look great idea but only really necessary if you need someone dead and ca n't do it yourself .
backstabbing someone will always be better than outline them for your teammates to kill but if they 're incredibly good/have a good team protecting them then this would be useful .
also if it works on invisible spies then could you use spy to counter spy ?
good concept definitely not overpowered but might be a little bit underpowered .
do you have super low standards or are you thinking the gaming stagnating this bad is the norm ?
there are plenty of switch games to prove gamefreak doesnt care about quality .
i 'm alright definitely been worse but definitely been better .
it 's not the dogs themselves i do n't like it 's the fucking people .
i think most people get dogs to fill a void they are lacking within themselves or partners .
completely selfish to get a whole living creature to make you feel not alone .
if i see one more person call their dog their child i will lose my bananas
sorry but if he did n't want you to see his face he was prob a pedo or something .
i did n't learn till i was already on very hard armstrong fight ...
is it acceptable to do a large drop off at these ?
then she said no i 've been crying i have n't been drinking spicy water .
then someone else said good to know my money is n't getting wasted ...
if you find enjoyment out of this then so be it .
you 're not hurting anyone else and these people here with hateful comments can go fuck their mothers .
you do what makes you happy so long as it does n't hurt anyone else .
grants on the achievement and gl for future goals !
if you wear salomon atra might not work well for you because salomon is narrow and altra is quite wide .
i recommend trying la sportiva helios 3 which is only 4 mm drop and fairly minimal compared to most modern shoes while giving enough cushion for perhaps up to 10-20 miles .
another alternative is la sportiva bushido 2 which is also 4 mm drop .
bushido is much better protected especially for rocky terrain .
i think there are also some 0-4 mm drop shoes from inov-8 that are worth considering .
edit i should add that in my opinion the latest speedgoat is a terrible shoe for steep and technical terrain .
hoka has made it appealing to the masses but it is no longer a good trail running shoe .
perhaps if you want to try another hoka try mafate speed .
you right umm hmm back on my feet know like i know bring the hook i hate yb have the same subject matter .
it seems that you downplay clear misandry and support terms like pariarchy '' used to blame all bad things in the world exclusively on men .
putin hat das abkommen zwar persönlich unterschrieben aber er wurde vom bösen westen rausgehalten🤡🤡🤡
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shemaleaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
if from europe then it wo n't be very big change for you
you got ta pump those numbers up those are rookie numbers in this racket .
tapos yung papasok sa spaylater pwede in terms 3 6 9 12 months to pay
got mine to 46 and was like what 's going on ?
the only problem i have with these are the close range kill '' activated abilities .
am i really going to be shooting things that i might want to melee or leave up to others instead ?
watch more sexy schoolgirl videos horny school girls compilation www.schoolgirlsclips.store
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/schoolgirlsxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
so far i have found airport quarry and high rise in al mazrah .
sochan because he tried to dye his hair but it has n't dried out in time for the game .
i thought he was trying to screw her out of the proceeds .
i would n't be surprised if the guy would unironically use suspensors like that .
i once sent a long rambling screed to my house of reps rep about cluster mailboxes cbus for new developments of single family detached homes .
since i 'm in texas and my rep is a rabid republican i used all the right words an affront to the american dream of a white picket fence and a mailbox out front commmunist box units walking is anti-texas .
i also specifically cited the constitution provision on congress regulating the post office .
they actually called me back my actual rep who then claimed the postal service does what it wants .
i read out the constitutional provision on postal routes and congress to him usps can do that but congress let them .
and before i get down voted to hell yes i am aware that cbus are more cost effective for letter delivery .
i just find them completely insane for single family detached developments because the boxes themselves are invariably way at the end of the block .
plus they never have enough room for mail and packages so either they force them in or leave a pick it up at the post office '' slip which is a small office that is only open three days a week and is a ten minute drive each way texas ... plus no one takes cbu maintenance seriously .
it 's under the hoa so if someone breaks it or it gets hit by a car who knows how long it would be broken .
offer cbus to the developers fine but just institute some premium usps service to allow you to install a road-serviced mailbox instead .
the cost savings of road serviced single box versus cbu is less than 200 a year .
if he sold all and no longer involved with it at all would he be out of the standstill ?
or he still have to be in the standstill ?
i am trying to understand that him saying that he has a standstill agreement meaning still involved ! ?
eu praticamente n sinto dor no rosto no caso de soco chutes e coisa do tipo mais se sla quebrarem uma vasora na minha testa dói um poço a e s já me chtaram no rosto
hope you 're okay with never having a chance of being friendly with robots though .
abang ka here sa promos ng zenutrients https goeco.mobi/xptrdmtf .
yung malaki kong gugo conditioner aabot pa ata hanggang 2024 di ko maubos-ubos 😂
they are throwing hundreds of millions of dollars into other projects not reinvesting back into league .
imagine if they put that into league we could easily have an actual new client .
hell they could redo the whole entire game from the ground up with the amount of money they are spending in other projects .
which quite frankly is something that should be happening .
a spartan from halo skin for s76 would be awesome does n't necessarily have to be master chief i could see s76 's style spartan armor .
go talk to them or other skaters make skating friends
the fabrication facility gives you a total of three blueprints from databoxes the ore consumer the deep drillers and i believe the drone receptacle .
everything else is bought and ordered from the pda unless you have the customcraft recipes for the fcs mods .
if you 're missing all the items from a specific category the corresponding mod may not have installed correctly ...
i had an alcohol free wedding due to multiple recovering alcoholics in my husband 's side .
those who wanted to including us went to a bar afterward .
sounds very much like she realized she had a problem and is trying to fix it .
he 's doing the show too i wonder how he 'll do with live action .
which is why you type motivation and preferences over behavior .
i was just talking about the way he said a word bro
she does nails for a living and does n't understand this ?
what 's next she asks the guitarist why his index and thumb ?
how bout the wired af fashionista with a fat gold chain who only wants his pinky done ?
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will result in a removal counting towards your ban tiers https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_ban_tiers .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
uhm using 2021 figures and only adding up down to hungary on the list the total combined gdp already exceeds the italian gdp .
combining the rest of the list gives us 2791 billions or 2,791 trillion .
basically no-one seemed to check or i am missing something .
i think one of the reasons i like clown core is because it 's got certain meshuggah qualities with a broader range of musical styles .
i 'd love to hear a meshuggah song with freaking saxophone .
bakit kaya sa ibang unibersidad non-up nakakapag-orgs gala at inom pa no ?
vgzero timer literally almost same timer as dd timer 2mins per turn but in zero it increase like 2 bars once you move to another phase
the why is how the entire multibillion dollar gacha industry works .
in order to weaponize something i 'd have to use it against someone .
there is no agenda besides the agenda to label people who want to know the truth as cultists .
we still do n't even know who patient zero was .
or what animal from bats it spilled over to .
or if it actually came from a wet market .
but yet what the science is saying is cultist ?
you can believe whatever you want but do you believe what you believe because it 's 100 fact or it 's just what you 've been told to believe ?
i 've sort of lost track of this conversation but i think we were talking about jordan peterson who seems very concerned about declining birth rates so ...
your post has been automatically removed because this sub is for approved and verified original content oc only .
any user who is not approved and verified with the mod team will have their post removed by the bot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
ads have crashed the game for literal years at this point and hh has never done anything to fix it .
when i first experienced this i was convinced that there was a bug in the charging screen or that my apple watch was broken lol .
it feels senseless to remove a feature that we all used everyday .
most of the people i end up running into are shoot first and never listen to negotiations '' and it 's hard to get good at pvp when 90 of the crews i run into are better than me and larger .
all they have to do is yell gun gun gun '' and start shooting .
regardless if you touched it or not in your own dam home !
even if you own a gun legally for home protection the mere presence is justification for leo 's to open fire .
the nra spent all these years touting having a gun at home or in your car for your protection .
now we find it was only to give justification he had a gun i feared for my life .
my favourite top for you to go braless in too 😍
i 'm more confident in 16 year olds voting for the important causes than any of my older folks that 's for damn sure .
at least the kids have a better perception of reality and what 's really going on .
my mom is from mexico and she makes it with sugar and other stuff and it 's like caramelized pumpkin .
your account is too new and/or your karma is too low
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bikinis if you have any questions or concerns .
the butt ugly art styles that look worser than ren and stimpy close ups .
it looks even worse in his own comic lara-su chronicles .
the characters he drew in that comic looked very hideous and ugly than that in the archie comics .
he feels gay and like a woman and wants wars to stop because of football ?
i upvoted some of ur other posts if u could upvote this comment and some of my other comments i would be really happy .
as with most things regarding menstruation there 's just not a lot of information .
menstrual blood is not entirely the same as veinous or artial blood .
because the uterus has to maintain a healthy environment to grow a fetus it does an incredible job of staying clean .
this is why blood and menstrual are n't an apples to apples comparison .
while it is true that menstrual blood can contain hiv this would need to come into contact with someone 's mouth eyes nose or an open wound .
i do n't know if dried blood would pose the same risk if say you touched it on a sheet with your bare hands .
there 's a great sub r/askdocs you could ask if you really want to know .
i do know that hiv can not live for long outside the body so the likelihood of this being an issue is pretty small .
hep c is bloodborne and is also blood to blood again meaning you need an open wound or sore for the blood to get into .
while it can last longer outside the body it needs that open wound to transfer .
osha considers pads and tampons to not be biohazards because the blood is typically not actively leaking out unless it is due to the function of these products .
also the blood tends to be pretty dry after having sat in the garbage for some time .
now these will have had direct contact with the body and obviously have much more blood than a sheet would have .
the important point in osha 's finding is the absorbtion .
the fibers of the sheet most of which are a cotton blend will have also obsorbed the blood .
in summary menstrual blood is not generally a biohazard because it is not the same as veinous and artiral blood typically dry when coming into contact with another person unless they are engaged in sex and while it can carry bloodborne pathogens the risk is exponentially lower compared to veinous/artial blood for several reasons and even lower when we 're talking about stains on a sheet .
regular '' blood all over the floor stained into a mattress a carpet ?
that is a biohazard and makes sense why that would be in the tos could i find it but period blood or products in the garbage ?
otherwise airbnb would allow biohazard clean up fees to take out the garbage when a tampon shows up .
self posting requires 10 comment karma from the r/entrepreneur subreddit .
you can check how much karma you have in this subreddit if you visit your profile and click show karma breakdown by subreddit '' in the upper right hand corner .
this rule is implemented to combat spam and to make sure that potential posters have at least a basic familiarity with the r/entrepreneur community .
karma points are up-votes that you receive from your comment replies .
consider participating in the weekly discussion posts check the sidebar in order to gain karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/entrepreneur if you have any questions or concerns .
you can try my simple extension to search across pages using several rules https lifehacky.net/how-to-list-namespaces-and-find-more-in-roam-research-5c25d9f24556
it does not combine searches yet but i can add the functionality later
it is not just about namespaces even the article name suggest it .
rpgs that i 've played on mobile are the last remnant remastered and the multiple final fantasy series preferably ffix .
tailnets work with ipv4 too it was just by way of example .
yep i meant that i got it by yeah of course '' in my last message 😊 that you mainly want your story to stay up .
but i told those things because in this post you were concerned about moving over to ao3 because of lack of attention there and i wanted to tell what could happen even if the start is sticky .
and yeah that 's the only bad thing i 've heard of/seen though .
but other people immediately rushed forward to tell the person who plagiarised that they 've been caught that person stopped answering to comments that instant .
so if ao3 fails to help you people will most likely stand up for you !
can you share the gif as a gif perhaps repost on imgur ?
what we get is a re-encoded video so it is hard to check the actual problems ... .
of course it is even better if you can share the xcf google drive drop box ... .
i think zelda is a lot better than most people give her credit for but so many of her moves are complete ass sadly .
i 've really been trying to main her and i 'm fairly new to advanced melee but it 's so hard .
why is her fsmash worthless vs like any sdi upsmash is n't much better .
these are many of the questions i have for sakurai .
i like nair up air is fine dsmash is great recovery is decent .
good matchup vs ic 's at least compared to sheik .
that 's more than i could say about kirbs or bowser
op sent the following text as an explanation on why this is unexpected
! i was scrolling and did not expect that and decided to post it to r/unexpected because you know unexpected i dont know if its nsfw or not but feel free to delete it .
is this an unexpected post with a fitting description ?
look at my source code on github https github.com/artraxon/unexbot what is this for ?
does ... does this mean that link is just a highly functional poly drug addict ?
would you ever consider a boyfriend that encourages and supports you being bred by other men ?
i 'll be your cuckold and help you raise babies you make with other men .
can i have a pic with it all the way on .
shii i def would but i ca n't today u have discord or anything ?
yeah i remember a few months ago when france was accused of leaving mass graves in mali in its bases after leaving them turns out it was staged by wagner
hello would you know if brands offer different shapes of the same models depending on the market ?
i have a long oval shaped head i can not find a helmet that works .
they all give me pain in the front or too empty on the sides .
question about cody 's suggested conditioning progression for very unfit lifters particularly when starting week 5 .
on the fifth week do two exercises each for one set .
again adding a set to both for four weeks .
that would be two months of no rest days. granted not a whole lot of work on these training days but at least you are doing something and working towards doing more .
the second month ends with two exercises each performed for 4x10 .
completed with as little rest between sets as possible .
currently doing push ups after bench day split squats after squat ohp days and sit ups after deadlift day .
be sure to engage in conversations with the users of this community and comment on other posts besides your own to become a full member and avoid this check in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaynsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
my entire ear is pretty swollen and throbs in pain on off .
i took an ibuprofen tonight to help ease the pain swelling .
is it normal for almost half my ear to be so swollen ?
i 've had cartilage ear piercings but never a flat and this much swelling over my whole ear is new so just wan na make sure it 's normal .
also this was done at a reputable piercer whom i trust is an app piercer .
the devs have been tied up busy fixing butterflies and mosquitoes ?
i want one where the opponent goes to swing at shugoki and is suddenly overcome by pain ah !
they seem thankful and then shugoki knocks their head off with his bat
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kenny_ho12
can u wait like 15 minutes i 'm in a gpo battle royale match rn
playing broken china and you are loosing so much .
it 's about a 600 mb/s read write boost .
that 's almost nothing when you 're already talking 6900mb/s .
the ledge that was slightly too high is probably the one with the metal caterpillars on the walls .
i made the same mistake by ignoring them instead if you shoot them down the first time they turn into hard ball things you can jump onto to make the jump .
also if you have that missile launcher you can ! get the wall climb ability ! by ! breaking the red crystals at the top left of the map to the left of where you started the game .
! that should help get you with most of the map
i liked his style the most when i first watched island
they have to get tall to get fat ... then we cut them down .
yeah i started with two sue me i was in middle school and it looked cool and had to go off the vibes and exposition in game .
by the time i finally played me1 years later and then again in my le runs it was old hat .
but man i ca n't imagine soveraign 's speech to a first-time player without any knowledge what so ever .
now i could write a dissertation on this universe so i can only kind of get chills from that reveal haha .
that 's why i listed 2026 as the first swap please reread my post .
yes i would say so but was it even ballz that said it ?
it 'll be good to include something like checkbox or something like this with name 'is it collaboration ' .
after checking it a new edit field will be there to post a link on song which you used in this project ofcourse link to audio.com file .
is the plastic part just the outside like does the smoke contact plastic ?
on a slightly unrelated note i agree with your rant i personally feel that the furry community is at its core a celebration of the true self unburdened by expectations of what it means to be human if that even matters this helps explain the large amount of queer and neurodivergent people in the furry fandom as these and other groups often feel alienated from society .
while commonly centered around animals most likely due to their long history of being used as symbolism that makes their use as self-representing archetypes far easier the essence of furriness '' aka the representation of one 's mental innards through the creation of an external persona can be utilized through any medium including an abstract depiction of a pink bush .
if they stay long enough in the country and/or become a citizen that can happen in some places .
now they 're gon na start yelling call me bruh call me bruh . ''
they definitely wo n't ever be the same again .
stay or go but that ca n't be the expectation .
sounds like a guy that would beat up an elderly couple at an elton john concert
very impressive he accomplished so much despite living such a short nine years .
ca n't foo dogs and that one is juuuuust fine w andrei lol
bc you 've already established you 're a brick wall from your comments above .
i prefer to debate with people who actually want to understand another 's opinions .
talking about everyone sees what they want to when they reject the lord .
bc you 're choosing to see what you want to vs trying to fix a problem .
all bc it 's not your fault or responsibility which was in the same comment as pointing out that homosexuality is a sin .
in other words adding to the problem vs trying to fix it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freeonlyfanspromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
how am i not doing anything if i 'm sitting on the toilet shiting ?
it 's quite easy to hold it but near impossible to stop midway .
so if i 'm already in the process than she should hold the fuck on .
nobody should demand anyone else to hurry their poop process .
you can buy pre-made nutrient agar plates on amazon for pretty cheap .
i have found that sink drains tend to be the one of the dirtiest '' places that grows a wide range of colonies .
if you do n't have access to an incubator just sit the plates in relatively warm dark place for at least 48 hours and up to 4-5 days for the best results .
this submission has been removed because the title has been detected to contain only capital letters .
please do n't yell so much we can hear you fine .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
dude that 's like a 1 in 69420 chance to happen !
i just wonder what is up with all of that she has a 20 year old daughter so she 's well around her 40s .
i would hope he does n't ruin his marriage for her .
if you played club penguin as a kid this is super familiar .
it 's the code the spies use in the game !
man she talks a lot of shit online but never to anyone 's face
did anyone else see herb hugging the staff members on the sideline just before kickoff ?
just do n't use it all his other moves are pretty solid but that one is useless
afaik the boards are still warping and not as bad as pc motherboard but they have managed to solve the lead free solder durability/flexibility issue .
and yeah the clips are a huge pain until i found a flathead screwdriver thats works perfectly
i 'm so glad we were wrong because i thought the same 🙂enjoy the win dude
this is likely epistylis not ich in which case raising temp will actually make it worse .
for a limited time you could get a handful of my 34bs
shut the fuck up you have 31 free throws .
if not please check into what resources are available .
i guarantee that no one is thinking about you in the way that you think they are .
i grew up in the automotive business and would like to share my knowledge and experience with you .
i plan on creating links to repair help and ways to save money on replacement parts .
i 'm looking for your help or any suggestions before i do this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askamechanic if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll check out the menu to see if i can find the original .
it 's a little hard to find on instagram but i 'll try .
not the op but i have always been au naturel '' as you nicely put it 😁 .
no one has ever hit on me on the occasions i 've been fancy maybe because i 'm usually feeling like i 'm wearing a clown suit lol .
your post was removed because it did not contain one of the required tags or the tag was not properly formatted .
please review the sub rules and repost with the appropriate tag thank you .
acceptable tags f female m male t trans nb non-binary c couple v verification request
note you must use the square brackets or the bot will filter your post
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/underweargw if you have any questions or concerns .
i use my wahl bravura on smaller dogs but definitely not on the big guys .
trying to do a doodle with that would take forever .
i would go with the andis 5 speed corded personally .
it 's one of the lightest clippers on the market .
i 've tried so many different clippers and when my current ones die that 's what i 'm going back to .
if you really want cordless i love the oster volt and the wahl km10 .
op this sounds more like poly under duress '' or consensual cheating '' esp as she wants to do it with someone she has already made a connection with .
she may already have started and wants to legitimise it .
if you are not totally enthusiastic then do not agree to it .
to me is does not sound that you are in the right mental space to do this .
most suggest that couples take 6 months of reading research and consideration of this before setting out .
i think that you should consult a lawyer as i suspect that this is going to end badly for you .
i think that you should also be doing individual counseling to help you cope and maybe make difficult decision .
in my area a doe and buck tag are different .
you need to put in for a draw for doe
has a lot of health but less armor but it also hits harder .
on an unrelated note to this thread this is completely bs .
i 've always hated that a judge can just decide to try a minor as an adult .
ok man i hate as a player for a gm go for my downed character it feels like you want to kill the character .
a monster with 3 attacks that hits with the first one and downs you will kill you with the other 2 that 's not scary it 's taking a player out of the fight a player out of the session and so on .
if they all want to play that way the cool if the campaign is all about that cool do n't expect that to be a good thing .
increasing the death dc is not scary it just lowers the chances of getting back on your own .
what i do n't like about the system is the rubber band effect .
each time you go down and come back for that fight you gain a temporary exhaustion that stacks with the normal one and goes away with a short rest or long rest depending on the campaign and the group .
for now it 's punishing but you can foresee the punish you can still be saved but a melee character going down twice and then ok you are not that good in battle if you go down 5 time in consecutives battles you are dead .
that 's my current take for a punishing scary withing the normal rules system .
out of a total of 200 or so in the country ?
did you not see the leaked video footage of the pilot on youtube
i read this as bbc the uk channel and then hotwife and cuckold porn .
how about we do n't sexualize people who are being exploited by the modeling industry .
first half of season 1 is pretty mid but they quickly redeem it .
quick search on google flights show that delta has a nonstop flight daily for both of your desired routes .
plenty of den-bos flights through united but it looks like there 's nothing for las-bos .
you should consider getting an airline branded card for whatever route airline you decide on
just looked at his twitter profile his last tweet was back in 2021 and he has n't returned to twitter despite his account being reinstated .
why is why lying when we can easily check for ourselves ?
good sir/mam everytime you say i made your day it makes my day too
since it 's before 1965 yeah it 's california .
nada do que você disse tem qualquer encantamento científico .
and it 's one of the hardest things to accept .
do not immediately edit your post to evade this filter .
your next posts will be reviewed and if it 's a vague version of the same post again you 'll be removed from this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
like his namesake he knows when to cower and hide !
i think you 're thinking of a playstation game dude .
98 sure they never made a 007 for n64 .
or at least not one i or anyone i have ever met has heard of
i do n't know the answer but that 's an interesting question .
but i would assume that you could only be extradited to a country in which you had been charged with a crime .
have to have charged the suspect and if that was the case why would they want to pass that person on to the next country ?
i 'm also curious about what happens if a new extradition treaty is signed .
are existing evaders exempted/protected by a grandfather clause or do they suddenly have to worry about being scooped up ?
if we ca n't trust cig with stairs and elevators what makes you think teleporters would be any better ?
it 's like they painted themselves into a corner and just got stones and said fuck it .
mouse players can lazer people with r99 but if i shoot an r99 on console it 's only usable at close range .
the way i would frame it is whether it 's ethical to enter trade embargoes with people who go to war
i think what the professor wants is whether it 's ethical to trade with people who are going to war
she realized she 'll never be forgiven by the crew and so she went with it decided to get paid and leave .
go up the night before and stay at any of the airport hotels that have a shuttle .
it was popular in the 2000 's but sadly it 's no longer active .
i have noticed faithful members not wearing them much in their social media posts .
i could not have gotten away with that when i was in .
like they want to have their cake and eat it too .
and our tight ends are making plays in those wins !
bro i saw myself it said us mens on sizes it was your fault
i 'm surprised ready for the house has always been the worst for me
i wrote both of my senators about net neutrality when all that hubbub was going on
feel free to ask any more questions you have any time im always open to advice giving .
why do you need two platinum cards and why would you want to pay the af twice ?
we had to close all the windows and at the end had to put some noise cancellation headphones .
people have all sorts of cold weather quirks they 'll swear no car ever did to them before .
my favourite was that this guy had never had a window freeze shut in the winter in toronto .
their prey drive can get the best of them sometimes .
expect a present here and there possibly in the form of a dead rabbit/possum .
its important to make it known you 're the leader .
once that is established theyre pretty easy dogs to take care of and super caring/loving .
are you sure they 're shinies and not the tera ones ?
if you call it spring boot you get a gold star
keep in mind though while apple devices last longer on paper in regard to software it is not the entire truth .
once your apple device receives it 's final ios version the device becomes effectively useless .
glitches happen constantly apps will be quickly abandoned too .
on android the phone and apps will continue run for many years after and nowadays even os related things can be patched universally through playstore .
android was built upon version fragmentation while apple focuses on the opposite .
i had a match with sinister london where i was playing him in a hela deck also with apoc and a handful of big chonky bois .
dropped a lady sif on turn 6 and threw something like 74 power on the board for 3 energy .
sure it 's not the 2 bajillion from the ridiculous wongoing nonsense but i was impressed with myself
i 'm not sure if you meant the game or the subreddit .
either way it 's a good idea to try it and try it .
you might find it more fun than the game .
even if they do n't see the video unlikely at this point auckland is a small town how is the driver going to explain both the severity of the accident in that location ?
and the eye witness evidence of the people there at the time ?
gives me keep me honest '' vibes which i appreciate .
go ahead and pack 30 funyun bags in there you 'll have little pieces and dust instead of rings .
frozen gel packs on your wrist because that 's a place where blood is close to the surface .
also wrapping a wet cloth around your wrist forehead neck .
hahaha yeah us as well was meant for older kids young teens
you do look awesome and i hope you 're doing well 3
so has anyone ever come back in the game for a hamstring injury..
thanks for the reply i actually really needed this right now .
i hope things are going well for you have a great day/night !
the entire reason davos is looking for rickon is to bring him back to manderly .
cold wallet is when your coins are basically offline .
so do n't interact with anything otherwise it 's just a hardware wallet .
here it is from the company you bought your cold '' wallet https www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-difference text=like 20an 20active 20web3 20wallet use 20it 20for 20web3 20exploring .
imagine if they had sex and she complained that his dick was too small .
perhaps you 've never watched wine library tv with gary vaynerchuk
i 'm really hoping so and i 'm excited to add him to my roster .
i think i can call my team complete now unless i some how get lucky with 4 more centerpieces to work towards jimmy butler .
appreciated the help so much on getting this pack !
do you want to go a bit further with me today ?
i remember one day when i got back home and almost cried .
long week each day 12hr at least exhausted difficult runs each day central london got lost croydon and areas new to the job shit at reversing traffic is crazy narrow places .
but here i am found amazing job with amazing boss fair pay no stress .
if i would give up i probably would go back and work some warehouse dead end job again .
also almost a year later still shit at reversing d
again there 's no need to focus on research and crafting at the very beginning .
you should be trading for weapons and armor as you get your initial colony set up .
food shelter and security are the primary trinary foci to begin with typically in that order .
once you 've got a basic storage shed and either 3x3 huts or a 5x5 communal sleeping lodge leave your planter s working in the fields and send a trader to the nearest settlement with your silver and any trade goods you 've managed to get stuff like leather from any game you 've hunted or maybe some easy gold or silver that you were able to mine .
then use that wealth to buy guys and once weapons are covered a decent set of armor for your melee blocker .
back when i had gotten a ds and and got a pokémon game on my birthday🥲the good days
seems like the sort of thing u/egnards might be interested in helping to track .
so i think the point is n't that they did n't work hard or accomplish a lot .
the point is that they did n't get there on their own .
the reality is for the vast majority of people even if they had the same talent intellect and work ethic they would never get to where these people got because of their luck in having an advantageous starting positing help etc .
people get upset at the idea of talking about privilege because they think it 's dismissing others achievements .
it 's not it 's asking that we think a bit about how often the way our world is thanks to the systems we 've built means some people have no shot of moving up .
aka it 's asking for some empathy and understanding .
keep looking and you 'll see a lot more of me
i disagree that the mind control is better than lifesteal .
walking fountain gave you a heal for 8 against most boards .
this things effect is much weaker against most boards it will be up against .
like its maximum potential where you kill a 100-100 minion left at 6 health is nice but unrealistic .
most the time you will get a 2-2 resurrected which just dies to aoe .
if you value random bodies on board you ca n't rely on a 9 drop to do that for you .
if you do n't value bodies on board the lifesteal is better .
commenting channel or video links has shown to make people harass channels in the past .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youngpeopleyoutube if you have any questions or concerns .
damn i have been spending my whole life trying to avoid mistakes .
maybe i should just figure out how to a monumentally stupid mistake .
one of their favorite passtime is to stare into nothing for hours at length so yeah pretty normal .
i think they 're expired i have n't been able to get newer ones .
but i 'll give it a go and try getting some
even sweeter that they lost in their opening match to ecuador
hello sunbeams start of a new week so i decided to bring you all another amazing sweet sexy script fill of the talented and wholesome u/directionofnorth this was a beautiful sweet full of kisses full of sweetness and love care and just loving vibes script offer https www.reddit.com/r/gonewildaudio/comments/wxn9f1/script_offer_i_keep_on_loving_you_more_f4m_gfe ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf is here please leave some comments and praise .
you have just come back from a week long trip .
your gf can tell you seem a little down after returning and after you being away for what feels like an eternity i welcome you back in the best way you can ...
no dildo or vibrator could ever replicate that excitement i get from see you all perked up and hard for me .
oh and what 's this little gift for me ?
... .. you really should n't have because i 'm going to finally .
let me show you how much i 've missed you https soundgasm.net/u/tolea1989/i-keep-on-loving-you-more
oh and if you want to check out u/directionofnorth other scripts library look here !
script was also beta read by the wonderful ever amazing u/aria51 https www.reddit.com/u/aria51
disclaimer this is an audio for adults over 18 by adults over 18 .
please do not share anyway else it is owned by me .
please leave feedback and praise to the script writer it means so much to me all my love sunsets xoxox
some serious dadjeans right down to the antique indigo color would make a great holiday gift ... a whole bunch of sizes too .
i 'm interested in coursera plus but 399 is way higher than my budget .
so i wanted to know if they usually do a discount during these days .
i 'm a college student in central florida looking for somebody in the area or even somebody long distance to grow close to over time .
i 've struggled with mental health my whole life and it has kind of prevented me from really putting myself out there .
i like to think that i have really improved but i am at the point in my life where it is still pretty difficult to meet people so here i am !
i rarely play anything that requires me to play against other people now because i am insanely washed and some people are just too cracked .
some of my favs or recents are destiny 2 the smt series cult of the lamb lost ark and more
although it has been a hot minute since i have watched any anime you can guarantee that i will be there for when demon slayer season 3 drops .
vagabond and 20th century boys are some of my fav manga
i 'm getting back into reading for enjoyment and could always use more recommendations !
i recently finished the arc of the scythe trilogy by neal shusterman and thoroughly enjoyed each book
i have four tattoos and i plan to get many many more .
some people get tattoos that have sentimental value which is always valid .
i just have them because i think they look cool lol
not really in the interest of getting insanely big moreso just to get myself healthy .
hitting the gym these past few months has done so much for my mental health and i am always looking forward to my next workout .
i have a calico cat that i adopted about 2 years ago .
she has major attitude and takes up 75 of my photo gallery
i wo n't play dumb and try to pretend that attraction is a pretty big part of making this kind of connection .
go ahead and ask and if you do n't like what you see no hard feelings
basically as the title says i 'm a first time mom with a 3 month old daughter and i miss my mom .
a few days ago was the 20th anniversary of my mom 's passing and that same day my daughter turned 3 months old .
i was 8 when she passed and i feel like she missed my whole life .
this might just be me going through a lot right now the anniversary going back to work sending my baby to daycare but it really sucks she 's not here .
i just know if she was here she would 've been so supportive and helpful with anything and everything i needed .
i just hope i live long enough so my daughter never has to feel this way .
i know most of these big emotions will pass in a few days but i needed somewhere to share this .
if you read this all thank you for your time .
i 'm considering purchasing a condo to rent out .
based on my current calculations the rent would not cover expenses and i would have to pay an additional 700/month to cover the mortgage property taxes and maintenance .
i 'm new to real estate so i do n't know if this is reasonable .
i realize that part of the money would be going toward the condo 's equity but 700 seems a bit much especially since i 've heard others have been able to break even with their rentals .
just wanted to see what others experience has been ?
i 'm sure it depends on where you live i 'm near toronto canada .
this problem is a bit multi faceted and arose abruptly .
to make a long story short i received an inappropriate reprimand to the effect of receiving a near nuclear response to something that did n't even merit a slap on the wrist .
i made my contest to this known to my super and everyone they chose to include on the email chain of their own volition .
now i do n't know for certain that these things are directly correlated but i 'm going to behave as if they are and this was an attempt at retaliation .
later that day and very last minute aforementioned supervisor demanded that i come to their office to sign my annual expectations despite staff having till the end of the month to review and sign per policy .
i refused making it clear i wanted to review the new plan independently and compare it to the previous years ' as i know unspecified changes were made .
when they continually attempted to coerce me into doing it on their timeline i rebuffed by requesting the names and contact information of our union representatives .
supervisor attempted to dance around the subject until i point blank demanded the information at which point they said they do n't know who the union reps are or how to contact them .
they did not outright state so but implied they had no intention of finding out .
i will not be specifying the agency but i hold a government position .
i am aware that supervisors can not legally refuse to supply this information .
if they honestly do n't know then they are obligated to find out .
i have some idea of how to proceed but would appreciate advice as much on how to cover my tail and protect myself going forward as to what specific actions i should take over being refused this info .
i should clarify that the error shows up in my google search console .
it seems that somethings missing however i ca n't figure out what mainentity stands for .
hi everyone so around last month i went to bed with a stuffy nose one night and woke up the next morning feeling like it had all drained to my throat .
nothing new for me that happens every once in a while and it always goes away on its own in a day or two .
but then a week passed and two weeks passed and that feeling was still there .
but i was n't coughing or having any sort of symptoms it was just a mild feeling that something was blocking my throat but no matter how many times i tried to clear it or swallow that feeling did n't go away .
and it 's not like it bothered me too much it was just an annoying feeling .
some days i would feel it more than others and i would get bothered by it more if i was hyper-aware of the fact that it was there .
for example if i were to play a video game i would be so focused on the game that i would forget my throat was blocked .
anyway i made an appointment with my allergist who checked my throat and only saw a little drainage which made sense because it only felt like a little drainage but it was still enough to be annoying .
so he prescribed me a round of cefdinir to start with and told me that if things did n't improve then he would put me on prednisone which i really did n't want to do because of how strong and finicky of a routine it is .
i finished the cefdinir and it did n't really do anything .
but in my opinion it 's not so much of a nuisance to my daily life where i feel like i need as strong a medication as prednisone to make it go away .
my allergist did n't really give a diagnosis either he just said i was draining and gave me the meds and sent me on my way .
i 've have sinusitis many times in the past and now it just feels like a chronic mild case of it .
and are there any other things i could do to maybe thin the mucus or clear my throat ?
my current allergy medications are fluticasone propionate 50mcg azelastine hydrochloride 137mcg 1 spray each nostril twice a day and allegra 180mg 1 tablet every morning .
if i had to guess i 'd say something like the inuits of north america
can anybody verify this before i go spend an hour grinding mazrado files
if wo n't be replying immediately to messages then do n't bother not looking for time wasters .
wrapped bitcoin cash wbch is a new cryptocurrency that is being developed on the tron network .
the currency has 21,000,000 tokens and is currently in its ico https infinitecoincap.com/wrappedbch stage .
the team behind the project is aiming to raise 5,800,000 to fund the development of the currency .
the tron network is a decentralized platform that enables developers to build and deploy decentralized applications .
the platform is similar to ethereum in that it uses smart contracts to power its applications .
however tron is designed to be more scalable than ethereum and can handle more transactions per second .
the main purpose of wrapped bitcoin cash is to provide a way for users to exchange their bitcoin cash for the new currency .
the team behind the project believes that the currency has huge potential and could become one of the leading cryptocurrencies on the tron blockchain in the future .
you can exchange your bitcoin cash for wrapped bitcoin cash through the ico https infinitecoincap.com/wrappedbch .
the ico https infinitecoincap.com/wrappedbch is currently underway and will last until the end of march 2023 .
you can also buy the currency on exchanges such as sunswap https sunswap.com scan/detail/tba8hyi5kmwssrelk6o8syywrtluaxhzaw .
the main benefit is that it allows users to exchange their bitcoin cash for the new currency on the tron network you will have the chance to get in on the ground of a new cryptocurrency and have potential huge gains as the currency gets used more .
the team behind the project believes that the currency has huge potential and could become one of the leading cryptocurrencies on the tron blockchain in the future .
there are always risks associated with investing in any cryptocurrency .
the team behind wrapped bitcoin cash is committed to minimizing the risks as much as possible .
however as with any investment there is always a chance of loss .
wrapped bitcoin cash is a new cryptocurrency that has the potential to become one of the leading currencies on the tron blockchain in the future .
the team behind the project is experienced and committed to minimizing the risks associated with the currency .
however as with any investment you should always do your own research before investing .
something i missed in se was using the middle mouse button to pull target block to current block you can place ... i.e .
i see a thing use mmb on it and now i can place a block just like it .
if so can you add an option to map that to mmb ?
it has been some time but it 's finally here the date and details of our upcoming final southmarch irl party !
there 'll be a prize for best dressed explorer !
whoever can come to the party physically can you please give 5 per person before december 3rd ?
this will go towards the food for the evening .
we got monies from the tips you gang have given over the year shoutout to all you lovely patreon and ko-fi donators !
but would like a bit more on top to cater properly for you hungry children to send 5 you can use m-paisa and send it to me dm for number then dm me to say that that was from you .
if you do n't have m-paisa uhh dm me and we 'll figure something out .
since all our monies are going towards the chow we 're going to ask if everyone can bring your own booze or in the case of u/billben your own grog .
with the irl party date locked in you know what that means we 'll be aiming to finish off the campaign before then !
head on down to the polls-and-votes channel on our discord server to vote on when you 're available for the final showdown !
drafted him 6th had insane shot out of draft and then got 70 goals full sim high scoring as a rookie team went 35-36-11
can i fix biscuits i made with old shortening so they taste better or should i throw them away ?
anyone na pupunta ng sm megamall rn and game for plus one ?
wala ako kasama e and i 'm kinda bored and walang gagawin so i 'm spend time sa sm megamall .
mabait naman ako and can definitely blend it sa inyo .
if hindi niyo bet you can safely refuse on meet game naman ako magisa kaso wala magpipicture haha
if you 're a guy mas pwede kahit tayong dalawa lang libre kita hahaha .
keep the mini rando rack and slightly suffer with not quite enough stack for my liking .
yes i know the stem is already way up there
swap out the mini rando rack for wald 137 including struts .
because my bar bag does n't quite reach the rack with all that reach
when it comes to security there are many factors to consider .
one of the most important is where you store your keys and spare keys .
many people opt to store their keys in secure key cabinets https telkee.com.au/shop/category/key-cabinets with indexed key tags https telkee.com.au/shop/category/key-tags and hooks .
these cabinets and safes come in a range of types from small key cabinets https telkee.com.au/shop/category/key-tags that can be kept outside to much larger ones that need to be stored indoors .
there are pros and cons to both indoor and outdoor key cabinets .
here are a few things to consider when making your decision
● ease of access if you store your keys outside they may be more difficult to get to in an emergency .
on the other hand if you keep them inside you run the risk of someone breaking into your home to get to them .
● protection from the elements outdoor key cabinets are exposed to the elements which can damage the keys over time .
indoor key cabinets are protected from weather damage but they may not be as secure from intruders .
● cost outdoor key cabinets tend to be less expensive than indoor models .
however you may need to factor in the cost of weatherproofing your cabinet to protect your keys .
what is more secure an outdoor key cabinet or indoor key cabinet ?
weigh the pros and cons of each option to decide what is more secure for your needs .
an outdoor key cabinet may be the best choice for you if cost is a factor .
if security is your main concern then an indoor key cabinet may be a better option .
choose the option that will keep your keys safe and sound .
when buying a key cabinet whether indoor or outdoor it should be purchased from a reputable manufacturer to ensure the highest quality and security .
do your research to find a key cabinet that meets your needs and budget .
a little bit of planning now can save you a lot of headaches down the road .
i 'm day 8 now and my scabs are now mostly gone .
my back is killing me from all the sleeping sitting up this past week .
when is it safe to finally sleep laying down again ?
should i wait the full 2 weeks to be safe ?
my name is marián and i will graduate from german highschool next year .
before i study japanology computer science i first want to visit and work in japan for about 1 year .
i am very unsure whether i want to participate in an iyvs international youth volunteer service or work in japan with a working holiday visa .
my goal is to make myself a clear picture of japanese work culture and learn the language while being there .
iyvs help with paperwork paid flight set job paid flat 1 paid meal a day 30000 yen pocket money every month working 40 hours a week
will the iyvs give me a wrong and narrowed picture of japan ?
which is the right decision iyvs or a work holiday ?
is there someone that made a similiar decision like i have to do who can talk about his point of view ?
the current era is the era of trade business and commerce .
it results in constant business expansions as it grows and becomes more sophisticated .
the establishment of accounting long back resulted from realizing that an organization can not remember all of its interactions for a given period and must maintain a written record of each commercial transaction .
i ca n't shake the feeling of not being in control of myself and watching out of someone else 's eyes who are supposed to be living my life .
i feel like i do n't have control of what i do and am just watching .
financial reporting https financehelpdesk.weebly.com/blog/financial-reporting-homework-help-all-you-need-to-excel-in-financial-analysis is an intellectual subject that involves documenting and conveying information about the various financial activities and presentation of the same on a timely basis .
thanks to finance-helpdesk.com you can now access a website that is thoroughly dedicated to bringing the best out of its students .
the used all that i 've got video youtube https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tgb_jwcupg0
i recently found out that i have ocd so these thoughts have just been spiraling and making everything worse .
i 've come to the realization that every depressing thought i feel is all my fault .
sure i did n't have a perfect upbringing but the things i ruminate about and want to hurt myself for are things that i have done not things anyone has done to me .
i 've had some shitty things done to me too but the reason i feel like hurting myself or ending my life are because of mistakes i 've made .
i feel like i deserve to die because i feel like i keep fucking up .
somethings are so trivial to some people like maybe i offended someone else once a few years ago but i 'm still so hard on myself for it .
however recently i did something then found out i was lied to about it which is something i take seriously and because of that i felt like a sick person .
i feel like it 's still my fault like i should have known better anyway .
god i wish i had the guts to kill myself because i feel like i 'm gon na feel this way forever .
its already on bbc i player for anyone that wants to watch early
we have found 5 best indian crypto exchange platforms for indian users .
lets have a sneak peek and know what they have to offer .
definitely a favorite show of mine that 's for sure .
however what in the everliving hell was season 6 ?
honestly what are y'all 's opinions on rory 's appearing in the show ?
i have n't read the comics or anything so please forgive me if i 'm uneducated on what 's canon anyways please tell me i 'm not the only one that feels like her whole plot thing was very dry depressing and unnecessary .
it was just sad how much the show lacked as it went on to the end .
i do n't blame her character much but it just felt like it was a filler to hide the obviously dwindling quality in the writing .
sorry for the rant i 'm just really sad the show ended and especially how it ended .
the cast was lovely though and all seem very down to earth .
so i have been looking at getting a spring sniper rifle or a dmr but i am having difficulties understanding fps .
even on higher end sniper rifles i am seeing fps of around 400 .
do i need to upgrade after purchase to get any rifle to improve range ?
if i am spending 400 on a sniper rifle why is the fps so low ?
as our company grows and evolves we will be expanding our inventory .
if there are any products or services able to be sold in no man 's sky that you would like to see please feel free to let us know !
hullo all just looking for some advice on some led light strips for my bedroom .
previously i 've bought some off amazon but the colours died within a month so looking for something a bit more reliable .
i need about 20m/65ft and in true 14 year old fashion need to be able to use various different colours and maybe custom ones using an app ?
i am in australia so they need to be readily available here .
my budget is about 100 aud maximum preferably lower about 66 usd if that helps
microtek group of institutions is the best college for mass communication in varanasi https microtek.ac.in/about .
the college provides students with ample opportunities to sharpen their communication skills .
the college has a proven track record of job placements at leading firms and media houses in india .
college for mass communication in varanasi https preview.redd.it/k4fbaz4zrg1a1.jpg ? width=2048 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=f71a293b31a96935faf518baa2e06d14a9ae2fee
i love following this sub and looking at mushrooms which i 've never seen grow locally but today i googled in my own language after seeing yet another reishi post and it turns out they sell supplements made from these mushrooms just ground and dried mushrooms basically and they seem to have all sorts of amazing benefits .
is it worth it or is it more like you 're taking some imaginary vitamins and hoping for the best if you know what i mean ?
i own two sticks of 2x8 3200mhz ram and want more so i brought the same ram corsair vengeance '' 2x8 but they where 3600mhz will it still work if i put 3200mhz and 3600mhz in the same rig ?
you know how people turn pale when they 're scared ?
i do n't want to sound racist in real life .
so recommend please books where mc can read mind .
just browsing on r/worldnews and i have to say most of the commentary is devoid on any critical thinking .
we are talking opposites day '' type of stuff here like everything is russian and putin 's fault .
it is scary how stupid they are but more to the point scary if they actually believe all the shit they say .
hey guys i know sql power bi and excel all of beg-intermediate levels .
i am currently working on a project that uses netflix data .
in director columns there are a lot of spelling mistakes and characters but i cant spell check it or remove them because its a name of person and irl they might have weird names and also in countries column i have multiple values .
if i ignore one value in country column would n't it create bias ?
my5 keeping london moving then and now season 1 episode 1 london underground channel5.com https www.channel5.com/show/keeping-london-moving-then-and-now
maybe the callers saw things that the fbi do n't want released so they do n't want people and the press asking them for details
by definition an fj clue that results in at least one incorrect response is not too easy .
but for me and probably majority of players it 's a buff that streamlines the altar rewards while nerfing them and adding some compensation like awakened gems to maven witnesses and scarabs .
it 's really a change i like but i would n't call it a buff .
it 's just a very good nerf that makes rewards and gameplay better .
yeah the majority of cocaine heroin fentanyl and other drugs are produced in foreign clandestine labs but a lot is still produced within the us borders .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
all users are welcome to share their personal experiences with the vaccines but refrain from asking for or giving medical advice as that breaks rule 2 e.g .
nobody in this sub can tell anyone whether they should get vaccinated or not that is a decision to be made by the user and their doctor .
posts and comments breaking this rule will be removed repeat offenses will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/covidlonghaulers if you have any questions or concerns .
it grows in the damaged areas of rainforest and gives food to native birds .
just last weekend i 've been to a forest badly damaged by 2019 fires and it 's all covered with this plant .
the plant is n't long living and 'll go away in a couple of years when the surrounding trees are tall enough .
was n't montenegro technically independent since the ottomans never could really exercise control over it ?
i think sheridan really thinks beth is such a cool badass woman that we the audience ca n't get enough of .
damn juicy price i already have a mini itx build wondering should i upgrade '' my case😂
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
in a week i have a match at racine county line .
i 'm picking up an order from karma so i 'll have to stop there
if you have an active peacock account then it 's not an addition purchase .
it 's just an average mainstream tuning that sounds decently good
for around 200 you might also want to check out the 7hz timeless
do n't bring your wife into the conversation if you do n't want idiots taking about her .. 😂
because he 's a narcissist and he thinks everyone loves him even though he 's been a bald faced jerk to everyone .
i have to imagine that getting that lid off of that pink dish right out of the oven would be a feat !
ca n't really grab it that well with potholders .
i love george and can not wait to see what you cook up next !
1/2/1 whenever you summon a minion gain 1 attack .
call pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot me with up to 7 cardname .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot message=tell 20me 20more 20 info subject=hi
just go to your ubisoft account management page and link your ps account .
took a small break started fucking a guy she fucked before .
did n't define the rules of the break got burned for it .
it 's not an airport you do n't have to announce your departure . ''
her official title on starwars dot com was sith assassin and/or sith acolyte prior to the disney acquisition .
i sliced like 1/5th of the pill and took it that way
i mean technically but they 're so rare they 're actually fun .
they did n't even do forking extra time lame as hell
you can attend a phlebotomy class near you to see how challenging it is sometimes
i guess it 's meant to match the official beret color mentioned in the wikipedia article .
if you have n't watched it already i think everyone should watch shaye moss ' https youtu.be/23dn9vxwcsg testimony to the jan 6th committee .
these people care about democracy and do n't care what party you vote for they just want you to have the right to vote .
some of these workers have relatives that were n't able to vote .
thank you for giving us all your minerals and keeping your people from socialism '' bush
this honestly just sounds like a young person being mean to an older person ... nothing to do with boomer shit .
poco f4 is better than mi 11 lite hardware and camera .
my mom 's mi 11 lite on/off button stoped working in less than one year my mi 11 pro died after 2 months of use
sd 870 is solid i stil using my mi 9 sd855 and works great after 3 years .
888 was better but motherboard died on the mi 11 pro
make sure to follow our community guidelines and use the report option to flag posts and comments for mods to review .
get user flair https redd.it/gpcgdy and check out our sister satellite subreddits in the sidebar for more content !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladiesofwrestling if you have any questions or concerns .
your point is moot all you can do is deflect and deny .
you 've had enough chances go suck more theocratic dictators cock
really random but not a single one of these surprises me at all
they probably did run out bc i had the palette on mine this morning when they opened .
super easy to activate and nice to be able to see all my lovely ape nfts on my phone ! !
i do n't need religion to understand how to treat people with kindness and respect .
in fact most religious folks i 've met have had garbage morals and atrocious values where non-religious people have been far more compassionate and empathetic .
the days they brought out the parachute were the best days .
what i want to know is are they still doing it with the old late 60s instrumental music like they did in the 80s and 90s .
how did we get from play what you want it 's probably at least doable to you can do the currently hardest content with 4 supports ?
there are plenty of kakul runs including a dps pally for example
i just wanted op to know that they should play what they enjoy even if it 's not optimal .
people just chase meta a bit 2 much in this game but whatever
i still think it 's too early to say .
trump is flailing now but he still has a whole year to find a narrative that sticks .
and he has one major advantage over desantis in the primaries which is he can threaten to be a spoiler in the general election whether by running 3rd party or by screaming that the primary was rigged and republicans are part of the deep state and dragging it out in a long ugly process filled with conspiracy theories and bullshit .
desantis ca n't do this because the reason people are running to him in the first place is because they want the gop to win .
i 've seen some people claim that maga will still rally behind desantis but honestly i do n't think it will be as clean as they think .
this is still the base that voted out mature effective congressmen for trump loyalists just a few months ago .
if trump 's support is still strong even if it is n't a majority then the people who actually care about the gop winning are going to have to grapple with either rallying behind trump or trying their luck with desantis who may or may not be popular outside of florida and a split party .
my money 's still on trump being the nominee in 2024 and desantis chooses not to run .
i was interviewed in ny and ended up in bay area .
some companies take extensive notes on interviews so they can pass those notes to potential teams too so there 's really no way of knowing .
likely is assuming there is cargo and it is secured but i would n't risk running it unless it was empty .
being attracted to them a little and then their manners or politeness .
it 's because they know everyone is going for the camos so to shut us up and give us as little new content as possible so they can keep working on this unfinished game i see it as a way to buy time and i 'm the process giving us a map we can do all the camp challenges on that the community is familiar with trust me i agree with you i wan afghan and high rise back smh
vasilevsky looks like he 'd be a software developer if he did n't play hockey
please consider reposting this with a less spammy sounding title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/xsmallgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
disconnected and then there is a queue to login .
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma apes feed the bot here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
to ensure your post does n't get removed please respond to this comment with how this post relates to gme the stock or gamestop the company .
please up and downvote this comment to help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk !
fernando would lose to lewis by a larger margin than seb in 2017 but he 'd lose by a narrower margin in 2018 .
he does n't win either way since ferrari is ferrari .
ruler from geng possibly coming to na fq in particular to finally give competition to our very own berserker for the top 1 adc spot .
there are plenty of independent mom and pop stations that whole heartedly support right wing causes .
this is n't an ethics choice it just that they can make a buck off of it .
do n't read spoilers unless you do n't understand something .
it 's a game they are made to enjoy it .
so just enjoy the experience and think up your own ideas and plans .
i also agree the satisfaction of figuring something out and solving a puzzle or a problem is probably more rewarding than a copy of the best setup someone else thought of .
he 's just fun in the same way yondu is .
you know at this point in life with accessibility to information no one is gon na tell you something you do n't already know .
information can not completely counter disinformation when the disinformation is spread with bad intentions .
a lie or misinformation can be told without any additional effort .
the truth or information here needs to be double checked confirmed and needs references/proof .
and before you did prove someone lied they added another and yet another lie .
this is why targeted wilful misinformation in order to twist reality '' needs to be forbidden .
abraham lincoln one of the most prominent and important us presidents gop suffered from marfan syndrome had a mental illness due to the early deaths of several of his kids but ultimately got assassinated and did not die from his other issues .
just a handful of ppl will directly know which part the lie is everyone else needs to check it .
and everyone trying to refute it needs a valid reference .
you 'll be waitin ' till jesus comes back ''
that 's one write up of how it 's considered discriminatory .
does n't bother me personally i just think it 's cringe to use it for yourself .
also wow your 日本語 sure is 上手 like 本当に .
he sees ichigo yamamoto and many shinigami yet none of them came to his side .
regardless if he sees the future everything ends with him getting rekt .
goku outpowers him like a cockroach trying to stop a chariot .
much like jesus moses and the many reincarnations of the buddha i 'm going to say fictional .
not like joseph smith who was a real person who made up silly nonsense rather than simply being silly nonsense .
i 'd say walk on the other side of the road but then you have to walk past that grotty pub which is probably a far worse experience .
joking aside the man needs to be told clearly and firmly that he 's behaving inappropriately .
hopefully that will put a stop to it but if not you 'd have grounds to file a report for harassment .
nah it should be guaranteed 100 predator fur conceived raised and processed in third world conditions ''
right but to me that implies a serious practiced response to just killing 4 people to remember to locked doors after each one .
when i sit in a couch chair i sit at a 90 degree angle with my legs over one armrest and my back on the other
that bad mf has been sitting in jedidiah 's barn for months just waiting for rumsprina .
your homies are cool though mine were like y they trade an entire draft for a dude who ca n't stay healthy
420 high your on a whole other level of perfection straight dime piece
how about instead of taking the time to berate him and call it bad service you just do it yourself next time ?
stop expecting overworked people to continuously provide quality service for something your not even willing to help with .
we know something is wrong when a vicky 3 player does n't know what the ngf is .
what 's the difference between being 49.5 cm offside and 50 cm offside ?
it says a new badge of heroes has been added ?
does this refer to the datamine or we get one for risen teostra or sumn
messi has been so slow to pass on multiple occasions and not playing martinez when your gameplan is middle-long through balls is weird to me .
shoutout to renard for playing a suicidal defensive line .
makes for a really fun tactical game to watch .
sad that the saudi most forward three players are soooo mediocre .
guy lacks some physique but hes smart and technically sound .
it looks like the deceitful trait now that i think about it
square do n't beef red side now they just beef southwold
yes yes double down on your head facts as usual i literally have had every service i 've ever used in japan for years now registered to one and no one has ever batted an eye or said a word .
they 're not verifying your residence status with your phone number they 're using your residence card .
if you do n't support sms gasp many old people do n't have cell phones there are alternate procedures available .
please use the correct title format for a r4r post as defined on the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/connecticutgw/wiki/index .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/connecticutgw if you have any questions or concerns .
the one in the 1840s is referred to as the great famine even though the one in the 1740s was even greater .
if you go back to the 16th century the literacy rate in ireland was literally 0 so there is n't even a record the earlier natural disasters .
you seem to be requesting the source for an image by making a text post .
if you 're going to make a request for an image please use a link/image post instead .
text posts are meant to give description when you do n't have an image or anything .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nhentai if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's an old clip from last winter but still a cool one
anyone got any idea what the other plane in the hanger is ?
its definitely not a b36 due to the side door in the roundel .
no way they just do n't let them play .
yes they probably thought khashoggi took and ate the key .
a bit excessive to open him up like that though .
ondernemersklimaat stond in het boekje dat ze uitdeelden op het congres .
ben daar niet geweest maar heb het boekje wel gelezen .
it could be thrips too but it would n't change anything .
treat it and check every week if they come back .
i had them on a plant and i was just lucky that i could chop it early without a big infestation .
but i had them over 4 month on all my other houseplants !
i treated them 3-5 times until i used chemicals which finally killed them .
they will come back do it asap and do it good
will happily see the squad and a few opponents get booted up the arse it 's desperately needed .
yeah i would n't be surprised if they try and ban trans people from competitive bird watching because their eyesight is better ffs
a friend of mine is a black female in germany and she stays away of black men as far as possible .
she does n't like the mentality of the african men .
you must also imagine that there are not many black it guys running around with a good salary .
i guess that most of them are refugees and they need to marry to get a permanent status in the schengen space .
i had a personal bad experience in it at a customer with a black internal coworker .
he negotiated well and got hired with a really good salary .
we could hardly see him at work and when he was there then he was the only one who made racist jokes .
he was a nice guy but at work a waste of space .
there were also indian coworkers who never claimed any problems due to racism at work .
he got fired after several years and went with a lawyer to the arbeitsgericht to get a higher abfindung .
they claimed racism at work and the company immediately agreed to their proposal .
i still think that he basically ruined it for other poc .
my humble words can not begin to do you justice 😍
i kinda want to see a couple of 2cnd tier spots almost puddles of wet blacker earthy spots too .
nothing i did n't have any goals or dreams especially not about work
20m compsci student from canada primarily mo and sy player .
favorite deck is vampires with no renfri or anything sy midrange/control .
8 of your last 19 comments/submissions have been removed .
this is cute but lets just appreciate the great animation quality torwards the end tho .
you 've seen him colin hanging off russian presidents and getting scolded you know colin you 've seen him right
it wo n't be in time because i live too far away but i 'll happily send some late birthday wishes
i seriously hope you 're just triying to troll at this point and are not actually as dumb as your comments make you to be .
so ... it was already graded throw it away ?
that 's exactly what i 'm doing now and the opposite of what all vets have advised me .
that 's the part where i have no answer .
or trans men who report a great uptick in sex drive after taking hormones .
i have had plenty of lesbian and gay friends and the norms surrounding casual sex are worlds apart .
i believe the w is for winter time and the s is for summer time in other words daylight saving time .
if you 'd just be objective for a second you 'd see the us is being a lot more aggressive .
europeans seriously ca n't handle anything not being done their way .
in my case it is all opposite hmy to lahore mai reh kr sab bahr waaly chuna lga gye .
last time i got this ugly ass burgundy ovo hoodie but i am a gambler and will try again 🫡
modern ratchets are a million times better than old ones .
yes it 's not enough because ph also already said this morning that they has submitted 112 sd .
what is said in the press might not be the same as what were presented to the ydpa .
we still do n't have a pm that 's mean both side still does n't have 112 support .
being in debt does make a takeover more likely it does n't affect what type of takeover though .
i believe if you were to get the date right and save at the right point you could reload the takeover though until you got the desired type if you wanted .
this page states stunned meat wo n't be certified as halal company based in le .
you can look at the figures for june and july just as easily .
ok now just need the engineers surveyors architects accountants managers electricians and a myriad of other professions .
those all take more than a couple of weeks .
and you can build new solar manufacturing facilities in a couple years .
assuming you can get all the machinery which is also in high demand because people know you can sell solar panels and make a pretty penny .
oh and while you 're at it make sure to build the processing plants for all the materials going into the panels .
let 's also not forget sourcing all the resources some which may also require very invasive mining .
ah and also the supply chain to move all the materials around .
of course you will also need to staff all this infrastructure which either means taking people from existing projects or training up new people from scratch .
honestly it feels like everyone on here should just play a game like factorio or satisfactory .
they 're obviously nowhere near the complexity of the real thing but they at least do a good job of communicating the range and variety of all the inputs into a long supply chain .
it 's over when we stop wasting money and time .
then you 're going to have a long miserable life full of anger and disappointment because money will never be spent exactly how you want it and on nothing else .
stop assuming that people who disagree with you are out to get you .
why would someone be out to get me just because they 're angry about solar panels ?
how did you even reach this conclusion from what i wrote ?
the things you reply to and the actual replies you write do n't seem connected to the content of my post .
in case you 're confused that entire sentence you quoted is just a series of movie and book references .
useful for keeping any spilled water or coffee from ruining the table it 's on .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
nude but for shoes is we 're naked but going out so people will know we were naked . ''
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.imgur.com/ui39t0h.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
for a long time his manager was his baby mama .
i know a filmmaker in dc who tried to do a documentary on tayroc he was n't interested .
you 're right his career is one big missed opportunity .
leaves to find and mark the place on the map
i love that the consensus on jimmy g swings between top 10 and complete trash almost weekly
also sometimes it would n't hurt for people to just get more obvious with it you know ?
especially if your hints seem like they 're just missing rather than being ignored .
the day the word got banned was the day this sub died
i struggling to get it to raise up into position .
im still mad we lost to the damn let 's ride broncos .
that loss got us battling for the nfcw lead while we bout to be undefeated in the nfcw
it 's pretty clear that they did n't want to give it a hard ending solely for the sake of the spinoffs .
ultimately though i think my biggest issue with it is the hollywood-esque cinematography and editing although that 's a problem with season 11 in general .
shit like rosita 's fakeout '' felt like it was from some generic hollywood action movie with the over-exaggerated slowmo and yelling and then her popping out of the horde with no effort at all .
even glenn 's fakeout of a similar manner did n't feel as awkward .
also maybe it 's just me but it feels like they really skimped on the cgi budget for the final episode .
the fuel explosion/fire the obviously fake foliage in the last few shots when daryl is leaving etc .
the teen was just putting on some jams to keep his head on straight all the while he tries to find his way to class .
just a bit of warning they are not winter tires .
they are great snow tires that are really great all year round but proper snow tires can easily beat them on icy conditions .
i had my car slowly roll back my driveway way too many times 🙃 .
magic looked really solid to start the season it just seems like they 're playing pickup at the y against nba teams .
shes ... ... ..interesting i had her blocked for a while the only reason i did n't is because her and her husband gave me a place to stay when my dad kicked me out of the house when i came out as pan i did n't know her feelings on lgbt people till a month later thats when i really started to distance myself that and when she screamed at me for being a baby murderer because i said im pro choice ... ... even though ive never had an abortion ... ... . and abortion isnt murder ... ... .. yeah were just 2 very different people
i quit my full time day job in order to spend 8 hours a day working on this graph .
thankfully this subreddit is able to enjoy the fruits of my labor .
i have n't tried playing nilou in freeze comps because i really enjoy her in a bloom comp .
right now i 'm trying different comps with my nilou and nahida .
scared to shell out due to the few reviews over the web .
or it 's fluid/rust from the metal pipe that sits superior to it .
it sucks that you ca n't take it out with 2 bosco cryo rockets now .
with scout i 'd just wait untill it opens it 's mouth and stuff it with bullets .
you think outside the west people care about lgbtq rights ?
while i did the order primarily as quote on quote intended i was already heavily overleved by the 3rd gym because i did also the titan and star stuff on the way due to it being on the way and also i used a nice level list provided by a user here kudos to you btw whoever you are and yet still i feel way to powerful even with that more or less intended way
everyone 's entitled to their own opinions but my experience has been quite the opposite of what you 're stating .
if you 're open to giving a few examples of what you 've been struggling with i may be able to help you over some of the learning curves that have stopped you from feeling like you got your money 's worth .
he actually murdered the mother of carol woods a lansing city councilwoman as well as an lansing community college instructor whose murder was wrongly pinned on one of her students .
the crappy thing is that video existed exonerating the student but it was suppressed allowing macon to roam free and kill again .
i 'm sorry your dad had to deal with that but at the same time it is a blessing to the world that for all the matthew macons out there we still have guys like your dad making it their job to help people .
turning 7dream into a green screen https twitter.com/daegarri/status/1594480851727028226 ? s=20 t=jm8lkz_ob0qskb6iil6low
with no headshots duh why do n't you try to get good at the game before complaining
9 days nothing is going to change then you 'll eat your words
this post really could have used an accompanying picture but yes
if he plays good in the playoffs then you consider keeping him if trey do n't look great in his recovery process .
it 's not the regular season where jimmys flaws are on full exposure .
vs better d 's and high pressure situations is where he has to prove himself before you consider giving him any more of the teams money .
really wish they would release studio ghibli films in 4k
maybe next time post your cat instead of wilfred brimley .
well this morning i actually bought myself a couple of breakfast sandwiches at burger king and a drink i had some mountain dew that i bought a while back that kind of made me happy
this has been my first solid year with nanowrimo .
this year i 've been good about hitting my 1667 and just stopping .
it has made it so much more doable for me .
the enemy of my peace-of-mind can be the monitor .
so if i 'm not doing a specific workout/test with a coach watching ... i position the monitor out of sight. fuck that thing .
put some really good music on and a timer on my phone for however long i need to go and just erg to the beat .
what i like a lot about no-monitor erging is that i do n't even need to think about what i 'm doing — muscle memory takes care of that .
during your time off some steady state is better than nothing and anxiety-free steady state is a good goal .
but i also agree with the others on here that you should take the opportunity to stay fit by doing other things — cross-country skiing swimming and biking will keep your cardio up pilates barre and yoga can keep you flexible free weights and calisthenics can keep your muscles twitching .
the free britney subreddit is a sham as well .
indigenous australians remain the most disadvantaged and marginalised group in australia .
on all the standard indicators of poverty and disadvantage ...
i am a two pump chump with a stub !
but since i have the gift of the gab i use it to please .
that 's fair but i 've got the greens up above labor for that anyway and realistically richmond is a greens v labor stoush so that matters more than if i have reason or labor 4th or 5th .
i also do n't actually believe reason would be much better than labor on the environment because eventually their pro-business liberalist policies will hit the brick wall or capitalism begets environmental impacts because it requires growth so while their ideas sound nice they 're not on the same level as the progressive parties
all that said i 'm just giving my opinions .
if you like reason 's policies that 's great pop em where you want .
at least they 're not actively corrupt lying proto-fascist dogs like the lnp
i was keeping an eye on it but was like ... ehh it 's discharge .
like i 'm not saying tank but a retool definitely would n't hurt man problem is we ca n't afford to waste a year of jimmy trying to get a draft pick it 's also not really our m.o as a franchise either imo
use command ' ! use potion id or name to use a potion
use command ' ! open bundle id or name to open a bundle
kotd bot will always use your most-broken version of an item
whether or not those towns have this you are never more than 15 minutes away .
or safety can do their job and fix the issues ?
lol it 's not the job of every tier 1 associate to take ownership '' over issues that we are n't paid to deal with .
safety does n't do enough anyways i 'll be damned if i go out of my way to do their job .
that 's not why us is an 83 you do n't even know the measurements used in your bs statistic .
also freedom house is literally funded by the us government 😂
is the world condoning usa because fifa is letting usa host the world cup ?
it 's going to be a long night for them .
i hope she does n't do anything too crazy some jails will hold you until after the holiday .
could you explain to me what you do in digital marketing ?
what are the worst parts of it that make you dread the job ?
nope played on series s alot and experienced 1 crash total
except that is n't always the case and lets be real its all real damage because your entirety is changed .
they also go the route of ending themselves or take several others with them out of revenge .
my nephew was the type to snap back quicker but the damage is still very much there .
if we do n't do these band-aid measures in our personal lives we 're sure as heck not going to be willing to go for truly transformative legislative measures to clamp down on emissions if and when they 're presented to us .
it becomes the kind of nimby stuff that people engage in https youtu.be/hndgcjvghiw when affordable housing is actually being built in their neighborhood .
they might agree with the need for climate-action in theory but when they see the kinds of comforts and luxuries we must do away with in order to respond in time they will not be on board at all .
what do you mean i ca n't fly for leisure anymore ?
i have to talk to them online instead just for the planet ?
what do you mean i ca n't buy this sportscar i 've always dreamed of ?
what do you mean i should consider wearing a sweater indoors or take shorter showers ?
my first world ass can afford the bill after-all !
what do you mean i have to pay higher gas taxes ?
you mean you want me to actually sacrifice to save the planet and human lives ?
finally you 're dressed for shoveling as it is .
and your car can clear fogged up windows before the heating gets going .
it likely defaults to ac for that even when your car is all warmed up .
and wanting a partner like that is definitely not a bad thing .
but if you 're asking if it 's uncommon then yes .
so teachers allow you to show of your ass when it turns them on at a volleyball game .
normalerweise geht der zylinder in der position wo man den schluessel abziehen kann nicht raus weil der schliessbart raussteht und er nicht aus dem einstemmschloss raus geht .
now i know what dino to ride on the second crusade of area 51 .
i think i need to buy pierre a pair of glasses as he is n't seeing well on how god awful is dj .
my account just got hacked and i feel like crying .
i mean i do n't really understand why he would want out .
i 'm not trying to sound extreme but the truth is a lot of civilians already want this guy hung i could see there being a mob of people harassing him and trying to get to him if you know what i mean ..
i 'm not saying that 's what i would do but we all know how guys convicted of something like this end up when they 're out in public .
he clearly would n't be able to go back to his house .
why would they waste their time putting him in a safe house when he 'd probably be safer where he 's at in isolation now .
if he in fact did commit these murders innocent until proven guilty i know then my blood boils thinking about him feeling like he deserves any sort of freedom right now .
if you are in the us check out the officialwatchdeals https www.ebay.com/str/officialwatchdeals/citizen/_i.html ? store_cat=70992956013 store on ebay .
you can find some black eco-drives there like this diver https www.ebay.com/itm/264963191619 ? epid=11020774394 hash=item3db1097343 g sjuaaoswne1fyvj7 or a chrono https www.ebay.com/itm/264104291898 ? epid=710187180 hash=item3d7dd7ae3a g k1oaaoswlincfbbu or the ultrathin and smaller stiletto https www.ebay.com/itm/265094063716 ? epid=2255951617 hash=item3db8d66664 g x5caaoswkcdgvo~g and others .
and what 's wrong with those women being lesbians ?
it 's irrelevant to the story but you felt the need to include that fact .
anytime you have to put a disclaimer '' on a post ... you are going to have a bad time
you will probably be better off in the london zones '' .
fares for trains out of london to the commuter towns are notoriously high for a reason mostly people settling down who want a bigger house !
you have to trade off as it will cost more the further out you are in travel especially if you have to travel in peak if you could flexi time to travel off peak the difference is less .
areas like wembley hayes and harlington tottenham etc all worth a look .
make sure you can live somewhere in walking distance to the station as a bus would just be another cost .
might by hybrid but 3 days a week will still get frustrating if it 's a bad journey .
but i still feel like therei s no substantive difference in outcomes for someone middle class between the two setups .
my sister 's dog with severe ptsd is prescribed that along with trazodone and gabapentin .
he 's a foster fail because of how severe his trauma is .
it 's taken 3 years of hard work for him to trust her husband his first owner beat him terribly .
if you want crm and the ability to expand to include landing pages and funnels and automations i 'd suggest you look at ghl high level .
there are many affiliates that offer white label options that come with extras like pre-built setups or tech support etc .
you deserve all the love and kindness you get .
i just started bvt a month ago for my lyme and co .
i do n't think so if features so much on the topic of native americans losing land it 's also showing how no one wants summer to be in prison long .
i do n't think it 's made to be for conservatives .
i think the point is to make you confused and uncomfortable with who you are cheering on .
well maybe nowadays they have more access to that shit cuz now they got cellphones and shit and i even seen a video of this dude playing gta in his cell had a whole xbox and a flat screen tv so i would n't doubt that now they can get steroids
do you care to elaborate a little on the situation ?
i find that people generally project their own insecurities onto others .
all booked hope i can figure out zoom when the time comes haha .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyalecirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
good to know but i doubt that is within easy budget for most players .
none of what i said was directed towards anything specific you said i was adding to it and making a general statement of the game because it makes it sound like they 're doing something good here by just making it different .
i also never said you were wrong maybe try reading but between the lines ?
played over guys like morris mann covington and wall to close that one out .
to anyone else looking for an advantage on xbox because google led you here ...
i 've tested it and sadly discord is n't a work around .
looks like on xbox it 's treated in the same manner as an xbox party chat meaning it 's an on/off toggle for game vs party chat .
if you swap to game chat while in a discord call you get prox chat but you 're now on mic yourself .
if you remain on discord chat you ca n't access prox comms even if everything is enabled in the cod interface .
edit just because i 'm a good guy i 'll list a few keywords that way it registers in searches haha xbox discord warzone war zone 2.0 2 two proximity party chat
experiencing a flatline while being in a relationship is difficult as the lack of libido and possible problems of getting it up can strain things between you .
when i was going through the same thing with my ex i struggled to get it up for about 3 weeks .
i decided to use viagra a few times so that i would be able to satisfy my gf so she would n't feel neglected .
after about a month i did n't need it anymore .
this is something you could consider just for the sake of the relationship .
goddamn reddit went the leftist soviet route on that one eh ?
defense is what we need dang it our strikers are fine
oooofff i did not even think of that next time i will know not to do that .
all the children gets gifts from parents grandparents aunts and uncles .
the adults have a different system for gift giving to each other .
all the siblings and their significant others participate in pollyanna with a 50max .
the siblings all pitch in to get their parents a big gift .
the parents give each of their kids 1 gift that can also be enjoyed by their significant other too .
i only have 1 sibling who does n't have kids so it 's easy on my side 😂
random idea ... au and nz should start doing double-episode joint specials like the new years treat but bring over one uk former contestant to also take part .
to me it would be hilarious to have al murray with 2 kiwis and 2 aussies .
tekken is one of the most difficult fighting games .
try to watch some streamers or tournaments to understand the fundamentals since ingame tutorial is barebones
pretty much what i assumed but in the moment i was super shocked haha thought it would come out the tip of his hammer .
if being responsible for an enormous number of deaths is n't problem enough for you i guess a more accurate analogy to this specific act is when during rainy days drivers go out of their way to splash pedestrians with the roadside puddles .
which happens very often causes plenty of property damage ckothing electronics papers etc .
often illness the driver is never even questioned about it and is done with clear malicious intent .
i 've no sympathy for the owner of this vehicle .
they can wash the paint off and learn not to park on the fucking sidewalk .
! human handshake to the asgardian shake into the snake that you can not trust .
i was 15 and her step mom came over to my house and showed me the messages between my gf at the time and some dude on skype .
as she was scrolling i saw a dick pic he had sent her .
okay but you become the monkey and have to re-max a second account but as monke
wrong why would he put russia at bad then ?
he actually ran away from india to malaysia because he had some charges on him
so the score is 14-9 beacuse you miss the two point conversion .
the other team scores a fg and then you score a td .
the game would have been tied with the extra point but now you need to go for 2 for the chance to tie it .
odds are there are going to be more scores in the 2nd half so it dosent make sense .
the only way it does make sense is if you 're getting well over 50 in your two point conversions and you 're going for it every time anyway .
people literally raging on 7000 gold which cost month to do
definitely would n't complain having them on my face at all .
would n't mind rubbing them with my hard bulge either while on top of you giving your sexy body some love with my lips and hands .
i feel like they 've jumped the shark with the whole paddington the bear thing .
all these mentions of marmalade sandwiches not so much .
if the windsors was still on i 'd like to see a scene of paddington wandering whimsically around buckingham palace and the windsor family sneaking after him trying to hunt him .
edit also i agree that i do n't see camilla as the queen either .
camilla is there because she 's attached to charles .
it does n't feel like there 's anything royal '' about camilla .
camilla has also never seemed that into her royal duties so referring to her by one of the top titles in the whole system just does n't seem to fit .
muddy water and the book for me at least for now .
traveling in madagascar in may for 2weeks is there anything a tourist should be aware of ?
or any recommendations on how i can prepare for this journey ?
a place for members of r/refreshing12020 to chat with each other
is it advisable/possible to do organic chemistry 344/345 and physics 208 at the same time ?
been trying to use it since yesterday but i 've been getting unable to load your destiny 2 characters and inventory '' .
have n't seen any other posts on this so i 'm wondering is this is an issue for anyone else .
trevor lawrence was obviously going to the jags but why go with zach at 2 ?
so they 're basing their whole franchise around not being able to pass in the pocket ?
what began as a personal mod because of a frustration of the knighthood technology not working with the cultural modifier warrior by merit '' is now beggining to grow as i encounter bugs and tries to fix them .
with my new version release i think it 's a good time to promote it here .
the goal is to fix issues without making design changes it 's sometimes difficult to decide if a missing part is by design or a real missing part..
the full changelog is available https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2871648329 ? p=1 https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2871648329 ? p=1 initial release fix is in the description of the mod
if you use other mods put this one at the top so it should not conflict with any other i do not use other mods so i do n't know what will happen .
as i understand the higher the mod is in your list the less it will be prioritized if a file is modified by both .
note i had to create new keys in loc files that are only in english french for the moment if you are in another loc contact me so i can tell you what keys to translate and will gladly add them into the mod .
ps as i 've seen this issue many time here your spouse will no longer tell there is a plot against you by your spouse
we have setup a freeipa server with ad trust mode and everything is working so far .
we are using the default trust view '' id view to map specific user attributes to ad users for ldap compat queries .
now we have an application that requires an mail ldap attribute but the default id view in freeipa does not support that .
is it possible to add custom attribues to id view specially the ad mail attribute to ldap compat queries ?
i have already tried this guide https www.freeipa.org/page/howto/vsphere5\_integration https www.freeipa.org/page/howto/vsphere5_integration
but no success the mail attribute is not mapped .
i 've been doing this for so long that honesty it feels like they are placebo .
wanted try something else to do more testing thoughts on kijimea ?
my bet is charity she has eluded to the fact she reached sage young and has never tried advancing to monarch because it means she would have to leave cradle .
after being useless in the fight with lindon and yerin on malice 's side her grandmother might pressure her to become monarch i could see the other monarchs allowing it until lindon is dealt with they need more fire power .
or charity advances to join and back up team lindon .
she was seriously considering leaving to be with her father last book anyway and agrees with london 's goal but just does n't want to go against her family and just needs a nudge which i think mercy will provide .
my wife is really into sewing and has made a lot of her own clothes for a number of years .
she also does a bit of quilting and for that matter knitting .
she has a good sewing machine pfaff and also a few years ago i got her an overlocker for her birthday present which she really enjoys using .
her birthday is coming up shortly and i was wondering if there was a sewing related thing that i could get her however i do not know what this might be .
she subscribes to a sewing magazine called burda style .
she has made quite a number of dresses tops and little shirts for our boys .
she also made a jumpsuit recently which was really good .
the budget this year would probably be about a hundred pounds dollars .
this is flexible either higher or lower what with christmas coming up .
i would be very grateful for any advice if something springs to mind !
how come mac does n't do one another live very often ?
it 's a great song but i 've only heard 2 live versions of it
my friends and i were thinking of rping as mean girls but do n't want to get harrased in public servers so is any kind enough to lend us their private server ?
but man was it easy just using a thermoblade and a stasis rifle .
any thoughts about me killing all the reapers in the dunes ?
hi i have n't figured out everything yet so i 've got a question
is it possible to mod the original dsi menu to behave similarly like the twilight menu ?
i 'll soon perform homebrew hacks on my dsi 's so i 'm asking in advance 'cause i want to know wether there is an option besides twilightmenu to keep the oem look as much as possible but whilst also keeping some of the functionalities of a hacked dsi .
i believe something like this ought to exist within the hacking community but i do n't know where to look .
i 've been seeing someone for about a month now and while i enjoy our dates the texting conversations especially are still very surface-level and i do n't really feel like things are progressing .
i 'm wondering if y'all have any tips on how to start more interesting/personal conversations with her ... i want to feel like i 'm actually getting to know the real her and vice versa but right now it feels like we 're both still only showing the more polished sides our ourselves if that makes sense .
why the hell are the updates for this game 40 goddamn gb ?
someone please explain in technical detail if you can .
i 'm in the middle of a game and all of the sudden i have to pipe the equivalent of the entirety of wikipedia to my ps4 .
my ps4 is elderly and grumpy it 's barely even able to run this game let alone efficiently download install any of these updates .
hey yall just got an audio technica at-lp60x turntable .
currently have the dual rca male heads going into a rca dual female to 1/4th male splitter into one of the 2 instrument ports not sure what you 'd call them .
i can get it to play in mono through both of my jbl monitors yet when i hit the direct monitor button on my scarlett 2i2 to stereo audio only plays through my right speaker .
from previous posts since there is a limit of 20 images .
i think 99 of the times mick west is right .
and he does a great job to this phenomena debunking .
since when this things are around our ? world ?
there were no reliable devices to measure anything out of the ordinary to know .
but there are paintings old books tales buildings structures that suggest that probably they were seeing the same as today .
bible quram zohar book of the dead rolls of the dead sea temple of jupiter pyramids tiwanaku ox culture history of adam and eve orion project cave paintings etc .
if these things are real and they have been around a lot of time
b they presented themselves to governments since the atomic bomb event .
c they presented themselves to humans as gods first but since the atomic bomb event they presented as equals .
d they presented themselves to humans as gods first and since the discovery of the atomic bomb they disguise themselves as some sort of humans greys
b c d from diverse lectures of greys holloman base autopsies that they do n't have internal organs they are clons they are biological entities with artificial intelligence draw of lam aleiester crawley etc .
in the past if we think they were disguised as gods appearing to humans those humans became authorities .
that 's why i do n't think b is correct .
i do n't think that 's the case if the government knows .
i think a is the correct answer wether they are in contact or not .
i believe they '' do n't want to show themselves .
could be that he does not know that he knows .
why we are talking of consciousness about the phenomena ?
several sources are saying that these phenomena is contagious .
that if you see probably someone else in your family will .
symbolize we are living in a world of colors .
under the rainbow where we are we are not absolut .
no one of us is 100 good or evil .
how many movies are out there with part black and white and part colored ?
the temperature is always the same the weather is always nice and no one has ever seen rain .
sex is an unknown word passion is obsolete and the most intimacy anyone sees is a touch to the hand .
jennifer is a sexually active with a less than positive view on the black and white and predictable lifestyle in which the townspeople are living .
it does n't take her long to start invoking her own style on pleasantville including language lifestyle and sex .
slowly parts of pleasantville change from black-and-white to color including flowers and the faces of people who experience new bursts of emotion and foreign concepts such as books fire and rain begin to appear .
after jennifer introduces new ideas to her peers many of her classmates go to the garden to read becoming colored '' in the process .
now as objects and people begin to change including their actions and emotions the reality of their lifestyle is about to be revealed .
pleasantville is starting to become a lot less pleasant as some of the older citizens take to the streets frightened of what they might become .
when we see the angels perspective black and white .
when the angel falls to earth and becomes human goes color .
the part when dorothy enters the oz land goes from black and white to color .
in here we see colors in heaven or hell is black or white .
tom baxter is a dashing young archaeologist in the film the purple rose of cairo . ''
after losing her job cecilia goes to see the film to raise her spirits .
after cecilia sits through the film several times tom noticing her breaks the fourth wall https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth_wall and emerges from the inner film 's black-and-white https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black-and-white world into the full-color real world on the other side of the cinema screen .
tom teaches cecilia about life which is a reality in its own right .
when tom and cecilia go to the church tom has simple answers for cecilia 's complex questions about god and the universe .
these naivete answers only thrust cecilia further into wanting to be happy with tom .
story of a fighter pilot david niven spared from death during the later days of world war ii and battling it out with heaven which did n't claim him at the due time thanks to a mixed up messenger .
this title is also the title of an album of iron maiden .
the album almost all is a chant to lucifer lux fero bearer of the light the bright one the morning star and several masonic concepts .
but lord of light '' is also the title from a book .
lord of light 1967 is a science fantasy novel by american author roger zelazny
lord of light is set on a planet colonized by some of the remnants of vanished urath '' or earth .
the crew and colonists from the spaceship star of india found themselves on a strange planet surrounded by hostile indigenous races and had to carve a place for themselves or perish .
to increase their chances of survival the crew has used chemical treatments biofeedback and electronics to mutate their minds and create enhanced self-images or aspects '' that strengthened their bodies and intensified their wills and extended the power of their desires into attributes which fell with a force like magic upon those against whom they were turned .
'' the crew has also developed a technology to transfer a person 's atman or soul electronically to a new body .
this reincarnation by mind transfer has created a race of potential immortals and allowed the former crew members to institute the hindu caste system with themselves at the top .
eventually the crew used their now-great powers to subjugate or destroy the native non-human races whom they characterize as demons while setting themselves up as gods in the eyes of the many generations of colonist progeny .
taking on the powers and names of hindu deities these gods '' maintain respect and control of the masses by maintaining a stranglehold on the access to reincarnation and by suppressing any technological advancements beyond a medieval level .
the gods fear that any enlightenment or advancement might lead to a technological renaissance that would eventually weaken their power .
the protagonist sam who has developed the ability to manipulate electromagnetic forces is a renegade crewman who has rejected godhood taking for himself the role of siddhartha gautama/buddha .
sam is the last accelerationist '' he believes that technology should be available to the masses and that reincarnation should not be controlled by the elite .
sam introduces buddhism as a culture jamming tool and strives to cripple the power of the gods with this new '' religion .
his carefully planned revolt against the gods takes place in stages an army great in space may offer opposition in a brief span of time .
one man brief in space must spread his opposition across a period of many years if he is to have a chance of succeeding . ''
delonge said this others '' could be using religions to force humans to fight and feed from that .
jesus and first copt texts talked about archons '' some sort of feeding spiritual entities .
console player here does anyone feel like their wiggle bar gets stuck or is clunky after the update ?
was this something the fixed i did n't remember seeing it in the patch notes .
i f18 was raised in an over the top christian household homophobia was something i was taught at a very young age .
until 7th grade i was very homophobic until i met my two best friends that were both gay and taught me it was not as horrible and horrendous as i was told .
still throughout this all i identified as was an ally because with my home life i can not possibly ever have a future as someone who is gay .
this year i met a girl in the grade above me .
she 's so sweet and smart and pretty and i want to be very close with her .
just these passed couple weeks i started to feel different around her she gives me butterflies in my stomach and makes me nervous .
i want to be close to her and hold her hand but at the same time i feel like i 'm throwing up .
i 've never felt like that to anyone ever before and i ca n't explain if i even know these feelings are real or just me being weird .
i do n't know what to do and i 'm so confused .
the last person in my family that would still have loved me if i liked a girl passed away a couple months ago and i do n't feel safe in my own home anymore .
i 'm so confused i never thought this would happen to me .
i enjoy meeting new people and to give some joi .
i do n't share much about myself so i 'll keep my info a mystery .
this means i wo n't share asl/mic/cam/pic but i do stream hot stuff i find online during our chat to give you some good things to watch .
you do n't have to show face but it would turn me on more and get me coming back for more .
i‘m looking for peeps to talk about games or maybe some online gaming .
actually i‘m all over assassin‘s creed and i started horizon forbidden west .
love to play some mario kart as well also with friends online if i had some 😹
i 've been waitlisted for a lecture and lab for the same class and have recently been offered a seat to the lab .
when i try to register it says prerequisite and test score error .
i think it 's because i am not registered for the lecture cause i 'm waitlisted .
sometimes it seems like individuals in this sub are intentionally rude or non-helpful for absolutely no reason .
for example if someone asks about a medication or something that they are currently experiencing surrounding a medication users are very quick to respond with you do n't need to ask reddit these questions you need to consult with your doctor well duh i 'm pretty sure they know that and already plan to do that but it 's nice to get an opinion or viewpoint from others who actually have asthma and experience .
not just speaking to the doctor which is a no brainer .
if you 've had asthma for any period of time you likely know how frustrating it is when doctors do n't listen to you do n't believe what you 're telling them etc .
having a community of people who have this condition with shared experiences is likely extremely helpful for a lot of people .
i just do n't understand why some people are so incredibly rude and diminishing in this sub .
it 's always on the sides of my cheeks and going down to my chin .
i use la roche posay foaming cleanser and moisturizer .
i do n't use anything else because if i do i break out .
from the post four channel signal processing utility module with distinct functionality and individual outputs per channel amplitude control attenuversion crossfading and panning . ''
considering the game seems to be labeled as having in-app purchases '' it has unused '' summoning clips for jeanne and gave her no alternative costume i think the now likely dlc will be heavily jeanne-centred .
perhaps a few extra chapters where she became viola 's teacher ?
the title really says it all but was curious to see if anyone else had this effect or could explain this .
i have n't really ever taken painkillers in my life as i have hated swallowing pills but ever since i took 3 paracetamol a few days ago i have tiny to no back pain .
my back pain has been on and off for a few years now and about 2 years ago i had a trapped nerve twice i think .
can anyone explain this is it some weird placebo effect or what ?
visit for astr the label black friday sale in 2022 https bit.ly/3ncqxey .
this link provides a regularly updated list of black friday 2022 coupons promo codes and discount deals .
a ps3 slim 130 gb without controler for 30 bucks ?
i already have one but i want for a friend as gift for his birthday
there 's plenty of space along the bottom left and there 's a bunch of feats and weapon traits that grant temporary or situational buffs that i can not keep track of at all .
showing them visually they already all have icons would be really helpful !
have a number for any stacks and a dial inside visually showing the remaining length of the buff .
one example of where this is sorely needed i have a trait on my plasma gun saying that it charges faster when at low heat and that this effect stacks up to 5 times .
if i 'm at low charge is it automatically at 5 stacks or does being at low heat slowly stack it up ?
we could have a really detailed tooltip but a simple little visual would answer this question easily .
engine jacked either way up or way down depending on what bolt you need to get to
rad bumper headlights intake ps pump and sometimes the cv on right side all have to go to get access to everything thing
it 's riddled with restrictions that really take all the fun out of the multiplayer experience .
im 100 positive you look healthier and more attractive from mewing and that whatever you thinks going on is probably just assholes bogging you down .
they 're like 6 maybe 7 and 2 iirc .
there are some minor issues that plague it specifically the driver flex .
nothing bad that 'll happen just a bit scary when you hear a crackling sound when you first put them on .
they said everything was fine and i 've learned to live with it .
yeah i got a bit of irish breakfast loose leaf from adagio teas about a year ago and i 've burned through it .
buying yorkshire until i find another loose leaf i want to try .
i was considering making a new order through yunnan sourcing but they deal almost exclusively with chinese and taiwanese teas .
i wonder how close something like this https yunnansourcing.com/products/old-arbor-black-tea-mu-shu-hong-cha-pure-yunnan-assamica ? pos=1 sid=a2c4f31bd ss=r would be .
your submission has been removed because it has been posted on the subreddit recently .
1 u/holyasss https www.reddit.com/user/holyasss 2022-11-21 19:58:52 1 day s before 100 https i.redd.it/8friwy000g1a1.jpg n/a 863x606 caramel blue https redd.it/z1fx6t
if you believe this was sent in error please message the subreddit moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fbras subject=my+post+has+been+wrongfully+removed message=my 20post 20has 20been 20wrongfully 20removed 20by 20your 20repost 20bot 20/u/duplicatedestroyer .
here 20is 20a 20link 20to 20my 20post https redd.it/z2beh6 .
do not delete your post or moderators wo n't be able to review it .
gen x too but i 've seen millennials do the same thing
they get record profits every other person gets burnt out and taken advantage of .
gary i do not know you but i would block your number if i had it .
i do n't think gravity and the laws of motion can make me go 5 miles over the speed limit in the flattest country in the world
enjoyed their mai tai when i was there a couple of years ago .
a house i used to heard my uncles talking about the houses they bought and i still ca n't buy my own
that was supposed to be dry humor about how you are constantly hearing they are n't climbers and yet most of them tend to wander about any direction including upwards .
my happy ending came when i left that relationship .
she did n't leave she wanted to believe she was bisexual and cool with all this but she was not .
she was firmly entrenched in the queer community and being referred to that way felt misgendery and gross to me as i am a straight man so that did n't really work .
she pouted about the things that should have been celebrated .
i decided i deserved better i did n't take the leap of transitioning to just keep everything the same as it was before and suffer in an unsatisfactory relationship .
nor could i respect a person who needed me to hold their hand and tiptoe around to get them to understand or be ok with my simple identity .
i was lucky enough to quickly meet someone who is the best but i was prepared to be alone too .
she was thrilled about me and my body and made me feel like the sexiest man alive .
we are getting close to our 10 year wedding anniversary .
no one open so he fires a quick one to the running back behind the line of scrimmage but the linebacker saw it all the way !
https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainpassnegative message=no 20one 20open 20so 20he 20fires 20a 20quick 20one 20to 20the 20running 20back 20behind 20the 20line 20of 20scrimmage 2cbut 20the 20linebacker 20saw 20it 20all 20the 20way 21 20loss 20of 20 7byards 7d 21
it 's 3rd and 18 on the tulane 41 .
i could but he has been quite terrible to both me and my mom .
i do n't feel like it would be fair for either of us if we were the ones who had to reach out to him after how mean he has been .
literally just watched a star wars video about this on youtube an hour ago lmao
jedi agreed to stop doing this because it made them appear to be too aggressive
sith agreed to stop doing this because it made them appear to be pansies
a lot of people never bother to read profiles .
my wife and i clearly state in ours that we are and that we only play together .
which is something we also say we will not do in our profile .
but on the upside as annoying as that is it helps us know who to not waste our time with .
passengers and tourists not being keen on experiencing g-force lol very reasonable .
more cinematic landings interesting i tried playing around with both methods and did n't see much of a difference but i did n't play around with it probably as long as i should have i will do so .
thank you so much for all your thoughts on the matter .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a recognized geographic location .
you have a 3 hour grace period to re-submit your post with the correct format .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bostonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
ordered a tv stand from wayfair and it was like a portuguese ikea equivalent .
it bowed from the weight of the tv so we bought another one locally that was sturdier .
possibly relevant info from event viewer happened near when a crash occured
and out of 50,000 views your the only one to say that
just curious bc i always hear people say it but never heard it from those two
i think the answer is yes but i 'm not sure exactly what it is exactly .
this sub is for approved and verified original content oc only .
any user who is not approved and verified with the mod team will have their post removed by the bot
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/younggirlsgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean that 's not too weird pretty sure i was also 6 when i started watching youtube
lol you really do n't i 'm just messing .
try not to worry about your eyes you 're a handsome lad .
my local shop does the same thing and sells out 500 rnds for more than a case online
i do n't know much about fusion360 but it 's supposed to be a fairly capable cad and cam program combined .
deskproto just does cam but it has a function that runs the code on a roland mill .
you should n't have to change any hardware to run either program .
do you have a i love matt canada bumper sticker ?
why does it have to take more of this deliberate death and bloodshed to make civil authorities even try to consider something like this ?
i 'm relieved they are doing this and giving people the dignity they deserved in life to be recognized for who they are .
it 's the right thing to do and yet feels almost backhanded in that it took yet another targeted assassination of queen people to get here .
i think i always avoided these because of the pink .
we just purchased this new build in october of 2022 .
it 's popping up everywhere more in the kitchen area and front door but it is throughout the first floor .
the second floor has some like this but not as much .
2200 sqft of laminate the rest is carpet tile .
i too thought that all 4 of the precious metals were of different size .
oh man that 's a lot of picking and shedding to do lmao
it hit me when i got my first job and had to work on my birthday .
sherry mentioned she was n't sure if she was going to go through with her pregnancy .
actually thought it was the part of glenroy at the back of the cemetary north of hilton street .
he was also a politician in rome near the years 200 b.c .
my grandmother was in the grocers union in the pnw .
their pension was invested in some shady ass mobster private equity group and they lost everything .
unions can be a force of good but they are not all good .
yeah i just pop the head off and run water through it it only takes a sec .
in your opinion who do you think is the best matchup for him ?
what is this swiss style go/no-go blind id database systems '' ?
i give your bio a 1/10 but you 're a good looking guy so so doubt it 's hurting you too much
do you mean that the women you 've seen in those countries are generally more attractive than average above 5.5 ?
how can i increase my rating other than the hair and accessories ?
please review the guide to success https reddit.com/r/flatchested/comments/tx5a7o/guide_to_success_in_rflatchested to gain a better perspective on whether your post will be allowed in this community or not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/flatchested if you have any questions or concerns .
waylon the self destructive mc is primarily a bottom but they switch once and have a conversation about it after where they 're both down to switch occasionally but agree that they both prefer will tops 90 of the time and they do n't switch again within the duet or the novella that follows up the duet
otherwise its right on the nail for self destructive lashing out and deeply rooted trauma and denial about his sexuality until he 's really able to start working through a lot of it
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
the girl that did my brows is really nice and i like her alot .
none of the strokes came back and my right eyebrow is darker .
i appreciate your help and i 'll use your advice !
i 'm starting to get wiser depends on the situation .
if you want to get to work on time you can .
i struggle with the motivation to do that sometimes but it 's still a choice one makes .
this is obviously excluding the normal things that come up in day-to-day life for which there is no accounting .
a month ago october i checked for the next available appointment for my primary was .
they ca n't see me because they over book because of .
switching doctors asap as i could only see nurse practitioners no offense .
nice person but tried to tell me to not take certain medications due to what she was trying to give me .
she never read or knew about my current medications .
retail is basically a different game every expansion so we 're several games away from wotlk .
right now a really easy way to grab some catch up gear is to do the primal elements events .
you 'll get a quest that 'll lead you to them as soon as you log in that 'll send you to stormwind orgrimmar then tell you to go to these events .
there 's always 3 up 2 on kalimdor and 1 in eastern kingdoms .
that 'll get you 252 gear which while it is n't the best will be plenty for leveling and make it a bit smoother .
but its definitely not something you need to stress over .
im sure there is no moment in every episode that she felt or portrayed something like that .
he 's gassed out and got hammered with a heavy right .
americans will tell you that eu laws against netflix with streaming laws against tech giants like facebook and google are designed as protectionism laws to allow eu companies to breath but are labelled to appease the masses .
there are no protectionism laws they are sanity laws .
what the us is doing to fight inflation within its own borders by giving its own companies tax breaks is upright against international norms .
do i pass as a proper r/europe redditor now ?
that 's an awful lot of racism you 're suggesting there
that 's my point if what you were saying is true he 'd have phoned something like a little black woman on the street in a hoodie kicked my dog and was waving a gun around and he 'd have called 911 not the tip line .
the world ai n't out to get you kid this twatwaffle ai n't thinking anything through he just had a get off my lawn '' karen moment most likely
if what you 're saying is true he 'd have done a lot more and it would have been easy to get goat that kind of response .
honestly i would play a cod that 's cold war or earlier those are much easier to understand and blacks ops 4 and 2 are still active and popular .
most cod players are a fan of fake-outs and flanks my main tip would be to attack from the most unexpected angles .
loadouts are essentialy pointless in my opinion if ur playing warzone like i said anything cold war or earlier gets you used to the general idea of how everything works .
campaign is n't really relevant aside from just gunplay and a storyline .
this y we as a community need to start supporting uzi his label clearly dont fw em😂
victoria believes the best defence for her actions is a strong offense of accusations to turn the tables .
something is n't right with that woman despite her being a great physical beauty .
both my daughter and nephew have this it 's nevus simplex aka stork bite '' .
i do n't know about showers but maybe i can help you you 're your shoes ?
i thought maybe it could be my lymph nodes becoming inflamed .
please read how our subreddit works before sending modmail to ask why .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fantasyfootball if you have any questions or concerns .
bend you over that table and show you who 's boss
renowned dessert person and former bon appétit senior food editor claire saffitz https www.dessertperson.com .
for a thanksgiving desserts hotline starts 1pm pst on mon 21st november .
the star of hit the kitch and also bon appétit fame molly baz https mollybaz.com for another thanksgiving hotline starts 8am pst on tue 22nd november .
hit the follow and bell icon in each post to get a notification once the post goes live .
please note that questions are being pre-collected for molly 's talk please use this link to submit your questions https forms.gle/pzdtwehf2tjiajac6
we also welcome back our brilliant talk hosts pod appétit gourmet takes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/food if you have any questions or concerns .
free fast pass was great if you were more ambulatory than others .
maxpass only did n't break the parks because it was relatively much more expensive so people did n't get it .
what you 're really saying is you want g to be 40 a day .
the proton experimental install fixes the launcher to work .
man it 'll never cease to amaze me how ben gets guests to come on to his barely 6k views a show podcast 😒
i 'd feel like the biggest fucking loser if i was like a giant 6 million sub channel so i go on dudes podcast and it barely cracks 4 thousand views .
i swear its literally the embodiment of r/awwwtf because that 's exactly how my thought process went .
this dude tries to bang your girl and you 're mad at this because ... .it would mean he cheated on his girlfriend ?
offering help to albertans during an extreme inflationary situation you would think would be welcomed .
i get that this is n't going to stop canada wide inflation and it is not meant to do that .
what would an alternative be if the decision was yours ?
the market has cooled down a little bit where i live .
i waived the home inspection with my first offer and regretted it as soon as the papers were signed .
it gives you an out if the report comes back and the costs to repair damages are more than what you 're willing to pay for the house .
the current house i 'm under contract for the inspector discovered a potential card on monoxide leak in the furnace .
we would have never known had we skipped the inspection .
just glad i got the dva one during the event ... it 's one of my favorite ones on her but not worth 19 .
there is absolutely no reason that you should ever have to talk to her again much less give her any
as a 20 y/o myself can not imagine what 's going through her brain ...
i wont even consider marriage until 7 years of being together you never know what you 're getting out of your partner and at your brothers age youd think he 'd know that too ... especially with how young she is and how quickly things escalated .
it 's definitely going to be awkward but i agree with the others in saying let it be !
looks like the screen itself may be durable with whatever gorilla glass it came with but the bezel and round corner will shatter if you tap it against anything .
i did n't even take the watch out of the box until my amazon full bezel covering case arrived .
maybe they just need to ask around the police canteen should n't take long !
she just gave lenny some material to whack it to tonight
malenia came away from that fight vastly better off than radhan did there 's literally no comparison .
she was asleep but otherwise herself he was a shambling corpse eating his own soldiers .
both won both lost i think it 's okay to let that just be epic .
it astonishes me how i still see people trying to unironically vote out the three random stages .
do you seriously believe that if we had the option to vote for of any of them that not even one would have taken out by now ?
does ledger have a supported official android app or are they scams ?
yes but i wanted to reference that one line in john wick
he 's the man you send to kill the bogey man ?
you can call them figure out where it 's located in idaho then a 30 second google search will show you the route .
i literally said just call them and you said no shit '' like i was the dumb one lmao
my mom said she and my dad had different parenting styles and did n't want to complicate the situation by introducing more kids .
that 's kind of honest though ... especially for a young person .
i guess it does depend like you said when your kiddo asks .
i did n't care — i was always relieved to have independence at home .
i plan to tell my son we like money .
i think honesty is good see who raised me above .
it depends on where and what route it was on but yeah .
it was n't that uncommon in the 1800 's for a ship to simply fail to arrive on schedule and then eventually be declared lost with all hands .
prior to the suez canal cape horn was particularly notorious for that kind of thing .
a good example included on the list of missing ships someone posted but worth highlighting is the hms atalanta https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hms_juno 1844 a royal navy training vessel that simply vanished in 1880 .
and while 1899 does seem relatively late in the game for a total loss without any evidence take a look at the number of shipwrecks wikipedia lists as happening that year .
my family dreaded every holiday meal with me until i finally refused to observe religious and/or state holidays and stopped going to family gatherings .
i mean eventually you get tired of explaining to your conservative relations why their beliefs are both factually wrong and inhumane to boot .
this is an automatic message that gets posted on every post to remind you of a few of our rules
• is the title of this post asking about the authenticity or value of an item ?
if so please delete it and ask in the megathread or post on r/gameverifying or r/gamevaluing .
did you post it to a 'for sale ' r/gamesale type subreddit first and crossposted it here ?
if you did not delete it and read our rules please .
• is this just a screenshot of a cl/fb/etc ad that is overpriced or obvious troll or for some other reason notable for some reason ?
these would all be considered low effort and should be removed .
• memes can not be posted unless if it 's on meme monday which is the first monday of the month .
• no self-promotion/video submission of any kind unless if already approved by mods prior to submitting .
failure of deleting your post that violates these rules may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamecollecting if you have any questions or concerns .
or do you just go very long spurts between pick ups ?
extended is a common term for a 3 door which is about half the back seat size of a 4 door sometimes openable sometimes not .
safe space in the womb becomes not so safe space .
that 's like eating pencils because you want to eat better and you just never know — pencils might be healthy for us .
go to google and search pencils are actually healthy and america is lying to you .
well he was n't actually planning on doing it .
seems like it was just a ruse to get the true mother to speak out .
but i still think my point stands we do n't really need a qb to immediately go in and be a top 5 guy .
we have so many talented rookies to build off of and they need time to get better too .
i mean we were supposed to be in a rebuild year nobody expected us to have any sort of success anytime soon .
i say get a qb high next year and let him build something behind geno a talented journeyman who 's seen a lot of different sides of the league and can show a young guy the ropes .
editing to address your edit i do n't think bringing up rick mirer has anything to do with us drafting this year .
draft busts happen every single year it does n't make the qb position any less important .
i got my letter that says i do qualify for loan forgiveness so i 'm grateful for that .
it 's a mate in 4 for the black if white starts of by taking the rooks .
funny enough this is my veronaville 😂i was going to try for a romance between dora and consort .
idk i 'm an m i bought an m and it fit me
they transferred me at time of consolidation which i did in april
they are bottom of the division because of a slow start .
they 've gained points in 5 of their last 6 games and 7 of the last 10 and have alot of players to come back from injury
anything beyond that you are paying for the roll mark .
if you want something from a gucci brand get an lmt defender .
i just began the game and i have some questions about units i got only 4 units with all the summoning i did .
also are 4 purple units better than classic 4 ?
is there some specific units i should focus early on ?
when i came out as nonbinary i changed my pronouns from she/her to any pronouns she/they/he if we 're getting specific .
after a while of only 2 people in a comment section using he/him pronouns a small handful of queer acquaintances using they/them pronouns and literally everyone else using she/her i realized i did n't like being referred to with she/her at all .
removed those pronouns from my list and it was the right decision to make .
it seems like you 're in a similar situation .
try out they/them pronouns and see how it feels when people refer to you that way .
if you can afford to have a stack of cash laying around you can afford to have it shredded
the garment and headgear i 've mentioned is more of a qatar thing .
i 'll delete the posts as they do n't make sense .
he died for the wrong reason doing the wrong thing .
i think it should n't be this way but hurting is one thing humans are good at .
maybe i 'll see totodile and chikorita in newer gens in my 40s .
i would n't ask but it 'd be useful information if the house might be going to short sale maybe .
water based acrylics — liquitex matte coat available at art stores .
i can not seem to get any of the water based clear flat coats to work period .
alcohol based acrylics — tamiya or mr color both well .
future floor wax — in all it 's various names .
yeah it 's a floor wax but it works exceptionally as a gloss .
just add tamiya flat base until it comes out flat enough for you .
i did that once and it was quite nice but i do n't remember the ratio no where near 1:1 more like 5:1 future flat base but that may have been the satin sheen .
i think you only get banned if someone reports your team name .
you 'll lose your team though so if you just started no big deal .
like seriously just being a nice person gets you attention unlike you would think
i meant they just see them as someone to kill .
it would be for the better of the gameplay experience if there was n't systems that required a 3-6 month investment ongoing permanently for you to keep your character power no matter how you look at it .
we are not going to say anything we are going to look at the facts .
how many of them do you know who died ?
the people i know who died associated with covid were very very ill people .
covid was deadly for very old and very sick a bad flu for many and the sniffles for the majority
if it 's telework eligible and not remote then you probs have to go in to the office 1-3 days out of the week .
the scope for design or whatever you mean by that is not infinite .
aimassist is the next best thing we got and it 's flawed as fuuuck .
remove rotational aim assist and suddenly the algs is mnk only again .
it 's like letting runners compete against people in tuned wheelchairs in the 100m sprint .
you might find a setting that lets actual athletes and wheelchair users win the same percentage of races but they are not competing on equal terms .
and the point about different sensitivities makes no sense to me .
i do n't know of a single pro player or content creator in apex or csgo or any other fps game who switches dpi mid-game for whatever reason .
some people switch sens between games but i would argue that hurts their consistency overall .
hey for real my vehicle got totaled in may five minutes after i left for work .
a truck pulling a car-hauler lost control blew across an intersection and plowed through three rows of cars at a red light .
i was just sitting in a turn lane waiting for the light to change i suddenly see a maroon truck plowing towards me nothing to do but brace .
truck smashed against the passenger side of the hood and shoved me back the corner of the trailer caught the front of my vehicle and jerked it a few feet over .
it was a 2019 ford escape my wife 's car .
if i had been in my car that day instead i would have been a couple of feet forward and would have caught the truck directly .
weird thing though i work a couple of towns over but i used to work at a store right on that corner where it happened .
our franchise owner just happened to be at that store at the moment and walked over to check out the mass of wrecked cars .
i get out right after it happened shaking and processing it and look up and there 's my boss 's boss 's boss .
so at least i had a solid alibi when i missed work .
your submission u.s. authorizes transactions for russian oil supplies to japan several eu countries was automatically removed because english.nv.ua is not on our approved domains list https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist .
r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source .
be notable as defined by our domain notability guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist .
notable domains will consist of news organizations research organizations political advocacy groups governmental agencies bodies and political parties .
contain articles videos or sound-clips relevant to current us politics
contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source .
be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey .
if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved domains list please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us .
however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account .
if you submit a spam domain via the form your account may be reported to the site administrators .
to submit a domain for approval use this form https goo.gl/forms/lrqika1ri0bvbkcl1 and follow the instructions provided
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
nu wordt de werkgever beloond wanneer ze mensen weinig betalen in een tijd van stijgende kosten .
enjoy the community and please follow our rules especially rule 2
promoting any social media in the title or comments is forbidden .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/premiumcheeks if you have any questions or concerns .
umbreon gang is out in force today 🌙🌙🌙 great choice !
do n't move i will visiting your two holes in that position 😉
i 'm talking about average relationships just where there is a somewhat large age gap between the two involved .
only a handful of states recognize common law marriages .
the fact that actually taking down a walker is so rare tells me galactic assault really needed some rebalancing .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchatsextfriends if you have any questions or concerns .
u pravilu igramo katastrofalno protiv momčadi koje podcjenjujemo što je i ovdje bio slučaj .
a i otvaranje prvenstava nam je inače loša strana .
sad im gori pod prstima i moraju se trgnuti jer nema više zajebancije !
you can tell angela is the dirtier one here .
idk what is the women 's equivalent of getting sent to the night 's watch ... getting sent to the silent sisters ?
for your security do not post personal information to a public forum including your coinbase account email .
if you 're experiencing an issue with your coinbase account please contact us https help.coinbase.com/en/contact-us.html directly .
if you have a case number for your support request please respond to this message with that case number .
you should only trust verified coinbase staff https help.coinbase.com/en/coinbase/other-topics/other/is-coinbase-present-on-social-media.html .
please report any individual impersonating coinbase staff to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coinbase if you have any questions or concerns .
ben is the litmus test for how much incel energy can be packed into the body of an elf .
my name is a bit mouthful but last name is simpler so i go by my last name .
then go to a properly accredited sports physiotherapist with a good track record ?
if 90 is a scam go to the 10 that actually knows their shit .
it 's what makes him an actual complex '' character in our eyes rather than just a one-sided comedic relief '' of the show by making us see the different sides of him and have us somewhat feel for him or at least be somewhat conflicted about him as he goes into a downwards spiral regardless of what he has done .
that being said as my fellow redditor said the aforementioned downwards spiral definitely continues and gets even worse in most cases so if as you said this negatively affects you to such a significant extent then perhaps it would indeed be for the best that you do not continue watching the show .
the gary numan trilogy replicas the pleasure principle telekon .
anyone who was n't the person about to be arrested would n't be put in a transfer cop car in the back as long as he was .
the guys so fn paranoid to it 's almost sad .
the last time he will see any girls who are n't working for the d.o.c .
a last ride of freedom must suck thinking about it 20 years later in your 8x10
if they displayed the bare feet they would probably sell better .
and it can only be this transaction because it was the first on this account .
you can spend it since it carries over but originate prime op is recommended for buying packs and skins if you 're into that .
the packs are available whenever you reach a certain level it gives resources plus the equivalent orundum of your op .
the 5 stars are pretty decent and the 6 stars are both meta strong .
please refer to our faq https www.reddit.com/r/applyingtocollege/wiki/faq for the answer to your question .
you do not need to respond unless you have further questions regarding your post .
if that 's the case you can send us a message http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/applyingtocollege subject=post 20removal message=a 20mod 20removed 20my 20latest 20post 20because 20it 27s 20answered 20in 20the 20faq 20but 20i 20don 27t 20think 20it 20breaks 20the 20rules. 20can 20you 20review 20it 20again 3f .
i 'm guessing they all have that painful memory about getting kicked on the balls
if earth got destroyed and humanity fall then i can go to other galaxies .
ofc it 'll take a lot of time cuz i 'm gon na float until i reach em .
there should be some kind of alive creatures there .
and by going through black holes we can go to different dimensions it 's pretty easy .
sorry to barge in yalls chat but i am desperate i take tianeptine and i do have subutex are any of yall familiar with tianeptine i want to quit but last time i made it to day 6 six with nothing it was hell so i went back ?
if i take the subutex just has i notice withdrawal will i be addicted to that i herd burp .
which is in subutex is strong i 'm just ready to be but i 'm in dental school and do n't have time to be sick
if this is n't definitive evidence that we live in a day and age i do n't know what is !
it is legal for the company to be closed and for you to not be paid for that time .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=putecatholique .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
🤔 yeah i 've never heard the term sterile applied to a culture😂
i 'm seeing a general surgeon in an hour and now i want to ask her what that could mean !
i get what you 're trying to say but honestly it does n't matter where we 're 6 games under .500
lakers should be giving 100 if we even want to see a play in
i have down in hobbies enjoys pretending not to be three hampsters in a trenchcoat ''
that 's so weird to see a rabbit doing the yoga pose my two little dogs do every day .
i ca n't believe they sold rabbits for food at whole foods .
i knew people ate rabbit meat i had no idea whole foods was treating them as livestock .
the sultan of perak who is currently the deputy agong under two agongs so far
and i am so confused that nuguri did not stay wtf .
i love how logitecdh just ignored your post after this.. good thing i found this was just about to buy the 5.1 system but when the 2.1 has that many cheap cuts then fuck there 5.1 systems holy hell ...
not me but my grandfather was a wwii vet who 's buddy was killed by a landmine and in that same explosion he lost half his leg and wore a wooden leg for the rest of his life .
he was also missing his ring finger on his left hand .
he jumped off of a train and his wedding band got caught on a hook and ripped his finger off .
that was the worst pain of his life not the landmine .
i would not be smitten by that if i was her lol
if you 're going to say something is stupid why do you go on in your comment to say stupid stuff that shows you to be stupid ?
huh you ca n't ask someone to play with you ?
random question is there a way to edit and increase the speed of the plume that comes out srbs ?
srb plumes are just so slow in this game compared to how fast the rocket moves
that doesnt stop anyone from obtaining that consent now does it .
we can obtain consent for everything else to be show on television and the media but not abortions apparently .
i would n't want to stick my dick in crazy
i proposed to my wife as she was crying on the bed hiding from the world family/life issues .
she made us wait a year to get married in case something changed or we found out we did n't work or whatever .
if we can be there for each other at our worst the best is easy .
different intensities of this look at the top of this article is his only expression
he 's already not letting alex jones back ... and jimmy dore is enraged about it lmao
love and loss go hand and hand with eachother imop so with the loss of a companion its welcoming love for something else .
that looks like it would be fun rubbing my hands all over you while you are all oiled up very sensual
we 're already so low on wings and he 's been good except for tonight
i have n't watched the game back again either but this analysis exactly matches my thoughts when i was watching the game .
honestly i agree acosta did n't have the best ball movement .
i think bringing him in makes more sense if he was going to be taking all the corner kicks that we were winning .
i 'd do so within the nib up and honestly the cap on at least its contained in case of a mess .
if you 're comfortable with pulling the nib out you can pour out whatever ink is in front of the piston and maybe syringe it back in after plunging it back in .
if you need a syringe you can always ask for a pediatric dosing syringe at any pharmacy .
you can probably score one for free if you just ask .
and sure a blunt needle helps but you could make it work with that .
they have found me i can not defeat them everyone remember that they will not inherit the kingdom of god ! !
it sounds like people 's beliefs are not the source of the issue here their actions are .
there are many christians that do not act immorally because of their beliefs so what is the issue with them believing it ?
did n't realize hahaha would be voted out so soon thought it was more beloved than that
uh he was personally bleeding money with spacex to the point where after their first 2 launches they believed they only had enough money for one more launch which proceeded to also fail .
they were just barely able to scrape by and launch a 4th time which succeeded .
that success led them to nasa awarding them a billion dollar contract that ultimately saved them .
musk is in a far better place financially including with twitter now than he was back then .
yes twitter is losing money from interest payments and currently the advertisers have pulled back .
who really thinks those advertisers are going to stay gone ?
he already sold tesla stock to be able to fund twitters current operations .
notice how he is no longer desperately trying to get advertisers back like he was a couple weeks ago ?
probably because the stock he sold is ensuring twitter has time .
and guess what if it takes longer than he planned ?
he can just sell more stock of tesla or spacex .
you see the layoffs as some morally evil thing yet it was necessary .
he is the owner so anything your saying about him doing if he was n't the owner is completely irrelevant .
the staff he is laying off are people that either do n't want to be there are in departments he does n't value are people that he believes are n't high performers or were leaders/managers that he believes has lead twitter down a dumb path with little to no new features being shipped to customers .
idk man with the exception of the fact that his communication to employees was horrible the actual actions have n't been surprising or crazy imo .
sure it 's easier to start a company from scratch .
but starting a twitter competitor when twitter already has all the users brands is not easy to steal .
why do you think musk wo n't be able to hire young talent at twitter ?
tesla and spacex both have this exact same reputation about wanting hardcore engineers '' and having bad work-life balance and demanding a lot and putting a lot of responsibility on employees .
and it has worked extremely well and both consistently rank in the top 5 usually both top 2 most sought after jobs by college grads .
basically you literally just do n't like how he behaves on twitter .
and it has all worked for him over and over again and is what made tesla and spacex so successful .
i mean what is more likely musk somehow in the last 4 months significantly changed went crazy had a breakdown whatever ... or that he 's just been public tweeting more pro republican anti-woke shit so people are freaking out more than they should be ...
put the krab in a pancake with shredded cabbage and serve with a fried egg on top .
okonomiyaki sauce it 's a type of bbq/teriyaki and mayo on top and seaweed if you want to get fancy .
exactly it took me mere days and i was saying you are a terrible human ! then it got so much worse .
right like this is the most wtf thing that a big mac is 8 dollars ?
the highest priced one in ma is like 7.09 average is more like 5.17 .
i had two total puffs under the age of 25 to be sociable on two different occasions .
held off trying it out more heavily until i was in my thirties and finally got high for the first time .
i also never had sex without a condom and never felt pressured to smoke just because my friends or partner did .
i did a couple of really dangerous fucked up things that in hindsight i 'm really ashamed of and i want to blame on ‘teenage brain ' but knowing about cannabis risks for under twenty-fives cannabis was n't something i did .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nerdy_mcgeekington
your submission to r/selfimprovement was automatically removed for including a photo link or video in violation of rule 2 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfimprovement if you have any questions or concerns .
did you know from the first time you met him ? ?
i 'm two months into mine 🥹 you are stunning btw 😍
seems you will go extinct way before that happens .
your population is halved within the next century with those low birth rates .
and i suspect common and natural survival instinct will kick in for many of you before you do go extinct and will revert to islam in masse start rejecting this failed woke programming as it serves no benefit to society .
i am not worried at all for us even as you try your hardest to force that garbage in our society .
i did n't know much about qatar before the world cup .
now i believe the country is a hell hole of censorship abuse and discrimination .
they will literally execute you for not being straight ? ? ?
how does the world let them get away with this ? ?
there is a zero tolerance rule for salacious activity which also extends to recent account interactions both comment/post history please use a sfw alt account .
report rulebreakers https www.reddit.com/r/chat/wiki/index/report_rulebreaker if you receive any inappropriate chats/pms .
please be cautious of new accounts with little or no user history there is a chance they could be catfishers scammers or sexual predators .
128172 we encourage everyone to comment first before sending a chat/pm to op !
accounts must be 3 days old with positive karma to comment/post here .
x1f449 ilovelean1984 https www.reddit.com/user/ilovelean1984 you can ask users to leave a comment on your post to verify the person is sfw and not a banned user https www.reddit.com/r/chat/comments/mkpvd3/strong_friendly_reminder_please_avoid .
alternatively you can also comment check theirusernamehere '' e.g. check nonsfw-activitybot to manually trigger an account ban/sfw check .
this is not always guaranteed always be careful in chats.
to stop accepting chats ops may comment the word closed '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chat if you have any questions or concerns .
m-am trezit de la putoare de ars de obicei nu mă trezesc de la așa ceva am verificat calitatea aerului și am observat că e proastă în comparație cu china și am postat .
knowing fairburn ga i would n't be surprised in the slightest if they were real .
when the snow hits where i live you will get the picture proof .
not really related but they sent me rr fenders instead so of missions fenders and told me just to keep them .
if anyone wants them for free let me know especially if you are in the seattle area so there 's no shipping costs .
it was definitely overhyped but i still enjoyed it and would play a sequel .
it was very cute and full of charm plus it was a nice change of pace from playing against monster fuelled sweatlords in modern warfare .
in any fs favourite shop you can get suit or blazers within 3.5k 5k .
not sure if it 's legal or not but if you want to know for sure you should file a complaint with wa state labor industries .
they 'll either tell you there 's nothing the can do aka legal or start an investigation aka potentially not legal .
in the tng tech manual it explains the reclaimator breaks items down into usable matter for the replicator to tap into .
wear a hole in your sock-reclaimator recycles it so your new sock is zero waste .
tbh i 'm having a feeling those are going to be my worst minis yet !
i did it on my 120 year old home in nh about ten years ago .
no water/mold issues or bulging lathe but i 've only had one area of a single exterior wall open since then for another reason .
i removed several rows had them drill/blow/plug then replaced the claps you do n't have that option with the asbestos panels .
there 's plenty of spiders with violin '' patterns .
i was thinking about slimming them down with a lathe actually .
i think i 'll get 44 hours today currently on 53 and i charged it to 100 at 10 am yesterday
hey everyone i recently adopted an 8 years old maltese mix .
i was wondering is there anything i should know ?
been 3 weeks now and he 's been chill lately .
to be gaslighting i 'd have to be trying to convince you of things that are n't real .
some time ago i bought a used sony 5.2 str k-685 av receiver with all its speakers at a bargain price .
my economy is not the best and without thinking i acquired it .
it 's my first av receiver and for what i paid i ca n't complain about its sound .
however as i did some research online and became more educated about this multi-channel world i realized that it was quite common for av receivers to have the option to change the size of the speakers and their crossovers with the subwoofer .
in case of changing the speakers physically for larger ones i could not take full advantage of them .
i presume that all this is for being a very cheap model right ?
could it be that the str-kxx do not have those options unlike for example the str-dexx ?
any sony model that is the same as this but with the option i 'm talking about ?
a place for members of r/cntraditionals to chat with each other
for context i bring this all up because there was apparently this whole war about this person joining a blk group and spamming and saying jokes about blm and stuff of that nature .
it 's just tiring at this point my friend sent me screenshots of it i 'll try and censor the users .
almost all es users i have encountered on here let it be on this forum or on es itself
literally are the most draining/whiney people i 've ever met ☠️ someone 's always complaining about something that does n't affect them at all .
and when you call them out for it they get extremely triggered .
or when they spread misinformation and you call it out they get upset .
but honestly i 'm not surprised but i am surprised that you can encounter the most difficult people from/on a dress up game ☠️
it 's kinda sad that a lot of people ca n't just keep stuff to themselves and have a good time talking about outfits
this is the 273750th time i made this shitty comment .
of all the boss fights that pissed me off in this game i have had the most fun with them all ... except that stupid water blob with a lazer akin to the death star in the first phase and a body slam akin to a steamroller truck along with a follow-up attack that can also one shot you in the second .
meanwhile the water death pit around the arena makes the fight extra tedious when you 're focused on avoiding such attacks especially in second phase .
yeah i did the three torches and tried fire items although the fire mask item especially felt suicidal with all the times the lazer got me with that unless i 'm a total idiot noob and could have moved with it .
took about four hours ultimately settling on using the bonfires to buff my spear with fire and saved my living weapon for the last moment and rant aside i 'm glad i beaten him but it was more exhausting than fun .
tmu is my top university to apply to for the acting program .
could any acting students give some audition tips to enhance my chances of getting accepted ?
does the program look for raw talent voice or techniques ?
aegis pod 2 the smallest and toughest tri-proof pod new https www.geekvape.com/aegis/geekvape-ap2.html vape adjustable airflow by inserting in different directions multi-use button and leakproof cartridge .
you have 4 days 3 hours and 36 seconds left .
before i used to take night walks because at least i was n't at home and i found solitude not seeing anyone on the street it was quiet but as time went by i did them late at night around 11 pm then i did them drunk drugged or better yet both .
i usually have these insistent thoughts that tell me that in the dark i 'll be safe and i feel like i belong there making me go to abandoned places to take refuge and cry like i did when i was a child .
even a public toilet at 11pm is a cozy place to hide from the world at the risk of finding myself a drug addict or an unfriendly homeless person that decadence alone is familiar to me and i hate it .
ok just want to know if any of the optometrists here have noticed patients in their 30 or 35 with problems of presby after being diagnosed with covid .
i had like 5 or 6 patients with the problem in their 30 's and all of them have been diagnosed with covid in this year .
any one of you have noticed this with your patients ?
all of them told me they have problems reading small texts after being sick .
i have made some ideas for masks/perks for characters that do n't have any plus biker even though he 's not technically in 2 .
gives a hammer at the start of the level .
doors can be punched down to instantly kill the enemy on the other side executions are faster give more points with a longer combo window and have much more brutal animations .
pardo will now survive two bullets like the earl mask from hlm1 .
start with a magnum that can be reloaded twice .
fists instantly knock out enemies and ground executions '' are faster but no unloading guns or picking up melee weapons .
behaves like journalist but guns are unloaded faster and weapons can not be thrown evan just drops them at his feet with a small animation .
no pistol but pressing space throws a coin that lures enemies within earshot or sight range .
acts identical to the richter mask from the first game .
bullets from any non-shotgun weapon go right through doors without busting them open .
standing executions have richter shoot his enemy in the back of the head if he has a gun .
no perks in release and no perks are gained from it .
start with a katana and a much faster running speed .
grants the ability to punch enemies ' heads off .
punching enemies sends them flying back and biker will always perform stomping executions .
a place for members of r/yaboibananaeisback to chat with each other
would you include shelter socialization/connection vaccines or purpose/meaning in life ?
looking to play as a female celeb staring on facialabuse !
looking to play this out usually how it does in the scenes itself !
i have a celeb list but i 'm happy to hear your suggestions first !
anna kendrick/emma roberts/brittany snow/emmy rossum/emma rose kenney/amanda seyfried amanda cerny sammy hanratty danielle pannabaker olivia wilde/kiernan shipka courtney miller jessica alba melissa funero katherine mcnamara constance wu erin moriarty/chloe moretz kate mara lily reinhart teresa palmer brittany spears joey king madelaine petsch bonnie wright ashley tisdale kristen bell selena gomez anna faris emily osment annasophia robb katie kassidy beth behrs vanessa hudgens melissa benoist dakota johnson blake lively kate beckinsale gal gadot courtney cox rose byrne lily collins michelle mylett aj cook ellie kemper kendall jenner kaley cuoco anne hathaway jennifer aniston hayden panettiere aubrey plaza jamie chung julie bowen milana vayntrub if you do n't see someone listed feel free to ask
willing to play tiktokers but please include photo of them .
kinks are extreme facefuck to the point of puking name calling abuse slapping body writing heavy spit ball sucking fisting hard fucking hard anal object insertion big cumshots facials multiple cocks degration clothes ripping
i am 18 and all other participants and characters must be 18
do they both have the same damage delt damage radius damage tick rate ?
if i want to deny an objective like a dom flag or a hard point is thermite or molotov better ?
what if i want to deny a narrow path like a corridor which is better ?
for those that did n't pick up the box set and were waiting on stand alone .
link is n't live yet https cutcopy.us16.list-manage.com/track/click ? u=03f9de040de2dcbe51e48ee35 id=66a3ad2f40 e=97453d1b0c
when my account went over last week this week i checked to see how much i would have after my paycheck is posted on friday and i saw that since monday they charged me 11 over draft fees resulting in 330 making my incoming paycheck for food gas for work and such in the negative .
this has and will cause me many many damages that cascade out of control .
i called them and told them that such excessive overdraft charges feel federally illegal an dif they arne't they should be .
was i out of line for talking about starting a class action lawsuit over 330 ?
pilot with time off seeking company to tour las vegas nov 27 to dec 1st .
leaving from sacramento ca but can meet there as well .
ok i know this falls in the category of acquired taste .
but if you can get past the haters can anyone tell me where this is stocked in dfw ?
i think it may have been bad metal have n't had an issue since i installed the new one .
i 've started to see many people using electric skateboards and scooters to commute around auckland .
they drive on the side of the road like a cyclist and on footpaths as i 'm sure you 've seen too .
my commute to work is short enough to do this too so i started looking at some escooter options and then checked what the nzta has to say about road rules .
nzta says low powered vehicles below 300w power output are fine but if they are above 300w they need to be registered but because escooters cant technically be registered for road use that means they cant be used on nz roads at all i assume this includes footpaths too ?
when you start looking at scooters models that can hit a decent spped like 40 or 50km like the ones you see about town you quickly realise the power output is definitely far beyond 300w .
theres even a 3000w segway scooter that can hit 70kph !
so my question is are these people just ignoring the nzta and doing it anyway ?
is it just too difficult to police so its gets ignored by law enforcement ?
what are the chances of getting pulled over by a cop and even if that did happen how would they reliably prove the power output of the vehicle ?
just curious as i do n't want to spend on a scooter that would get unwanted attention and possibly a fine .
would appreciate some cues too as my bar path does not seem to be straight over the mid foot .
with inflation looking like it 'll stick around and good growth prospects seemingly a few years away i was wondering if it makes sense to cancel my voluntary salary sacrificing to super ?
i currently nominate an extra 10 to be taken out pretax and it would be nice to have the extra money .
but wondering if this just does n't make sense and i should keep sacrificing for the dca effect in my super ?
we have young talent they just got ta learn .
give him this year unless it 's a train wreck .
if we do n't improve by next year then we can fire him .
all our talent went pro so what did y'all expect ?
we have youth and potential they just got ta develop .
ron bell and his shenanigans hurt recruiting and now that the chains are off jp has been landing some 4 stars .
just got ta get the players in the system .
i hope people are n't sick of me posting about glide but i 'm excited to share some new updates on the language
the range operator .. now implemented as closed open instead of closed closed
a few new built-in functions also found in the documentation
there was an attempt to increase performance by moving loops into c land with for however it only performs better some of the time .
more testing needs to be done in this area .
i 've removed the what i thought was a feature where calling a function with more args than required makes those args accessible via the last param .
i will be introducing compiler flags in the future that could if the user wants raise an error in such an event .
a solid day from my 13kw system paired with 2 tesla batteries .
what vst 's synths effects or plug ins will help me as a beginner digital music creator in the right direction
i 'm doing a second and probably final playthrough and i wanted it to be as thorough as possible .
i got all of the evidence i could for my main suspect but wanted to get the rest of the key intel .
however i ca n't get the information about the grave lucky visits .
when i talk to agnes the bar is at 80 .
i have a for eating dinner with them a for praying for helena and a for caring about the pfeiffers .
but it 's not enough to get the persuasion .
it 's extremely vexing that i have nothing but positives but the game still deigns for obtuse reasons to prevent me from passing a persuasion check .
the best thing about living in a small rural republican kentucky town is getting to tell all the rednecks how stevewilldoit jerks off his dog
my friend invited me over for thanksgiving dinner at her family 's house tomorrow but i declined saying i had already accepted a dinner invite somewhere else .
they kept asking what 's so great about where i 'm going as opposed to their food .
again i said i already committed to that dinner plan after they invited me to theirs .
well today i get an urgent phone call from that same friend .
they asked me what time i get off work which i said it was 1 pm .
they asked if i could immediately come to their place to assist with moving a sofa to the den in preparation for tomorrows dinner .
well i arrive move the sofa and try to leave .
can you please help me out with one more thing ? she ask .
please go to the store and pick up these items .
my sister asked me to do it but i ca n't .
my co worker asked to take me out to dinner tonight as a late bday gift her birthday was monday i roll my eyes but agree to help .
after about an hour of grocery shopping i return and drop off the items .
can you do me one more favor ? she ask again .
can you please go back to my sisters house and help clean it up ?
we got told 10 minutes ago that our cousins from out of town are spending the night there and the place is filthy and we need to make room for them .
my sister is taking my parents to church service tonight so no one is gon na be able to clean the house. not sure what possed me to say yes but i go over there and sweep mop and take out their trash .
as i text her that i 'm leaving she replies with
can you come back to my house and watch my kids while i go out to my dinner date with my co worker ?
is this why you wanted me to go to dinner tomorrow so badly ?
cause you were gon na run me silly like you are now ?
i just wanted you to join us since you 're like family to us .
i try to be nice to you by inviting you to dinner and now you wan na give an attitude ?
you 're fucked up man. i do n't reply .
did you at least put covers over the sofas so my cousins can sleep on them tonight ? she texts a while later .
i still have n't responded but she 's starting to ask for a response .
what should i say to her or any advice as how to proceed with this ?
i 'm sorry for the long story but i really do n't know what to say now .
can i apply scar oils such as bio oil now ?
and should i take more what do you guys recommend ?
i do n't tank to take 8 pills a day tho
never forget we will always remain triumphant as the boys and girls we are .
in the podcast with josh smith omar explained that they originally filmed the season 2 ending with wille finishing the speech and then walking up the stairs to hillerska 's entrance with simon !
i guess that means they had to reshoot some parts of the ending which explains the change in lighting hair that we 've noticed .
i hope this means that s3 is in the bag because the original ending feels a lot like a series finale !
for those of you who own this rta could you share your builds and give a brief explanation for why you do things the way you do them ?
i 've been trying a lot of different ways to build but only once have i got it to have enough flavor for me .
most of the time it 's just air with only a ghost of the flavor i 'd expect .
we go to great lengths to look gorgeous even using wefted hair extensions .
hair extensions have become a diva favorite because they provide instant volume and length to your natural tresses .
wefted hair extensions https www.indiquehair.com/collections/machine-wefted-hair let you shift from a bob to afro kinks instantly .
some find it easy to solve their hair growth problems while others experiment with curls and styles they 've always wanted to try .
natural hair extensions provide style diversity and are frequently a significant beauty investment .
to get the most out of your kinky hair extensions you must first understand how to care for your natural hair extensions .
co-washing also known as conditioner washing is a method of cleaning your hair without using shampoo .
in other words only conditioner is used to clean your natural hair extensions .
there are also numerous co-washing shampoos on the market today .
it would help if you used a moisturizing conditioner rather than a protein conditioner as protein conditioners are more likely to make your extensions ' curls frizzy .
the best part about co-washing your extensions is that it removes dryness traces of dye and odor and softens the hair .
co-washing natural hair extensions at least once or twice a week are recommended .
it would help if you let your kinky curly extensions dry naturally .
do not blow dry your hair because the heat will flatten or frizz your curls .
allowing your pure hair extensions https www.indiquehair.com/collections/pure-collection to dry naturally will also help preserve your curls ' durability and quality .
after washing the extensions the best approach to air dry them is to lay them flat on a towel .
it not only keeps the curls intact but it also keeps the extensions from becoming tangled .
allow your extensions to dry naturally on a towel overnight to help them last longer .
curly natural hair extensions like your actual hair can be tough to maintain .
leave-in conditioners or serums provide extensions with the extra moisture they require eliminating frizz and taming any tangles or knots .
when purchasing leave-in conditioners or serums be sure they are of high quality and formulated precisely for your hair type .
for example if your natural hair extensions https www.indiquehair.com/collections/straight-hair are influenced by hair type 4 you can use stronger leave-in conditioners such as jojoba oil to shape the curls .
if your hair extensions are influenced by hair type 3 you should use lighter leave-ins such as coconut oil-based products .
curly extensions are extremely sensitive and require great care and attention .
one of the most crucial things to remember about these extensions is that you should never comb them when they are dry .
it can and will cause significant harm to your natural hair https cindydiaku.wordpress.com/2022/09/22/how-do-extensions-for-hair-work extensions .
when the extensions are dry and you try to comb through the curls they are more likely to fall off due to knots and tangles .
cotton bedding and pillows might harm the shine of your extensions .
instead of shopping for satin bedsheets and pillowcases the simple remedy is to sleep with your hair wrapped in a silk scarf .
keeping the shine of your extensions will help prevent knot formation and damage to your hairdo .
consider removing your hair extensions before bed or covering them with a bonnet .
when preparing a special event hairdo you must pay attention to the items you employ .
at all costs avoid drying out or harming your curly extensions .
as a result it is recommended that you exclusively use alcohol-free treatments and serums .
this simple care will go a long way toward keeping your curly extensions looking great for a long time .
natural hair extensions can last up to 5 years if properly cared for .
i 've been crying a lot and i feel like doing something impulsive .
like i 'm a second choice for everyone and it 's understandable .
https redgifs.com/watch/uglyaltruisticirukandjijellyfish the one in the middle but it would be awesome if you know who the one on the right is as well
i understand that the mars has ambi controls but i just want one that fits a sr-25 upper best .
our secretary refuses to order more paper for the copier .
she sent out reminders of how we did it for 18 months online and there was no need for paper .
she even had a paperless classroom teacher send out an email on how to teach using little to no paper .
it does n't appear that you have too little karma to post there either so i dunno what those moderators were on .
newminster no 403 superior round slices is worth a try .
but my favorite english blend is kramer 's father dempsey .
sometimes people like me ... do n't have a working vehicle and ca n't go anywhere .
if they were intelligent they would n't have been picking a street fight in the first place .
all these people here talking about not getting a lunch break i assume during a 12 hour shift .
but do y'all at least eat a quick snickers bar or snack of some sort ?
having truly nothing to eat all day is crazy .
nfr pink cat for nfr octopus nfr gold walrus ?
just regurgitates whatever word he heard last on any given subject
only brendan shaub ca n't even pronounce the words right .
i 'm guessing white gsds are not of that show stock ?
the smartest dog i ever met was a white german shepherd named henry that lived on the farm i worked in high school .
he also answered to hank and i swear you could give him full sentence commands .
25 years later and i still think about henry .
i understand every dog is different have had two corgis over the years and i 'll take health temperament over coloration but i 've always liked the idea of a white one .
i will say that john of mulaney and jerry of sienfield are now cannon after starting the campaign .
which as i type must mean there are cities with those names .
today the federal government holds 93 of all student loans by dollar value .
to be fair both cassidy and noelle are targeting eachother
i 'm pretty sure they fixed that bug i know there was thread a few days ago with people complaining they could not use other people 's codes anymore but i do n't remember if they were the jack links one
oh sure putin is giving me a lecture about playing by the rules
i loved the part in avengers when mario started stomping thanos !
if you want to still do that or know you 'll have some kids around that will want to taste you can toast the flour beforehand that will kill off the bacteria .
that being said raw eggs are also risky so still probably should n't taste batter says the total hypocrite who definitely still tastes their better occasionally .
man my ex'es neighbour had a rottweiler and big labrador that went for a adventure .
me and her neighbour had to catch them on our socks running around a portuguese neighbourhood .
the onlt thing i was scared of with that rottweiler was his enthousiasm when we finally caught then
i had no fucking clue that 's what brook 's brother looked like
yea i know but almost people like to swap the manual in .
manual is just so much better in these old yotas .
there is no product no release date no way to get new people involved in pls or plsx .
is n't that what marketing is getting people involved or bring new people in .
how many times does he say in his videos do n't expect anything from the sacrifice ?
i 'm sorry but the extravagant spending when there is no product does n't seem like marketing to me .
if he was doing this brag spending after release then i could see the argument but now not so much .
he was activated but i think he was a scratch tonight .
i do n't wan na act like i know much before my time i 'm 33 but why is n't prime time on the list
that way you can always ask questions if you see them doing something different from what you 're doing
yah it 's of course ideal for her to not be around an abusive person but the advice she was asking for is regarding her believing that she 's unable at this time to leave the situation .
so that 's why i was giving her advice within the limitations she 's set in her post and subsequent comments .
i never said they were n't crazy but that is fair but i feel like their beliefs have a kind of method to the madness like their shit is just totally made up but it seems like these mormons wan na talk about aliens and exoplanets and they incorporate it into their faith to make it sound even more ridiculous whereas the christian 's are just like nah none of that shit exists .
the following is a copy of the original post to record the post as it was originally written .
would you include shelter socialization/connection vaccines or purpose/meaning in life ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askaliberal if you have any questions or concerns .
raynaud 's is like freezing mine go purple/red then white if i do n't layer up and find heat immediately .
i get it on my fingers up to mid forearm and feet to the ankles and on rare occasion on my nose .
it 's wierd both happen and sometime at the same time so my knees and face are burning and extremities are freezing .
my knees can be from standing or just no good reason does seem to onset more consistently with activity .
i ask them wtf is this on the eftpos machine tell them this is n't america and make them click no .
you brought up raging where again you state there was none so by virtue of there being two of us us both having established i was not raging that only leaves you ... the one bringing it up ... and seems pretty spot on .
sorry you lack experience in both card games at a professional leve and game development experience but dino is by the games balance logic overpowered/undercosted and actually both
that leaves changing the majority of the cards to come inline with dino or changing dino ...
you literally said if it has a counter it is balanced '' yes your argument was invalid trash and i proved that ... use your brain maybe next time ?
so you do n't think my example is hyperbolic and you do think every card is balanced as long as a single other card counters '' it ... .
real talk here dude concerned parent to clearly unwell child on reddit are you bipolar ?
bc you literally say and argue contradictory things back to back manically while claiming you are raging ... i am concerned reddit and social media is not healthy for you
all of those cards are balanced around it as explained unlike dino ... .
and based on my getting the perfect god things i can do something worse than the thing they do every game in a game designed around 1 cube retreats literally not counting as a loss exclusively so if i get the god luck they do n't get punished ''
you can not be a real human ... you have to be trolling or need mental help bad ... the sheer backwards stupidity of what you say
you actually think giving someone 1 and someone 10000000000000 is the same thing because you gave them both money .
i mean how many teams have been this inexplicably inept for so long ?
like for both the mets and jets and to an extent the knicks every time something good seems like its going to happen it comes crashing down in the worst possible way .
like this season was going great and then three offensive engines and true feel-good players in breece avt and davis went down and so did any good will around this season .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borntobefucked if you have any questions or concerns .
and so many of the comments supporting them were the same .
lots of oh i 'm height and when i was size appropriate for that height i was overweight/chunky/etc so i get what op means '' .
bonus round for the guys you 're missing the point it 's about waist measurements here at height totally healthy waist measurement would be too big ''
i 'm shorter than most of the heights mentioned my smallest was the very uk size being called chunky '' and even though i know intellectually and having seen the few pictures of myself back then and knowing all the comments i got that i was slim and yet so many comments somehow managed to call out my exact measurements or one inch either side as chunky '' at higher heights .
like i know you got ta be prepared coming to this sub but they did n't even spoiler the numbers .
i 'm going to disagree with you because the terms of the agreement have changed so dramatically that she probably would n't have bought the car .
the average subprime car refinance is over 17 right now .
adding a couple percentage points to a 0-3 loan with his co-signature is reasonable .
adding 10 percentage points to her loan is just irrational .
it 's extra petty because unless op is planning to leverage himself all the way to the bleeding edge of his debt to income ratio which he should n't do anyway having his co-signature on the loan does n't actually affect him at all so long as she keeps up the payments .
it 's on samsungs website and you need epp school or work .
your contribution in r/kpopthoughts has been automatically removed because you either do not meet the minimum karma requirements to post in r/kpopthoughts or because your account is less than 7 days old .
this is to prevent spam and to keep this subreddit safe .
click here https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204511829-what-is-karma to find out more about karma and how to gain it .
please send us a mod mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/kpopthoughts with a link to the submission if you have any further questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kpopthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
y'know we should be thankful that the warden ca n't destroy noise making blocks .
i would be very difficult to leave work everyday 😁
i think i 'll go bankrupt b4 i win something from a lottery haha
other than the massive quantities of icebergs making travel around the northern end of the continent impossible very little stops ships from sailing wherever .
the human kingdom has the greatest navy by far as the dwarves live underground and the aaracokra are generally keen to ignore and be ignored by the rest of the world .
the sea elves also have some naval power but they tend to stick to themselves a lot as well .
and for merchants any nation with a coastline has seafaring merchants of some kind .
hide the debris from the hole in your pant leg and subtlety release it back behind the dumpster .
i think putting draymond with the second unit more is going to pay off .
if i could n't do ortho medical school would have been a waste .
yeah i 've seen a lot of bad posts about endocrinologist and doctors about this area of expertise .
anywhere from 500 to 800 depending on series and quality of slip yoke and u joints .
i can not relax in the bath before the weekend ?
no you do n't have to stay in hostels .
why does he look like he is deepthroating the mic
your post has been removed due it breaking the rules of this subreddit .
i 've seen y'all rock this uni and i like it .
it 's not my favorite uni in the world but solid enough to me
if you got something not as bad like say herpes then she might be ok with it .
i also have a deino if you want to trade it for dreepy
all someone has to do is buy a fake vest on wish post low effort content on social media and all the sudden you have some people who think its legit .
it 's never been more easy to fool people and make a living off it .
i mean theres still an agency on the books that has 12m in funding yet no one works there the money ca n't be used elsewhere and it has n't been active since tony abbott was pm .
its not surprsing that they would n't have a figure for something sensible like this when theres still weird things like that happening .
all i remember is rory burns ' hair and howie 's iconic boland call
please let me know when you send me the game invite
i 'm not saying it was acceptable but playing cyberpunk on release on a ps5 was constant crashes every hour which caused me to lose progress .
i completed violet in about 3 days and only had 1 crash .
plenty of weird graphics glitches and clipping issues but nothing game breaking .
i do agree that gamefreak should do better for how much money they make .
your response just came across as very disrespectful and pessimistic and i 'm sorry if you felt i was taking you in bad faith but as i said i did n't say that you intended to be rude just that your words were hurtful .
and maybe you can put yourself in my shoes a bit as a woman online and realize that i 've talked to hundreds of men who say they are desperate for a kind woman in their life but then in the same breath decry them as evil .
so maybe we both have reason to feel weary .
i once gave a guy a compliment and he messaged me privately to yell at me for being nice to him his words do n't ever be nice to me im trash i do n't deserve it all i want is a woman to love me . ''
what you were saying just sounds a lot like the stuff i hear those types of guys say .
i 'm glad you are at least open to better experiences .
you ca n't form a good faith opinion or argument because there is n't any inflation you can use to form a good faith argument .
a gas leak is considered an emergency and the response will be immediate to check if there are no leaks .
where i am if it 's bad enough it 's even a 911 call to the fire department
we 've only been to the playoff twice we 're getting unearned credit here .
i can see the wimpy dog underneath the chad dog .
re shroud of shadows am i correct in understanding it is saying you are not effected by the darkness ?
so that you are standing in the middle of a 15 foot radius sphere of darkness but you are normally lit ?
saw in comments on ig on the post today she said im not bringing attention to them im bringing attention to the lies .
so does that mean everything thing else said is true ?
i dont know what 's more annoying her normal voice or now that she 's got voice changing filters .
if you 're here that 's probably because you got a bad situations in everskies but do n't worry !
please make sure you have censored the name/title/avatar of what you have posted .
we want everyone to be anonymous so do not divulge any information about anyone .
we are not affiliated with everskies and are not managed by everskies .
this subreddit is not the official an everskies subreddit .
please read the rules about the subreddit here https www.reddit.com/r/everskiestrash/comments/szneu8/rules ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/everskiestrash if you have any questions or concerns .
this is for if you want to stop at any place then you have to press this then the driver gets a ring in its dashboard and also your seat number and after that they will stop bus at that point
i 'd feel like we are doomed for the same fate as last year .
thanks for your submission to r/pokemontrades your post is up and running !
if you receive an offer by pm or reddit chat message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpokemontrades and redirect the other user to comment publicly on the subreddit .
pm dm and chat trading is prohibited by rule 4 https wk.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules wiki_rule_4_-_do_not_discuss_trades_privately .
any player on or off this subreddit can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner are using .
both you and potential trading partners must have poké ball https i.imgur.com/xgahexa.png level flair or higher 10 approved trades https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/pokeballflair to make trades involving shiny or event pokémon .
must be posted when offering any shiny or event pokémon .
information from 3b if applicable any information from 3c https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules wiki_rule_3_-_full_details_must_be_posted_for_shiny_and_event_pok.e9mon .
if you 'd like you can mark this post as closed by commenting close as a new reply .
doing this will update the post flair and let others know you are no longer looking for further trades .
you can also add your trades from this post to your flairhq !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry this submission has been automatically removed as it appears to break one of our rules no advertising .
if you think this is a mistake please message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/needysluts if you have any questions or concerns .
no woman that has ever gone to a gym has ever been to a bar .
no woman that has ever gone to a library has ever been to a coffee shop .
you have to invite them or they wo n't leave and you ca n't progress the game .
everyone after that just stays until 5am the next day .
i meant as a whole this year but i just looked on statmuse and the difference is n't as apparent as i thought
i 'll do you one better what os do you run ?
with windows if indexing gets messed up it takes a lot of things with it .
but if motherboard or cpu do n't support the full capabilities generation of your upgraded gpu and ssd that it might be time for an upgrade as well do n't toss it however you can reuse it for a test machine or sell it cheap .
ram amount and clock speed can also be at play so that might be an issue too .
lol so basically a feud but not really about an issue in the case .
that 's what i 'm thinking too her face looks a lot like the border collie i had as a kid .
i 'll definately update with her embark results once they come in !
others are just lucky enough to be cremated and have their cremains stuffed into a cheap pine box .
and still others get eaten by vultures in a sky burial ritual .
to expand on this further i 'm pretty sure the inspiration was taken from a ap rocky 's 2017 rolling loud shirt https process.fs.grailed.com/ajdagnqcst4iptnuxigttz/auto_image/cache=expiry max/rotate=deg exif/output=quality:70/compress/sbqoqckktw2tpze6k5na
i ca n't remember where i heard/saw this but i heard it was a 2016 model .
still pricey for an unemployed college student but not 60k .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=tiny_criticism_7794 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
well should'nt they be having legal documents if they are citizens ?
great then and do n't ever fall for sellers instructing you to send money as a personal payment .
my car had both airbags go off and they just fixed it up and charged insurance
sadly i have never found anything for fests and shows here in town .
in-person shopping for anything specific in fashion here is absolutely frustrating .
gold does not benefit from trade companies the same way other trade goods do .
i said i did n't ask any what ifs '' ... .i knew you were slow ... shit🙄 and no ... i did n't make excuses ... . as you should know excuses would be statements ... not questions .
i 'll sometimes give it a listen for a few minutes out of morbid curiosity and to hear what the other side is fixated on this week .
you need 300 comment karma and a 2 month old account .
comment karma is not post karma or total karma .
to view comment karma on new reddit either hover over your total karma or click the ... next to comments and choose overview legacy '' https i.imgur.com/hqvbynj.png .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftofgames if you have any questions or concerns .
a compromise was made he just does n't like it .
they 're not spending thanksgiving with her ex 's parents they 're spending thanksgiving with her children 's grandparents .
they 're never going to move past their family and he needs to get used to it or leave .
it 's not unreasonable to want your children to spend one single holiday with their grandparents .
i have talked to my dad he cops a lot of verbal abuse from my mum so trust me if he could he would but if he were to lawyer-up again not that he can realistically but if he did it would probably cripple him financially all for an outcome that ca n't be guaranteed .
for anyone interested i re-posted a second version with daniel 's vocal track from diorama .
sort of sounds like the live version from their 2003 shows without you 2022 fan cover remix mashup youtube https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wrldjhhjm4q
you have nothing to show of your own work so your entitlement to talk shit is pretty looney i 'm trying to make you aware of this lmao
i have an n54 335i with jb4 and mhd backend flash .
i 'm not kidding when i say this every single time i am driving my car i give it full throttle at least once .
there is not a day in my ownership where my car has not seen redline .
nearly 2 years now and the engine is running beautifully at 173k miles .
these engines love redline and they will last longer if you give it full throttle frequently .
completely normal for the car to stay up at high revs meant to keep it in the power band as long as possible .
i can understand why owning an n54 can make you paranoid and worry about every little thing
we noticed you marked your post advice needed '' .
9989 please provide context for the post is your bsop currently medicated and in therapy and for how long ?
the more context the better advice you can get .
you can edit your post or elaborate in a comment .
128172 for comments please remember op 's on this sub are often in situations where emotions overcome logic and that your advice could be life-altering .
op 's need our help to gain a balanced perspective .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bipolarsos if you have any questions or concerns .
since alaska my mind immediately went to brown bears which basically eat salmon and veggies
that the guy he was battling had a body that was not properly proportioned ... .
it 's getting a lot more love because of the anime now but when it was all said and done in the manga a lot of people were annoyed/pissed by it .
it 's only lessened over time because of the light novel that was released adding more to the stories and the recent one shot hell chapter .
plus the knowledge that kubo really did n't get a choice but also had a lot of health issues when people heard all that they lessened their hate and turned more to i wish had better health and gotten more time to do this arc properly.
but still the general vibe is that no one really loves the final arc there is a lot of cool moments but it all really just really meh and honestly no where near enough backstory done to truly set up the quincy return like this and their power being what it was .
it all very much was aizen aizen aizen ... random fullbring ... quincy .
kinda feels like it 's all out of order .
should have started with ichigo becoming a soul reaper like it does in the show but then rather than everyone wanting to fuck up rukia and ichigo and that invasion it moves into the fullbring stuff then the quincy stuff with ywach and his super elites not being so stupidly op that it 's impossible to beat them essentially then after that we get the aizen stuff which has been steadily building quietly in the background .
having a massive threat like aizen be the big bad at the beginning and defeated really felt off and then to go into the fullbring arc which really did n't do much to then finish off with the quicies which yeah made sense in terms of their hatred towards soul reapers but just none of it flowed well into the next arc and felt like was out of order .
make a guess who is the righteous owner of the land of the us then .
alright i hope you 'll sign up for a ground war in iran then
i heard he named his daughter after his sister .
but he is getting better and he can take it off for longer periods of time then before
that will be an amusing day but at a guess as his mum is sooo disapproving of unemployment i have a feeling that his lack of employment will be all my fault xd ah wells you 're the one that handed in your resignation buddy with my support but i had none of the details for his superiors for me to do so .
graduated recently and from personal experience it is not automatically waived when you declare graduation .
had to personally go down to the registers and co-op office 2 weeks before convocation to get it sorted out .
might wan na get that dealt with instead of having it be an issue down the line .
i think i might '' want to have emotions '' .
i 'm emotionally bankrupt and that has ruined a lot of relationships with spouses family and friends .
not much moves the emotional needle in me no real joy no real sorrow just blank '' .
my entire life consists of mimicking the emotions of others just to seem normal '' .
good businessmen do n't lose 100 billion dollars in net worth in a matter of weeks .
it 's not all on her the writers do n't get her at all and her plots in those movies border on character assassination but she plays a part for sure
one day before i came out i sat down and peed continued to for 15 yrs then came out as trans .
generally if an item is tradable it 's likely that it 's available in the mall .
really do n't think anyone in this sub is the audience for this car .
now no one can say that debut is her weakest
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/babesnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
we 'll probably have wifi depending pillows in the near future along with our wifi depending pajamas and blanket .
nope and other than what i said above do n't want to
i almost upvoted you but then i realized planty '' was a typo ...
my sd did n't care about any making up when my dad died .
he told me to take my time and was supportive .
when things were more settled we spent time together and he was completely understanding
if you 've still got your conventional hairdryer would you be willing to just put it into storage and force yourself to use the airwrap ?
mine is in the bathroom and when i have to dry my hair that 's all there is now ...
i 'm still trying to find products that i like but i 'm really trying to explore and experiment cos i feel the same as you i do n't wan na look just fine i wan na look good !
but if i had to guess maybe a year but tbh i do n't follow that game that much anymore
haha well better to go at your own pace than to burn out .
its '' heavy pay '' because they pay like 80 cents a mile and this order is n't even a 3 mile drive .
they should pay like 25 cents per item too .
maybe then it would be worth it but 50 items ?
you 're gon na spend 30 mins finding those if they 're in stock and you know what you 're doing
this post was removed for being about lgbtq topics which i think is stupid i think it has more to do with the q club shooting but just because it happens to touch lgbtq means i ca n't post it normally ?
adobe killed its non-fortune 500 market when it moved to the subscription model so not knowing it inside and out is understandable to a degree .
not having heard of it on the other hand and expecting to be a creative director is insanity .
the film immediately brings white lotus '' to mind and suffers by the comparison .
like johnson 's film a running theme of this show is dominance .
white lotus '' explores how an abundance of creature comforts can make one complacent to issues of privilege and how toxic people can find ways to exert their power to protect the status they have .
mike white 's characters may seem superficial but their interactions are fraught with subtext showing tantalising snippets of their unconscious motives .
this show is way too layered and nuanced for characters to ever be nothing more than a stock type .
the writing operates on a whole other level of construction than glass onion '' where concepts of white privilege gender politics '' and social media disruption are laid on with a snl-sized sledgehammer .
these characters are merely ciphers for johnson 's unsophisticated political commentary .
the characters feel like they were designed by someone who already draws wlw and mlm manhwa or something .
this season ivan served as the neutral wise person in all the drama with patrick and his father .
he made only 1 mistake that i can remember this season which is cheating on patrick .
the things he said to patrick were hurtful but he had enough self-awareness especially for a grieving teenager to admit and communicate how he genuinely feels .
you only get 3 chances a day and i have n't seen a new page in over 2 weeks .
i think he has to sleep with two friends of his mom to be squarely ahead of zach .
use code aly-re0 '' for 50 off any of your orders .
please comment on this post with the type of comments you would like to receive .
such as positive degrading nondegrading weight shaming requests etc .
you can also state how extreme you would like it such as soft harsh extreme .
please follow reddit tos and the rules of r/misognysticlife .
for example if you do not want degrading comments but want name calling you should comment with nondegrading name calling
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/misogynisticlife if you have any questions or concerns .
really a big brain play because there 's infighting on both fronts
eliminate the threat not push them and expect them not to try again .
if we start peeling back layers this looks like there has been a lack of love and therefore self-love through generations .
we can change this for future generations but it will take a lot of work .
anything is good '' if you want to be .
when we put in a claim for an increase do we not get paid while it 's being evaluated ?
a month my longest was like almost a year but one party threw me off and i did n't stop .
i honestly dont understand how that 's an answer to my question .
if you die trying to complete a test then you did n't overcome the test .
therfore god gave you a trial that you could n't handle '' .
chris squire 's bass in starship trooper by yes .
it 's genuinely the reason why i want to start learning to play bass .
off topic but what possible reason is there to need more than 1550 deployed nuclear warheads ?
apart from a curtis lemay desire for total incineration of an enemy population .
the us bought it from japan in exchange for 11 beaver pelts and a brass hat buckle .
the festivsal fun tlsq has 7 and even less time to complete 🥹
sounds like an excuse to fuck around in the training room as long as you 're willing to pretend that you 're looking
and no i do n't hate you i just think
l am aware the council has made a decision but
if you have n't seen the insides of these schools you simply do n't know the difference .
the restrooms sparkling very important as the mother of a girl
the classrooms spacious enough materials for every child low teacher-child ratio
buses clean new safe gps-equipped when both parents work we need to know when exactly to get home in time for the bus
at the end of the day we earn well .
if we do n't use it to make life better for our kids what else to use it for ?
and we are no snobs we came from lower middle-class families from tier-3/4 towns not even cities .
if my kids can learn to swim play tennis explore arts and other pursuits and we can afford it then why deprive them ?
i would have given anything to have these opportunities in my childhood .
i never even saw a clean loo in all my educational years .
i honestly do n't think you should be able to dictate whether they are dating or not .
i know you care about your friend and he clearly does n't care about her but you ca n't make someone break up .
you can warn them like you did and leave it at that .
someday she will realize the mistake she made but you ca n't decide for her .
that 's fair 😆 i think all this swarm/decay referencing throughout this tour has got us all ready to accept plague and pestilence into my chem lore lol
anyone know what is the retail called on the belenci long sleeve ?
this is slight not so slight color variation that made him look red
securing the i 'm really sick of these ram raiders '' voting demographic should be the easiest thing in the world .
a proper solution needs to target that root cause .
the classic just make prison scarier '' boomer solution is n't enough .
what the government takes money via a windfall tax and hands it out or spends it ...
this is not deflationary whatsoever it is in fact inflationary .
the idea that the reserve bank is the only one that can address inflation is not true .
i never said it was as i mentioned if they retire the money from taxation this will also work by reducing the money supply .
just listed a bunch of countries who have govt policy for it .
you listed a bunch of countries introducing windfall taxes not the specifics .
you then claimed that when the government spends it 's not inflationary .
yes they manipulated their currency exchange rates because trade makes up the vast majority of their economy .
the same would not so easily work here because we are not such a heavily trade based economy .
i would assume most people would be keen for alternative measures that are not interest rate hikes and unemployment
a recession is incoming regardless of inflation with that comes increased unemployment .
even if we did n't touch our rates it does n't stop the slowdown in global economic spending .
if u up to invast in a monitor chack out the oddessy g8 .
it is like 30 off i would buy it but the delivery price not worth it for me
please does which part in norway have steam gift card
but it bears repeating i would argue ad nauseum however i do n't care because it is such a wise philosophical take on the nature of certain human beings .
the shit-apple does n't fall far from the shit tree .
fortunately this does n't always apply there are many examples of shit-trees that bore non-shitty progeny .
but still in this case clearly we 're looking at a major shit-tree .
a lot of those are also on perpetual tourist visas .
wala silang special skills para makakuha ng pr visa at wala silang pera para makakuha ng srrv
fingerprints and dna evidence are only useful if the suspect 's fingerprints are already in the system though in recent years law enforcement has been taking advantage of these dna testing services to find suspects via process of elimination .
camera footage is often not sharp enough to be viable and even if one has a clear picture that only makes a difference if somebody recognizes the suspect and tells the police .
a lot of crimes go unsolved murder among them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/milfpornx if you have any questions or concerns .
u would think they had the common sense to run it every week if they knew people would buy it !
gun 's a fan of brekdak the champion and sophia is technically russia 's best ...
i 've ran into a bunch of aventuriers in my time on this game
my assumption is a sort of native people are automatically anti-industry type belief
i remember my mom talking about those back in her hay day .
yeah it gets confusing when some high numbers are good and some bad .
the perfect armor would be a class 5 with really low fragility but the only class 5 at least for sale has high fragility .
so it will stop most hits but break pretty quick .
comes down to what type of enemy are you fighting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whenthe if you have any questions or concerns .
i once approached a pretty lady and offered to pay her for a holiday to come with me on a cruise i was willing to pay the 1,000 for the cruise if she went with me of course i was rejected as a creep those that say money can solve all your romantic problems are idiots having money and being fa is worse than being poor and being fa if your poor and fa at least you can tell yourself i cant get a quality woman because im poor but when you can afford to pay a nice lady to go on a cruise with you and she still rejects you that hurts much more because in theory woman love guys with money right ?
not in real life especially if your unattractive and look creepy
i was really suicidal on my kitchen floor like 10 mins ago and this made me reconsider quite a bit .
i expect a higher yield for a low-growth fcf stock i.e .
whis was used when bardock appeared in second phase and in third phase when health was at 50
seems like a pretty big clue that someone is desperate and in need of serious mental help .
but hey you seem to be great at making psychological diagnoses on reddit so go right ahead .
29 million is an absolute drop in the ocean for the nhs and would n't have changed anything
nnoitra only one who did his job for aizen sama
there are a lot of unpopular opinions i 've seen that just get downvoted because it 's an ... unpopular opinion .
could it be possible to meet with them and learn a bit more how they see it and what are the blocking point etc ... ?
you make an espresso but stop pulling the shot halfway ?
we would just make our own better icing to get it to stick .
true to size fits me great with eu 42 us 8.5
i mean i have driving anxiety so being driven around is nice ... but everything else about this is just yikes .
i 'm new to cosplaying but i already love it .
motherfucker has slipped multiple gears in his brain space .
and trump would rather chew gravel mixed with acid than accept ‘2nd place '
i am asking because we stopped calling the ambulance in case due to the fact that the meds they provide are usually for epileptic seizures/grand mal that 's how i and the situation looks like .
a minimum account-age 3 days and post karma threshold 500 is required in order to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebhub if you have any questions or concerns .
i have been told on multiple occasions does n't matter .
let 's just make it there to find out ! 😉
i love that in trying to make themselves look bigger they just look dishevelled .
free 1 year gift link to hottest onlyfans account on the planet !
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/universitygirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd say benefit of the doubt here polite discreet word letting them know it 's not an ok gesture to make .
everyone should have to chance to be corrected and to change their behaviour .
if it happens again repeatedly then make it formal .
people on reddit do n't use email to communicate .
there was an app that was really ok and they stopped making it available here
i really dont understand the part even as an experienced players ''
its not that hard pretty much every skill will kill a mob .
sure the difference might be a few seconds slower .
dodging a roa with no gear or abilities is not that hard .
their chargeup takes forever and the smallest side step deals with it .
or standing around obstacles to use those for dodging .
you sound like the beginning player you describe you cant imagine .
even though i still disagree and dont notice the difficulty myself .
im cool with them tuning the rest up into line
it 's common sense if you already know that printed roadmaps and road atlases have street indexes or if you have a printed roadmap or road atlas in your hands that you can examine .
if you 'd never seen one how would you know that they typically included a street index ?
it 's like expecting someone who has only ever known searchable hyperlinked encyclopedias to intuitively know that articles in printed encyclopedias were typically in alphabetical order instead of organized chronologically or by subject matter .
someone being able to figure out a tool once you 've handed it to them does n't mean that before they ever saw it they should have correctly imagined that it exists and how it works .
dude just wair until they cancel support thrn they are gon na support it .
remember it 's a hobby that is supposed to be fun .
like any hobbies we fall in out of love with them .
ohhhh ok i was going to say i have ones parallel to the opener that are n't under tension when the door is open .
we replaced them recently and i was so confused as to why it 's so dangerous .
i did n't even realize there are other types of springs that are perpendicular to the opener
why is it that nowadays that everyone just assumes that a slender short guy like me has to have some sort of deep-seeded mommy fetish ? ?
like sure is it hard not to notice when i only come up to boob-height when i talk to you ?
but i 'm not like a perv or anything !
it 's not like i immediately start fantasizing about having my face smothered into cleavage while my hair is stroked and my forehead is kissed .
and i like manly stuff like um ... sports .
'cause like okay yeah sure i do blush whenever you call me a 'good boy ' .
but it 's not because i like it ! !
i mean like who would even wan na be your needy little pet .
there 's absolutely no way i 'd ever be whimpering out 'i love you mommy 's as i hump my twitching cock against your asscheeks .
and there 's no fucking way i 'd ever be as lame to jizz over some kiss !
sure it was a little bit more ... intense than some makeout sessions i 've had ... and the way you were rubbing my cock through my pants and whispering for me to cum for mommy between breaths was ... w-was um gross .
but that wet spot was just from a beer i spilled okay !
j-just shut up and take your clothes off okay ? !
mark my words you 're not making me cum a single time got it ! ?
by the end of the night you 're totally gon na be my bitch not the other way around !
looking for a mommy who knows what i want better than i do 3 would love to play across any woman who 's who 's taller stronger or older than me or all of the above !
whether you tease me until i melt into you or you prod at me until i finally snap i wan na find all the nasty mommy 's out there !
my kinks are big tits big asses incest sneaking around anal oral sizeplay rimming dom/sub tittyfucks breeding impreg lactation multiple positions seduction romance sexual tension public humiliation watersports outercourse titjobs hotdogging etc .
spanking shame power reversal lap sitting beast sizeplay and more !
i 'm thinking of licking my bf gooch i 'm sure he is pretty open to it.. but that 's besides the point .
i 'm not sure how to do it and where exactly is the intense part .
i have an appointment tomorrow morning and could sneak into work and print the forms there but would rather not if i can get them at the dmv and just fill them out there .
7fin/8boss/power pitcher4 power pitching screwing with fin bonus so low base vel on a pitcher
i 've had mediocre results with dom/touch in the past but wondering if the mess makes a big enough difference here
would you guys rather have them adapt the u-20 match in an episode format or have everything in one movie ?
while our stomachs are full what will we be listening to during this upcoming weekend ?
saw a post like this a few months ago and loved the idea .
visiting the in-laws for thanksgiving and they met our 6mo little one for the first time .
they love him but they 've done some things with our lo that made me pretty uncomfortable .
namely they both have a penchant for sticking their fingers in our baby 's mouth .
i 'm admittedly a bit of germaphobe but i feel like this is an overstep at least and potentially harmful at worst .
my wife 's mother is a secret smoker so i ca n't help but think of her fingers carrying carcinogens .
she also just has long unkempt nails and very unsteady hands so it just really grosses me out and seems dangerous .
my wife 's stepdad also does it which also grosses me but mostly because again cleanliness but also somewhat because his finger is a stump .
the other scenario that has been making me uncomfortable is diaper changes .
when we first got to their house they told us we could do diaper changes on a chair in the middle of their living room .
we did that a few times but it always felt very public with everyone in the room .
i would take our lo into another room for some privacy but they would no joke follow me in there to watch me change him .
not only that but this last time i was changing him after i took my los pants off my mother in law came up and starting patting and tickling him on the diaper area .
i 'm pretty non confrontational but in both situations i had to express my discomfort .
for the fingers i just said please do n't do that that 's not a good habit for him even though i really think hes a baby with a natural oral fixation and it 's their behavior i 'm uncomfortable with .
and with diapering i just said can we have some privacy while i change him .
i can tell my in laws are n't happy about my reactions .
my mother in law keeps making comments about how our lo loves eating her fingers about 40x in the past two days .
and i ca n't seem to change my son 's dirty diaper without an in law in whatever room i 've gone to .
maybe just a vent but also a gut check am i tripping ?
basically if you have two really good teams the game can basically be won if one team sees the other first in duels .
i did n't get out of bed to eat anything and it 's like 9:30pm so i did n't take it and i do n't wan na be up all nice lolz .
before we begin i think i 'll state the obvious .
terminator 2 judgement day did n't absolutely need a sequel .
in many ways it 's already the perfect sequel and wraps up the story of sarah and john connor in a satisfying manner especially if one takes into account the deleted alternate ending .
of course hollywood being what it is they saw an opportunity to make some more money off the franchise .
so they took it and we 've since gotten a cascade of terminator continuations of varying quality .
after 2019 's dark fate was yet another failed attempt to reboot things the series has hung in this uncertain limbo for three years .
said three years has given me a lot of time to think over certain what ifs '' on the various sequels .
in particular i 've ended up weighing 2003 's rise of the machines and dark fate both direct sequels to judgment day and wondered how a successful third entry could utilize what worked in those two entries while discarding what did n't .
and i found myself also looking to the example set by another dystopian sequel .
fox 's distant epilogue to their x-men franchise logan .
spliced with some ideas from a trilogy of post-*t2 novels here 's what came to mind .
hypothetically speaking let 's say none of the other theatrical sequels happened up to this point and this is the first terminator film in two decades .
the plot is centered on the mother/son duo of sarah and john connor and chronologically set twenty years after the events of t2 .
regarding style and tone for the most part think of something akin to the aforementioned logan .
stripped back more focused on serious character drama than gimmicks and fanservice and dark .
helmed by director james mangold who knows how to strike that needed balance between drama and action .
focused on older grizzled heroes protecting younger ones while readying them to take up the mantle .
aside from the various old and new faces the second protagonist in john connor is now portrayed by actor jake gyllenhaal .
who almost played the role in rise of the machines .
leader of the future https preview.redd.it/6vwn859th12a1.jpg ? width=350 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=5e0278e9c84b81eaa56c8838babfd1f7f889385c
major plot beats are as follows specifically deviations from rise of the machines and dark fate .
twenty years since sarah and john with the help of uncle bob '' destroyed cyberdyne systems and seemingly prevented the coming nuclear apocalypse and rise of the machines .
but both sarah and john are still on the run and still wary of something going wrong .
sarah resides in texas while john has settled in new mexico .
while they 've gone their separate ways they stay in touch .
under the alias stan hurd '' john works as a mechanic and recently entered a relationship with army brat kate brewster .
he 's never had to face his supposed destiny and thus feels slightly aimless in life .
she 's tried to find some measure of peace but still suffers nightmares .
said nightmares are exacerbated by recent blackouts and outbreaks of a supposed computer virus .
that peace is broken by an attempt on her life by a random police officer .
a major departure from any film past is the role schwarzenegger plays .
this time he does n't play a terminator but a man .
in the future ruled by skynet dieter would become the physical template for the model 101 terminators .
previously featured in a non-canon trilogy of novels set after t2 https terminator.fandom.com/wiki/dieter_von_rossbach
having picked up the long paper trail connecting the events of the first two films dieter has tracked down sarah connor and deduced her identity as well as the truth of her warnings on skynet and judgment day .
after examining the police officer who tried to kill sarah the pair realize skynet is n't quite as defeated as they believed .
the truth of skynet 's re-emergence is revealed in the chief villain of the film .
not the t-x but instead a human-hybrid infiltration unit codenamed serena burns '' .
also based on a character from the t2 novel trilogy https terminator.fandom.com/wiki/serena_burns
serena is a i-950 a human grown by skynet with a neural net processor in the brain .
self-aware and intelligent enough to blend in or track targets as well as any advanced terminator .
has become capable of infecting machines with a corrupted code and developed chemically-induced control of disposable agents .
serena is skynet 's contingency sent back through time should its attempt to assassinate the connors fail .
holding a job in the air force serena has subtly aided the recreation of skynet after its near-erasure in 1995 .
developing advanced drones state of the art surveillance and prototype hunter-killers .
now she works directly under the general overseeing the revived skynet .
as skynet is already stirring and causing the international computer virus serena predicts brewster will get skynet online to combat it .
giving the ai all the power it needs to enact its takeover of the world and extermination of humanity .
john returns to the fight when following another blackout he and kate are attacked by several rogue soldiers exhibiting terminator-like behavior .
after a hectic highway pursuit sarah and dieter arrive to help .
the four as they travel to safety off-grid form a dysfunctional dynamic somewhat like rise of the machines or dark fate but with some differences .
john is disoriented by dieter 's resemblance to uncle bob still treasuring his memories of the terminator .
despite dieter 's cold and calculating nature he does his best to keep john at ease .
kate is incredulous at everything that 's happened and though she can look after herself as the daughter of a soldier it 's hard to process the literally apocalyptic stakes of her situation .
sarah is in a twisted way invigorated by the new mission .
that being to combat skynet again and prepare john for his destiny .
but john wants none of it desperately hoping there 's still a way to stop judgment day .
despite his trepidations john has become just as capable a fighter as his mother .
knowing that skynet is targeting john connor and anyone even loosely connected to him .
the group finds two new additions both of whom lost something in past conflict with the machines .
having lost one of his legs during the t-800 's rampage in 1984 hal has since joined dieter von rossbach in tracking any possible sign of a resurgence by skynet .
while he resents the connors for the death of his father he understands miles dyson gave his life for a good cause .
each of them has been designated a target by serena burns and sarah guesses in this new timeline they become valued members of the resistance .
after another close call with military-grade drones john does n't want kate put in any more danger .
he realizes that as the man who helped revive the skynet program kate 's father robert brewster might help shut it down .
while danny and kate agree the trio of hal sarah and dieter say it 's smarter just to stay alive and wait it out .
the argument escalates until john holds a gun to his head threatening to kill himself unless dieter helps them reach brewster .
here the argument over john 's destiny reaches a head and the paradox of his existence is touched upon .
harkening back to the time loop first established in the original film .
sarah reminds john how he even came to exist in the first place .
the fateful mission in 1984 when kyle reese and a t-800 both came back through time .
john 's mother and their cia ally have accepted that john and skynet are bound to a predestination paradox .
a time loop which guarantees that both john and skynet will always find a way to exist .
the war ends with both assassins and protectors sent back in time .
a frustrated john and and determined sarah are placated when kate explains that nuclear war or no her father is more help to them alive than dead .
after a journey to robert brewster 's operation at cyber research systems the team arrive in time to witness the activation of skynet .
aside from the immediate chaos that ensues with skynet starting its takeover the connors and their allies are able to rescue a crowd of workers and scientists .
the rescue sees john finally take a more active stance making decisions for himself and acting as the leader sarah knows he 'll become one day .
using some combat training she 's learned kate helps dieter and sarah bring down an aerial hk .
vukovich gives his life to save several innocents from a t-1 using a grenade to take it down with him .
as in rise of the machines a dying robert brewster directs his daughter and the others to the facility at crystal peak which john assumes to be skynet 's central core .
the group 's subsequent attempt to escape crs is waylaid by hostile machines and serena burns spots john connor himself .
her programming is then set to her final directive .
as kate and danny get the numerous refugees to safety the connors and dieter face off against serena .
the standoff is a more grounded confrontation against a seemingly more human '' threat compared to the past threats of the t-800 and t-1000 .
the fight ends with john taking up a piece of metal railing and violently bludgeoning his opponent .
serena is defeated but in a moment of hesitation john is left vulnerable and she wounds his face .
sarah shoots serena down finally putting an end to her but not before she says ominously we 'll meet again . ''
john knows it was n't serena talking to him but her creator .
the ai that 's already recognized him as its mortal enemy .
the group plants several explosives across crs aiming to destroy the complex and slow skynet down enough for them to escape .
having been injured dieter knows he 's delaying the others .
he tells sarah and john that he knows his fate '' at skynet 's hands .
but he wo n't allow himself to be made a lab rat .
he then whispers something to sarah giving her a piece of paper .
the survivors depart as dieter triggers a demolition of crs taking out enough of skynet 's machines to cover their escape .
but one of the hks is able to pick up a visual scan of dieter before it and he are both destroyed .
after a long flight the refugees make it to crystal peak .
but of course the facility is just a fallout shelter for important government personnel .
something dieter confided in sarah as per the note he left for her .
a distraught john breaks down raging at sarah for giving him false hope before she tells him what else dieter knew .
it 's been recreated as a program in cyberspace and ca n't be shut down .
more than that sarah 's mission above all else was always the life of her son .
kate tries to comfort john to little avail before a radio transmission from various army outposts shakes john out of his despair .
sarah and the rest watch as a tired john swallows his grief and answers the call .
kate takes john 's hand and danny and the various civilians he rescued give john an encouraging look .
the scene in the bunker comes to a somber end as does the film .
much like the ending to rise of the machines but with sarah narrating .
by the time skynet became self-aware it had spread into millions of computer servers across the planet .
the attack began that day just as we 'd predicted .
judgment day the day the human race was almost destroyed by the weapons they 'd built to protect themselves .
from that fateful night in 1984 i should have realized it was never our destiny to stop judgment day it was merely to survive it .
that about does it for my ideal terminator 3 .
again it goes without saying the iconic first two films can never be topped .
but i figured i 'd share my thoughts anyway .
and maybe i 'll move on in the future and cover the fourth film salvation .
in any case let me know your thoughts below !
and i 'll be back '' in a couple days with a continuation of my rewrites on fox 's wolverine films .
so i 've heard this instance with other songs as well but my example with be corb lunds i wan na be in the cavalry and stan rogers idiot i do n't know what it is called but they sound the same .
a loving facefuck might seem like an oxymoron on first glance but i believe it can absolutely be a thing .
the reason at least for me why facefucks are so enticing to a dominant man is because it is such a pure form of dominance an activity where a good girl gives over herself completely to be used by her chosen man .
it is also symbolic in that you are fucking her most precious thing the one thing that makes her human and gives her voice .
now in that there is a strain of degradation to the activity but i believe that is also why it is such a turn-on .
by letting herself be so degraded she is being utmost submissive .
and to me the fact that a good girl is willing to submit is a loving act which makes the fact of giving a loving facefuck a reality .
even if you are holding her head pulling her hair and calling her a good little slut .
if both parties have agreed to such a rough handling it is evidence of a deep trust between both parties .
the climax of her panting with recently regained breath as she leans back opens her mouth and lets her daddy 's cum spray all over her is then the crowning jewel in an act of mutual love and respect .
now it is of course important to note that this rough and pornographic act is one that needs to be conjoined with a counterpart a period of calm sensuality and safety .
where the good little slut can let go off herself after being used and just rest in her daddy 's care to be embrace eaten out or any other activity that makes her feel safe and loved .
this of course is what turns a lustful rough and primal facefuck from purely lustful to loving .
if you want to talk i am more than willing .
ok this is a question i was wanting to ask to anyone who knows the science part of how crypto coins are generated ...
this is a hypothetical thought i had ... say in this scenero i wanted to forge my own private ethereum ... and say i take the souce code for the ethereum project and build my own private server network and generate my own ethereum coins that are based on the current release code for code .
now say i take the said forged ethereum coin and transfer it to a hardware wallet then put it on another computer and sell it off to someplace like coinbase or pancake swap ... .
what code or existing tech behind the scenes deturmings if the forged coin is a valid coin or not ?
would someone actualy be able to sell that forged coin ?
and if so has someone nation state done this undetected already ?
it is my dream to record my stuff and put it out there .
i have been trying to record for about a year i have a good mic an audio technica and i think the quality of my recordings have gotten better .
the thing is when i use fiverr to have someone mix and master my shit it does not come out good .
i know part of this is on my end but it makes it difficult when the relationship on fiverr is send me the stems and i 'll send back a product. there 's no collab .
i 'm looking to work with someone to mix and master my stuff in an ongoing collaborative way .
give me feedback help me know how to achieve what i 'm trying .
i will of course compensate this person for their work .
if you 're interested at all please hit me up .
i 'm not trying to be famous but i want my visions for my music to come to life .
i 'm 26 and feel like time is slipping away .
r1 all characters are as they are now in their respective series
r2 all characters are in the prime of their strength
my great great grandmother made these for all of her great grandkids first children totally exposing myself as a baby lmao i was wondering if anyone could identify which it was made from since i personally crochet and it would be cool to know if we both were into the same craft .
for andrew more development taking accountability for his past actions learning to ask for forgiveness and making meaningful steps to doing so .
his character is soooo messed up from pushing kids to the stalking to breaking all boundaries but i still love the kid because he 's just trying to figure it out .
he 's making gross awful mistakes but that does n't he ca n't change .
obviously we have seen some growth but i feel like there 's a good redemption arc for my boy andy
nick gets a little bit social media famous and enjoys his viral fame before learning about the shitty parts of fame .
nick 's a brat in my opinion and would probably let viral fame get to his head faster than nick starr can orgasm to o-yeah
would have been interesting to see her date somebody her own age with their own set of relationship traumas .
they could learn to communicate and support each other through the good and bad .
jay let 's see jay get actual help for his adhd and messed up family !
the writers always allude to him realizing how messed up he is but instead of having him do something about it he just gets makeovers or fucks couches
and jay could also help matthew heal his relationship with his mom maybe when matthew realizes how lucky he is to have a mom that is not jay 's mom .
okay it 's late and i 'm running out of steam and clearly i could not write the show as well as the actual writers so i mean no disrespect to them these are just some of my personal thoughts ! !
if you could n't tell already i was a bit underwhelmed by the new season i know it was meant to be about family but it felt like i was being told that and it was n't really being shown to me
my grandma is putting a scrapbook together and has a section for the cars they all owned over the years .
this is the only one we 're missing and we 've got this one picture to go off of .
i 'm hoping there 's a king or queen out there that will take one look and instantly know lol but any help on this is super appreciated i 'd like to help her get this done .
the closest that i could find was a 1969 ford custom 500 but the tails from the picture look flush with the rear while the tails from the 500 look like they have those deeper areas to them .
i 'm sorry for the quality of the picture it 's the only one we 've had to work with .
has anyone done a mullet but instead of making the back wheel smaller they increase the size of the front ?
like going from a 26 to a 27.5 in front but keeping a 26 in the rear ?
assuming the fork is changed to accommodate the larger wheel
hi i have been living in the house about 18 months previously on a month to month basis where the lease was under someone else 's name .
the landlord had the lease holder evicted through the ltb because of some dispute and i with my housemates signed a lease document and gave it to the landlord with two month 's rent .
the landlord did not sign the lease document and changed their mind and is now constantly harassing us to leave .
they called the cops a couple of times and cops have said this is a civil matter but have asked us to leave at the end of the month .
the ll clearly negotiated in bad faith after having raised the rent by 1000 from the previous lease amount .
i am worried of being homeless in the winter and also loosing money that i have spent getting all the utilities under my name .
can the ll use the older eviction notice to get us evicted as they are threatening to do .
the house has empty rooms that we want to rent but are not sure of the situation now .
btw this is a 5 bedroom house with 3 people living .
a place for members of r/veryclearlyunhappy to chat with each other
please do n't be a dick and try to shove your way in front of those with wristbands in the pit .
those people who have wristbands earned their spot and camped all night/early morning for it .
i 've generally for as long as i remember suffered really bad with anxiety but in the last year or so thanks in part to therapy i 've made some progress in becoming more comfortable moving about the world and being less panicky at the thought of talking to people out in the world ...
i 'm not sure why but for the first time in a long time just felt slightly down .
i 've become better at reflecting and i could n't see why i felt like this but i know me well enough now bad moods pass just let this one go by and i 'll be back to myself .
i felt tired too which was fine sleep though the bad patch feel better in the morning and then carry on as i was .
except this morning i wake up and i feel something i have n't ever before the thought of getting out of bed is just too much .
i just do n't feel i have the energy to face the world today like my quilt weighs 100 pounds .
it 's annoying since there 's things i want to get done but that first step of starting the day just seems out of reach .
i do n't know what to make of it having moved so much forward in this last year this almost feels like a massive set back .
the strange bit like last night i ca n't pinpoint why i feel this way .
... to expend effort and energy to try and win over something that you already have .
it only becomes a gamble when you chose to hold on to the 3 aces in your hand in hopes to get the 4th ... just to be sure .
your odds of winning are better if you just lay your cards down for all to see instead of fearing the favorable results of the unknown .
so my building was built in 1913 and it 's pretty old .
anyways ... there are two sockets in my living room area that randomly stops working — there has n't been a rhyme or reason for it .
the top sockets work without a switch and the bottoms work with a wall switch .
when the sockets stop working the ones that are on the switch circuit do not work either .
also a lot of other electrical things happen around my place .
my master bedroom my lamp seem to flicker when the ac cuts on or when something else that is plugged in not exclude to the same socket cuts on .
often when my dryer cuts on my lamp in the living room flickers .
i have raised the concern with maintenance but i am met with the same dismissal every time .
i am considering hiring a electrician myself and billing the leasing office .
should i consider the possibility of an electrical fire ?
astazi vom upadata noi infomatii pentru articolul ce descrie valoarea garantiei auto in serviciul de rent a car https rent-4u.ro/cat-trebuie-sa-fie-garantia-auto-in-serviciul-de-rent-a-car https rent-4u.ro/cat-trebuie-sa-fie-garantia-auto-in-serviciul-de-rent-a-car
it operations management in boise https criadvantage.com/service-now/it-operations-management from cri advantage https criadvantage.com enables you to effectively manage your it infrastructure 's performance availability and capacity .
with itom you can monitor the performance of your it infrastructure in real time and identify and resolve issues before they impact your business .
we help you manage all aspects of your it infrastructure .
to know in detail call us at 208 343-9192 now or visit our website .
do any of you trim your polish tophats so they can see ?
420 friendly and im also down to earth😊 down to verify and not here for any bs dont be shy hmu love
i 'm going to school for construction management going to become a field engineer when i graduate .
i 'm basing this off my friends salary who did the same as me he is making 90k first year california .
when you consider 60 hour weeks on average and after taxes it comes out to just over 20 dollars an hour .
my friends have basic hostess/cashier/waitress jobs and are making 27-30 dollars an hour tips .
am i the only one that thinks this is crazy that they are getting paid so much compared to construction pay ?
i 've seen the full image and it fits .
it 's just they made the card out of proportion which ruined it .
we had a small wedding there 50 people max and it has a lovely english garden in the spring and summer .
the most common ethnic origins for americans are in order germans mexicans irish then english .
it should be a check that background is in a range of whites and text is in a range of black .
not really much good reason to use colorful fonts or backgrounds in a resume .
your post has been automatically removed because you failed to include the required selling tag in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sniffingknickers if you have any questions or concerns .
i was like wtf then remembered i was on oddlyspecfic
i can smash the regular pull-up but i found kipping very difficult .
i loved crossfit for the time i did it .
i think it receives a lot of unjustified hate .
it got me back to military fitness standards in 2 months .
why are those long rectangular cardboard boxes that are popular for storage like 3-4 euros each ?
they seem to be priced like that everywhere is n't it literally just foldable cardboard am i crazy ?
interesting that you think a degree in math makes you think you know everything about your bible .
i know what i know because i was in the christian cult .
if you feel insulted by what i said look in the mirror with your book .
i feel insulted that someone not only thinks this fairy tale book is real who was educated with my tax money but also willingly follows a book that puts down women .
there are thousands of religions around the world yours is no more correct than islam buddhism hinduism satanism or paganism .
be insulted its the first step of realizing your an idiot
so many that the republican platform is in fact anti-american and in opposition to the republic .
anti-republic sentiment is the actual position of the republican party and all people who claim to be republicans protecting democracy are rino 's .
your idea of the right wing is not current .
yeah and what i found looks cheaper but i do n't know anything about cars so i thought i 'd ask here 😃
refs should n't be making make up '' calls .
the should be focused on making the correct call and not influencing the game .
lets just play one of our scrummies on the wing i ca n't with davids anymore
ja also wenn alles zusammen bricht kann man mit dem goldbarren feindliche leute bewerfen oder so ...
yes to both those questions there 's t and c 's but do n't cover what happens if they ca n't work
this method rewards significantly less than if you engage in pvp ''
people keep saying here do n't leave the keys in the ignition '' ...
some cars have remote start meaning if the key fob in in close range someone can both open a locked door and also start the car .
of course when the key is out of range the car will shut off .
so even if she locked her doors which i hope she did the perps could still open the door and get away .
this is n't a steak where you want it to be on the rarer side .
it 's a joint which has a lot of connective tissue that does n't break down until it reaches 82c and stays there so you still had a long way to go .
think of pulled pork it gets to 95c to be super tender .
was literally about to do that then remembered that u know it will make me puke
maybe you feel obligated to have a friendship with her for your parents but they have to know how fucking toxic she is with you cut all ties with her bc she 's just a insecure bitch that feel powerful bc you are her doormat even if you were good friends before that that does n't excuse her behaviour towards you
believe me when i say you will feel so much better without her in your life
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cuteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
is that john forgerty sitting in the chair having a laugh ?
while the extreme side of this is emotional vacancy/unavailability/avoidance of feelings ...
i find that my partner has a level of fortitude and acceptance about life that contrasts my tendency to overthink and panic when things get difficult .
he is very good at working things out without putting a lot of emotion into it which has been really valuable for me during a crisis or when i 've gotten hurt broken arm deep cut in my hand or confused about where to start with a problem .
he is a really great problem solver and does n't feed into any catastrophic thinking i might have about a situation ... while also being compassionate and understanding .
ugh ... you know gasai this is a meme post talking about tigran el petrosian not tigran vee petrosian ?
on tuesday 's show ken announced amy as the winner .
was this just taped when no one was in the audience to hear it ?
i read this book so many times i specifically remember powering through car sickness instead of putting it down like an absolute 8 year old nut .
psa people have died from the fumes of burning flags and i do n't imagine russian flags are made from high quality materials .
okay i 'm pretty sure it has something to do with file editing but how 'd you get a 381mm gun in sprocket ?
i guess i just do n't really trust touch trades .
i will be messaging you in 7 days on 2022-12-02 18:11:00 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2022-12-02 2018:11:00 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https www.reddit.com/r/fashionreps/comments/z4dpz1/find_extremely_cheap_good_quality_aj4_black_cats/ixr7nvo ? context=3
click this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2ffashionreps 2fcomments 2fz4dpz1 2ffind_extremely_cheap_good_quality_aj4_black_cats 2fixr7nvo 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202022-12-02 2018 3a11 3a00 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
looking a bit like a bigger reddish but without the inconsistency/focus issues .
does n't have the explosiveness to be compared to a young paul george but his j is looking much better than advertised .
seems like a sure-fire top-10 guy with top-5 potential .
i want to see how whitmore looks before dropping him .
on another note i think jaden bradley from bama is underrated .
he 's having to share time with a ton of pgs but he 's looked better than most of the other 5-star frosh pgs despite playing super unselfishly .
strong shifty good vision and has creativity as well .
first seen here https redd.it/vkfix4 on 2022-06-25 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' z4k0jk '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=z4k0jk samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/b_cups if you have any questions or concerns .
people would be so much happier if they gave less thought to canon
i 've never seen this kind of thing before and even i could tell what tv and fm means i 'll admit i was a bit surprised there was even a need for an fm plug of all things and what they 'd be used for .
i 'm a kraken fan and was at the game .
i was bummed that there was only one hat !
i would 've considered tossing mine but i did n't wear one that night .
regardless of the team a hatty is no mean feat .
both d squads we snoozing and each goalie came up big a few times despite the crazy score .
if you want to be mauled asap you need to play the odds .
i was imagining him trying to pull like 2 foot long cheesesteaks a 6 pack and some fries magically out of a bag but the grill would really put that over the top .
i feel like there should be photos of these shenanigans like the photos of people playing chess on roller coasters .
it looks like an off color concealer on my skin on my hand but it 's straight orange on my face
usually protest signs look like a four year old with a glass eye did them .
there are no us politicians willing or able to take a step in the right direction .
the things you 'd have to do are wildly unpopular .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cuteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
a hint request command could have been implemented atreus come ... find a way forward .
we must train your mind as well as your emotions . ''
or something make it sound like kratos knows the way forward but wants boi to figure it out
yta yes the hugging and picking up of the boyfriend is a little atypical but it 's nice that they have a good mother son relationship .
i would n't try to change that or you will alienate your boyfriend .
re the parents job opinion i would n't read too deeply into it .
they gave their opinion but it 's up to your parents what they choose to do .
for norwegian food we have restautant söl fisketorget spiseriet and renaa matbaren .
also there is re-naa tango and k2 but these 3 are very expensive .
if you want something other than norwegian food there is alot of good options i would just eat somewhere in pedersgata then alot of good ones there .
yes her kids will probably do very well but it 's nice to see her not have to worry about where her next meal is coming from .
just so you know you do n't have to manually give the gif url if it is in a parent comment or the post .
report an issue https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=pmdevita subject=gifreversingbot 20issue message=add a link to the gif or comment in your message 2c i 27m not always sure which request is being reported .
sorry i do n't want to live in a country where the crime rate is ridiculously high .
search dragon\_dawn find the alliance with the exact name then join this discord https discord.gg/pc5wgs9y https discord.gg/pc5wgs9y
just ca n't come up with a reason why kafka would just stop calling rollouts when it worked so well .
if stacking dimensions exist all of em everything exist past present and future all at once we are the past we are the future we are now .
how else are hedge fund gon na manipulate the market after hours
as always the margaret episode and the cool but not well known historical event/person episode .
this phone is probably so tainted with malware and such
yea i do n't know about that for everyone .
ok even if we use your logic is n't it still bad ?
like you are taking the money which was made by exploiting underpaid workers for yourself .
if you give it back to them that 's another story
i just came back on here and saw literally 1000s ?
omg now i feel embarrassed glad i went anonymous lol .
but seriously ... i 'm looking at my screen and am like ... .i 'm famous ?
seriously though ... my husband and his mom are extremely upset with me .
he still thinks it was ridiculous and is demanding an apology before she goes back to her home .
i 'm not sure if i will apologize because yes while it was a me problem '' that i could n't use the lock .
it 's still feels wrong what she did and maybe i 'm wrong too but at least i got so did you apparently lol a bit of a chuckle out of it 😅🤣 also i 'm sure thanksgiving dinner will hella awkward tomorrow .
never found what that she 's cheating on you how you know she 's cheating on you ? ?
they were rumours and pics like tom visiting her fam in thanksgiving and trips with the fam .
they were definitely together but never public probably on and off
when pediatricians flat out refuse to see a kid for anything at all if the parent does n't agree to the cdc vaccine schedule you get these results .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwgirl if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you can find many creators of the game if you look back to the april test i 'm sure many more will join us as we move forward !
although i do try to find the delicious sauce i 'm not always helpful !
if you know the source please provide the name of the artist in the title of your post and/or link it in the comments !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rule34gay if you have any questions or concerns .
pull the shifter boot off and have a poke around for starters
well miami was also hit with a nuclear bomb and it 's good nowadays
yup if you 're referring to miami in gotham season 4 which pennyworth is a prequel too then you would be correct .
just pointing this extra detail out for the people here unfamiliar with that factoid .
i missed the part about them getting back together .
noo ithibk ur posts r actauly rly relatable idk why i fond u scary😭
drake looks like jimmy from degrassi and no one can tell me otherwise .
you can have empathy for someone and not want a relationship with them .
someone in another response said my analogy was bad .
hindi worth it ituloy ang relationship if it 's toxic kahit masarap ang sex .
it will drive you mad and can be a recipe for abuse .
i contemplated on having a fwb setup but decided against it tinikman ko na lang siya one last time .
then all pit bull owners who have a history of dogs that attack people or animals .
should not be aloud to own any pit bull breed .
and coolest part imo once enough materials are mined and enough cells are in circulation mining for those materials will slow down a lot as depending on the battery structure up to 99 of it can be recycled .
i believe the virginity tests are just seeing if the hymen is intact
y'know the little stretchy bit of skin that often moves out of the way in sex can regrow and can break doing the splits or something similar
lol look at the wall of text he sent again .
he will eventually kill someone of significance and then you 'll have no problem hating him .
how much here a third word someone with degree starts with 86900¥ per month i do n't know if is much but here is n't enough also the inflation here is always high currently in 8.7
is anyone else with an rtx 4090 getting nvlddmkm errors ?
ive had it since ive gotten the card not sure if its recent drivers or the card itself .
i can play games just fine but when i alt f4 mw2 or fh5 it crashes my pc and then resets to desktop
i 'd pull the roof apart and make shingles out of cereal boxes .
will look far better and be soooooooo much easier to paint .
there actually is a very diverse variety of relationship types in the broad relationship spectrum between non-monogamous aromantic and asexual relationships also known as friendships and monogamous romantic and sexual relationships in another words i think that you may have together a quasi/queer-platonic relationship casual relationship either a friendship with benefits or a friendship with additions wavership relationship that is fluid between different types or a multiamorous relationship when there is a non-monogamous relationship but the individuals involved have different types of relationships between each other but on another hand you could quoting the singer named tove lo let 's not put a name on it let 's keep it fun '' .
ultimately relationship structures configurations types and even commitments can be as fluid as feelings can be you better remember that it is absolutely okay to change how you approach your ways of socially relating to other individuals in another words organize and structure your social life as a whole however feels more comfortable to you .
instead of trying to find a label to name your intimate network you could also call that by that if you can not find a better label name i highly recommend as suggested by another comment to have an honest conversation between the three of you together for you to find an agreement between the boundaries wants needs and expectations of the three of you .
or i get lucky and the idle does n't change lmao
most if its answers seemed like it did n't know anything about fred 's usual lines .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 2 hours so your post has been removed per rule 11 https www.reddit.com/r/femboys/about/rules .
please wait 2 hours before submitting a new post .
just got my first toy and pair of thigh highs 🤤 vids on my of link in comments r/femboys/comments/z3zsjn
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffemboys .
thanks for the kind offer stranger but we found one !
we 'll need a lot more snow for creekside ski out which i 'm guessing would only be franz 's which does n't cross under the new gondi .
i assumed they were pointing out nami because they just made a similar post a couple hours ago .
holy shit i thought i was the only one do we need to touch sand man ?
u/learningalone we recommend setting up your user flair https imgur.com/a/wgfqzbw so we can give you advice that 's best suited for you .
you can also reply to this comment ! flair '' followed by the information you want to include for example ! flair 80 ovr ranked bronze .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mlb_9innings if you have any questions or concerns .
whatever the troll farm is paying you theyre not getting their money 's worth .
i 'd also watch a tiktok if you do decide to make one i think there 's a way to only have it viewable through link if you do n't want to make a completely public one
ditto music is the worst they are slow they answer you when they think they should answer you if there is any issues at all they will ban you lock you out of you account not give you any options and take all your stuff down they are absolutely not worth it they wont even put covers up for you they will fight you instead of fighting with you they are the worst company to release music in the internet
there are people who are not accommodating or accepting converts .
but guys remember they clearly are n't racist or sexist they have a girl and a a diverse set of races in this comic !
your issue may be because of the trailing slash on each proxy_pass line .
if you have a slash at the end every request is changed to just ' ' instead of what you requested from nginx .
so 'domain.com/things.stuff ' becomes 'localhost:5555 ' instead of 'localhost:5555/things.stuff '
it 's probably you decompression valve on the cam .
wonder what gear guard enabled uses in an average setting .
i dunno sounds to me like 4'33 '' by john cage
hoping that they come out with a tent fairing like victory did .
companies like aldi that do this save money on not having as many employees and not having carts damaged and stolen .
the money they save is reflected in their lower prices .
i 'm still stuck on finding a thing in the corruption and killing something bigger to get the attention of the dryad for him
so potentially but my concern is that he would only be able to reverse the power gained attack gerard again and he would come back simply that much stronger .
unfortunately for uryu only one of them is immortal at the end of the day .
best nfl thanksgiving i 've seen in a while .
usually the games are pretty boring on this day .
at this point for youtube on discord i 'd use a small music bot or selfhosted my own
probably a dumb question this sounds awesome but is there like an expected date it would be playable
30 seconds from now all of the sudden fortunate son starts blaring .
a fan in the stand yells what the hell is that a ladder rope falls out of an auburn helicopter lane jumps on .
making her flail act like ashes coach gun when hitting the ground but acting as it is now when hitting an enemy .
i think doing this would give her the ability to maneuver around safely and chasing targets around corners saving her shield bash for that juicy damage rather than as her only escape .
and i do n't see it in the picture so the star wars reference is a great coincidence unless i 'm blind .
and bearizona is there which i love to go to .
and then if you go further north it 's awesome by the az/utah border as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freeonlyfanspromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
big shot to jj on first down do it kirk !
i 'm a high school teacher and it 's exhausting .
she leaves work and she still has to catch up on grading lesson plans ... you 're vastly underestimating her workload plus she 's taking care of the kids making dinner and taking care of the house .
i am only a with mashed potatoes corn gravy and a little cranberry sauce .
literally i was just thinking about that well great minds do think alike 💀
i 'll have you eating dessert for two within the hour .
no need for me to ever watch a monty python movie because of how incessantly my college friends quoted them
hymns are a specific form of song tied to christianity .
i always thought it was just to one up p and kourt 's page .
also lol at how kim put her name first but kourtney put her daughter first
i grew up in a village and when i settled in a city i realized that there are so many divorcees here .
75966-1 hogwarts room of requirement https brickset.com/sets/75966-1 photo https images.brickset.com/sets/images/75966-1.jpg
schedule it to send the gift after christmas then change the date when you know .
there is no text in the body of your post .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission confirms to all the rules listed in the sidebar .
click here once to request re-approval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnosleep subject=please+approve+my+submission message=i+would+like+to+request+the+approval+of+my+submission+at 0a 0a+/r/nosleep/comments/z431ik/the_person_who_became_my_bestfriend_in_college 0a 0a 0a 0a+my+submission+was+pulled+for+having+no+text+in+the+body. 0a 0a+i've+read+the+sidebar+and+made+all+suitable+corrections+to+comply+with+the+rules .
the re-approval is manual so send a single request only .
multiple requests do not mean faster approval in fact they will clog the modqueue and result in re-approvals taking even more time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nosleep if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i just played the entire mcc collection on an i7 7700k igpu .
i 'm mostly spending money on raspberrypi s and related stuff when i can find them ... ugh and building a personal cloud .
i am pretty sure i will get a gpu this time though with having a decent amount of components and not needing to buy any peripherals getting a 27 '' 1440hz monitor hand-me-downed cause i got my mom a killer 32 '' 4k for her xmas present i have 3-400 for a gpu .
the xfx 6750xt has had my eye for price/performance depending on weekly sales for a month or so now but with not really needing it i 'm content to see what the new midrange amd cards look like in the early part of the year .
i really just want to play red dead 2 with a high framerate .
i 've had nothing capable of doing it justice since it came out and red dead 1 was one of my all time favorite games .
i may even play the mcc collection again at 20 fps lmao .
i had everything on potato settings cause honestly i 'm gameplay graphics so i got through ok but it was rough in some parts .
funnily enough the later games ran smoother i assume due to better optimation and halo 2 could n't be turned off or it would glitch and never work until i reinstalled the entire mcc again which at like ... 140gb was annoying as fuck .
comments for this post as with all posts on this sub are locked .
this is a lifestyle sub for meeting not a sub for showing off .
please message op directly https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=improvementperfect35 instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/texasswingers if you have any questions or concerns .
to avoid being dismembered by angry man eating taxi drivers ... joke aside taxi drivers could get aggresive if they spot an uber driver
do n't forget his teeedies nipples look like women breast .
in this day and age ... .one never knows .
do n't forget that 's it 's also possible to make someone so scared of how they 'll be treated by trying to be themselves/happy that they instead do things that progressively make them uncomfortable and depressed because the alternative is some redneck seeing them raging then murdering them then proceeding to walk free
see more posts from this shoot on my daily reddit https www.reddit.com/r/hairybearmuscledaddy
i wish i could post the best song in the world but there 's only a tribute .
it 's a simple clip on tie one of my grandfathers gave it to me along with several other actual ties .
slipping on the turf does n't equal a block in the back .
and you 're also more fun when you 're drunk
any chance you are in the dfw area so i can walk by and wave at you kitty op ?
if you spool in and reuse the film can kodak puts into the funsaver disposables kodak max 800 gt a.k.a .
lomo color negative 800 you even get around 40-42 exposures since it 's actually advertised as a 39 picture film plus it has a bit of extra leader .
yeah we had a transformer 2000 watt and it sparked and melted so we bought a 3000 watt one same brand and sparks came out .
not a big fan of those plus do n't like the melting wire smell .
ngl i thought this was gon na be a small hole and a lot of blood .
sometimes you do n't have to go at the beginning but as a grown ass woman if i say drink a coke at lunch 45 mins later i am bursting for a pee .
yes some kids will goof off but its unneccescarily cruel to the others .
and the reason 14 year old me had to walk around school with a sweater tied around my waist when my pad leaked because a teacher would n't let me go to the bathroom .
i was recommended that brand by my employer but have read about their outsourcing to china and have seen concerns about quality .
i 'm willing to pay those prices but not if its just for the branding .
so that 's really understandable i would also keep in mind that dtw is lowkey one of the most connected airports in the us and the world .
more likely we see a final trailer for cc reunion since it comes 5 days later .
if you think obama is a monster i do n't know why we are arguing it 's not like i ever said he was the very worst president that dishonourable designation goes to woodrow i resurrected the kkk and re-segregated the country wilson ...
that 's food of the gods level stuff right there .
have a bite on my behalf if you 're willing and not too full op .
still does n't make him good just because his dad was
they have extended their lease as of yesterday through 2024 .
they are not cutting their funding but they need to find a new location
why is my post removed instantly after i pressed the post '' button ?
the blue color makes your cock even more sexy.makes me really want to lick and kiss so i can tease and coax your cum out
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/6hmbkonu822a1.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
i see this happens the most amongst sprout tanks .
for some reason they always want to main tank and will provoke the boss off you for no reason .
so throughout all of this you notice how the danger is always cars hitting someone right ?
regardless of fault the conflict is a car hitting something else .
this is exactly why the city did the complete streets guide and why we should be reducing car dependency in general .
forest fires the airplane with a lot of canadians shot down etc
more importantly than tires since where i live in a very snowy region of the us most people still use all seasons is the road crews .
you get 5-6 inches of snow here and they have it at least plowed if not also salted in a couple of hours .
you get 5-6 inches of snow in texas they do n't have the capacity and readiness for plow services .
everyone owns a giant pickup truck but no one owns a damn snow plow .
there was a snow storm here last week that was pretty bad and caused a massive pileup on the freeway so it is n't like we 're immune to it though .
you 'd think people would be more ready when it snows 4 months a year .
i dont know anything about photoprism but you can mount the same folder in two i presume docker containers .
although nextcloud will change the permissions on its data folders so that only the user 33 and the root user can access it .
i guess you could run photoprism as user 33 too but i dont know if that is as secure .
because they have n't learned to process they are focused on getting the correct answers but not on the why and how of problem solving to arrive at the answer .
why the fuck are you still in the market 🤦‍♂️
is that supposed to be stuffing to the left of the cornbread ?
seen you before on here and think you are more sexy every time i see you keep posting we all love it .
boobs are great but that cheeky smile does it for me .
and why does a western oriented philosophy get to dictate what is and what is not humanitarian ?
they added a lot of new city 's in the northern part of norway in 2.62 and 2.63
my lily white ass broke a number of wooden spoons
corporate wants you to spot the difference between this post and any other r/wowcirclejerk post .
curious about how to set your rates and how much to charge a client ?
consider reading through the rates guide on the subreddit wiki https www.reddit.com/r/freelancewriters/wiki/setting_rates for information about freelance writer rates !
this comment is a courtesy and does not mean your post has been removed !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freelancewriters if you have any questions or concerns .
just might be able to build one for the holidays now 😎
because then the bag seals off the cavity in the turkey for your test measurement and the actual oil level will be too low
id agree in any other context but songs of ascent is different i feel since theyve been working on this shit forever and their description of it sounds way more interesting than soi/soe
i love that he 'll say he is whatever credential needed and his base is just like obviously this is true
so much intelligence from the do your own research crowd .
stole all that wealth from the country and he remains unpunished .
my dad wasnt the best i had to learn alot on my own due to his lack of understanding on a few critial things .
but what he did teach me was how to clean and take care of a home for myself alone .
as an adult i see how rare that skill is and it has served me well .
ive accomplished alot on my own and most men/women are impressed when they see it .
he also was a good example of self sacrifice .
i do n't think he did it for the healthiest reasons ... but it really helps now when i realize how much emotional pain he had masked from us growing up .
all i see are a bunch of kkk slave catchers harassing a black man north of the mason–dixon line .
o que vc usaria pra um beck fino em cada porção um pouco mais de quiser comer porções menores .
se for fazer brownie conta tipo 0.3g 0.5g por pedaço o thc vai chapar o dobro do que chapa fumando .
lembra que quanto maior a proporção de manteiga vc usa mais bem distribuído o thc fica então se for usar uma receita que vai bastante manteiga ele vai distribuir melhor a brisa entre todos no caso de você compartilhar .
ps uma dica importante que eu esqueci de dar é fazer uma receita normal sem maconha ou deixar a sua receita não mt gostosa pq dps que vc chapa e a larica bate vc entra em um ciclo de comer mais e mais até acabar a parada e quando bate vc vai de berço .
o meu primeiro brisadeiro não tava tão gostoso e msm assim eu quase passei do ponto com ele pq não tinha outra larica perto
bin absolut kein ag unterstützer aber 400 ist gehalt mehr im monat bonus ist finde ich zu heftig .
dann fange ich halt den job nicht an wenn im vertrag kein bonus implementiert ist und das gehalt mir so gar nicht passt .
klar muss die inflation ausgeglichen werden aber es wirkt für mich ein bisschen als würden sie die momentane stimmung ausnutzen wollen und schießen etwas übers ziel hinaus .
yeah i 've worked kitchens and seen some of the behaviour at 5 hygiene rating kitchens so i dread to think what 's happening south of 3
i was out in the woods and i just got done getting my ass stuffed with a bunch of dildos by my butt buddy sal !
anyways i really had to take a leak so i started pissing on sal .
sal was like oohh yeaaaaaahhhhh '' and uh ... god damnit do i have to tell the rest ? ? ?
old brick dries out and begins to wick water more than newer bricks .
may be as simple as sealing the exposed brick .
nice to see donna 's kids have her back on reddit .
if there were groups playing soccer in baseball in the park and she 's singled out the black kid .
then took the picture of the child and posted it to her facebook page .
i have called by-law and will stand here until they come ...
i will follow him home if i have to . ''
if you think posting a photo of a minor to social media and threatening to follow them home is ok behavior please let me know where you live so i can assure my children will never come to your neighborhood .
as punishment trustees voted to ban blackburn from sitting on multiple ocdsb committees for a six-month period and recommended she resign .
she even mentioned the school that the kid goes to .
it 's not about making sure you get the same amount that you give .
it 's about giving and not worrying about receiving .
you 're using it to target and hurt someone less fortunate over 15 30 frickin ' dollars .
you should wear agrinch costume when you hand out the gifts
i ca n't believe give made me understand what mom means about putting christ back in christmas .
a great song that also happened to change the face of rock and roll forever .
my second choice would be thunder road by bruce springsteen .
resurgence made rebirth closer to a traditional mp than a br .
up until the resurgence closed there was virtually no downside to dying .
this sub is for approved and verified original content oc only .
any user who is not approved and verified with the mod team will have their post removed by the bot
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/younggirlsgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
your post was removed because you have less than 50 karma
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukrainewarvideoreport if you have any questions or concerns .
well it 's easier to discriminate when you walk in the door and they can see you and just say we are n't hiring or throw your application in the trash than it is when you fill out a form online ...
or with 2 each the last 2 years at both geneva and gstaad comprising the totality of 250 tournaments in switzerland
it 's a good list but i ca n't make myself agree with it
having an emotional reaction to a building repurposed 600 years ago is not normal
wait karma can actually be used for something in reddit ?
i thought they were just the amount of likes '' that you have .
i tried il2 great battles via parallels 18 yesterday on my macbook air m2 10/10 24 gb ram .
works pretty well but overheats cpu and gpu even at low graphics presets .
looks like it should work perfect on the systems with active cooling .
if anthony watson can stay fit and keep playing well through the winter he 'd be a huge addition back into england 's six nations squad
sinu mid-high diff most likely high diff since seokdu is a tank .
coming is good some tiles got the message service unavailable '' .
the arbitrary line is in reference to a toe drag .
that heel is coming down eventually and it 's going to be out of bounds .
if i can succeed on that part i can definitely say that i can clear any level 29 master chart .
in any case i feel like alternators have aged very poorly and are n't much fun to handle .
they 're very kibbly and do n't have that much poseability in most cases .
tracks hound/swindle and the datsun bros are probably the best of the bunch .
vehicle modes are fucking rad though tracks ' corvette mode is especially gorgeous
i dont censor it all the time just when i feel like it .
i mean yes your current form is only as good as your ... current form .
it does not mean that eg has had a 'not so stellar couple of years ' .
you sound like the type of person who calls people of other races that live up to your imaginary standards the good ones '' your disgusting i hope he leaves you .
she has some really lovely qualities lots of potential for the future !
there is a shape called a helper disk '' that you can use .
nice try but video cameras are less than 100 years old .
i tried like 9 or 10 different hosts and their user experience and price just was the best for me .
unlimited storage and in-depth analytics combined with a low price and quick to respond customer support team and i was able to get my podcast online in under 5 minutes .
and now i 'm hosting my podcast with them and am a proud brand ambassador for the company as well .
i felt like buzzsprout charged too much for similar offerings as did many other hosts libsyn was a pain in the rear in terms of functionality especially now that they have changed to libsyn 5 i preferred 4 !
and just a bunch of other factors contributed to the decision to use rss.com https rss.com instead .
i knew anchor was free but it bugged me that they take so much of a percentage if you use their advertising feature and when i was considering hosts a couple of years back they also made it pretty hard to get an rss feed let alone easily switch hosts .
that was a long-winded way of saying i prefer rss for a lot of reasons haha and am so glad i went with them .
if i get enough upvoting i might try and translate/subtitle the trailer of the second season from spanish into english
lol yeah its should be 5 a stop and 4 a mile to he even remotely good .
have you accepted that jesus is lord and savior ?
when you have these urges temptations concerns and thoughts .
capture them and hand them in prayer seeking escape .
ask him if there is anything not of him that it be rebuked and removed from your life .
hi i hope this is appropriate for a stand alone post please delete otherwise .
i posted this to r/askembryologists but it occurred to me there 's a lot of researchers in this sub would love to hear your thoughts experiences .
i am researching clinics and heard about mss microfludic sperm selection .
it got me wondered what other sperm selection methodologies are out there .
my partner has poor quality sperm i do n't have the exact numbers handy pretty low motility .
here 's what i found so far this morning ... internet research on ivf is hard without a science degree !
swim up setting swimming challenges bot sure if some of the other techs below fit into this bucket .
annexin v macs columns a mechanism that has the capacity to facilitate the elimination of useless or defect-bearing cells .
zymot relies on the sperm actively swimming through the membrane filter in the chip demonstrating motility .
ive heard that many clinics refuse to offer this though including my old one
dgc based on the capacity of motile spermatozoa to progress through a gradient of density constituted by colloidal particles during centrifugation
mss/mchss reduces treatment times and physical damage induced by centrifugation microfluidic sperm sorting mfss chip devices have been developed for selecting motile sperm for use in art .
sperm are sorted on the basis of their ability to swim across the streamline into the medium stream and hence only motile sperm are recovered .
great informative answer from an embryologist over on that sub
i like the inclusiveness of the mw tarot but the art work does nothing for me .
i just bought the heaven and earth tarot and while i love the art work i ca n't stand the vanilla representation .
me m33 looking to get my own place for the first time but also would like to meet someone and have a serious relationship etc .
i 'm in the good position where i can get either or house/flat just wondering does it make any difference in dating perspective etc .
house to me means more overheads etc but it is a better investment long term .
i like the idea of a nice new flat and would be much easier to maintain .
a relative of mine pointed out that maybe a partner would feel like there are moving into my place or if they already had there own place how would we do this would we both sell etc etc .
they also said one of the journeys in a relationship is buying a house together which i get and would happily sell or keep this property and rent out if things got that far .
again go check out max niessl on youtube aswell !
i remember being 8 years old and before going to the appointment my mother would always tell me if you do n't lose weight they 'll lock you in hospital '' i tried to starve myself so i could avoid going to the hospital .
i 'm 22 years old and have the same weight had when i was 10 and my doctor called me overweight .
i ca n't identify it all i know is its very good 😂
i 'm usually a nintendo person but i decided that i should give this thing a try since i 've been playing a handful of pc games recently .
the only issue i 'm having is progressing along the linear path and then being blocked from back tracking .
one issue is not being able to swing back across a grapple point that clearly looks like i 'd be able to swing back across maybe a bug idk .
a big improvement would be some type of visual language that says hey if you pass this point you ca n't return or maybe something that signifies an optional path bonus content not necessarily on the path to the goal .
i 've played many linear games before where your pretty much anticipate a cut scene will happen if i climb up something open a door etc .
it 's just very abrupt and this has happened twice to me so far .
kind of bummed i 'm missing out on some content .
cracked bottom of feet https denielfootandanklecenter.com/cracked-heels are a particular issue throughout the winter .
our skin becomes dry even in houston where the humidity is high .
additionally open-toed footwear like sandals that attract dust and dirt onto our feet makes them even more dry .
pain bleeding and cracked feet https denielfootandanklecenter.com/cracked-heels-2 may result from this .
this poses a risk to diabetics since it raises the possibility of developing a foot infection .
first of all he is never seen actually speaking and his vocals have abrupt pauses like that of ai and certain words are said only a little but quite noticeably different
today i 'm sharing an interview with amy g. shared on a vk group known as dracula .
love story desert rose kr link of this page https vk.com/fireflies.romanceclub https vk.com/fireflies.romanceclub contains nsfw
we are very happy that you decided to get in touch with us .
the mood is working-fighting if you lie to tell the truth a twitching eye and bags under the eyes .
perhaps let 's start with how the release of the story went for you .
what emotions did you experience did you read the reviews ?
the release was nervous because i 'm a terrible perfectionist and i 'm never satisfied with myself but when i saw a really large number of positive reviews i was to put it mildly shocked .
i am not a very emotional person but unexpectedly even shed a tear .
for the first time i came across a program code and no matter how hard i tried to tame this wild beast it somehow overcame me after the test i finally realized that somewhere it could have been done better more smoothly etc .
but my previous editorial experience in the media played the worst joke on me .
i remember that my mentor asked me not to forget about the emotional coloring of the signs and not to spare exclamations ?
because of some of the technicalities in a visual novel you absolutely have to give the character some sort of line in order to be shown .
if there is no replica you have to get out with signs which i did .
however i took into account my mistakes i think that in the future we will already do without these insidious little things .
sorry we ca n't keep silent d there is a theory going around in the fandom that amy g. is actually emilia green the author of romance novels .
i heard theories about emilia but i 'm not emilia and not even green .
i 'm a separate living person with my emotions mistakes mistakes etc .
we hope that now the questions will disappear how long did it take to develop the skeleton '' of the desert rose ?
i joined the cd team in january but at that time due to personal circumstances i could not start working .
the leader gave me time and i returned with ready-made ideas closer to the summer .
of these we have chosen one the one you are currently playing
it turns out that you have been in the cd team for almost a year already ?
did you have experience working on visual novels before the romance club ?
i have been writing since childhood participated in competitions worked as a journalist editor later moved to the most related field .
so while i 'm stuffing bumps and stepping on a rake periodically scolding myself very much .
was it difficult to get into a new system for you a path ?
it 's difficult because i 'm used to writing bookishly and in vn you need to remember about the line limit about code forks and much more i had to simplify the syllable .
working on documents for artists because sometimes i 'm too meticulous about it .
i am a pure humanist so the program code has become a real test but every day i get used to this favorite more and more and it seems that our relationship is starting to improve .
in my favorite yard there was a humpbacked horizontal bar a kind of slide with crossbars and a descent .
my brothers and sisters liked to move on weight with the help of their hands but my hands were weak it did n't work out .
to pass this horizontal bar just like everyone else was my goal .
every day i tried to hold on rearrange my weak hands brought myself to bloody blisters but still i managed .
now i imagine that the code and the new format for me are a humpbacked bridge from my childhood that i need to go through despite the corns
what is the easiest thing to do at work ?
strange as it may seem the easiest way to write is when there is inspiration .
if there is no inspiration can you force yourself ?
i am strict with myself i try to find a balance between creativity and discipline good films or cartoons from the past sometimes help to evoke inspiration .
have you managed to build a friendly relationship with any of the writers ?
do you communicate with anyone outside of work moments ?
i communicate well with anastasia and am very grateful to her for her friendship and faith in me .
in addition i am friends with some editors translators they are my sunshine as well as with one wonderful representative of our foreign team .
there are a couple of colleagues in addition to those named by me with whom we can sincerely communicate they supported me before the launch of the novel .
i want to say a special thank you to the manager .
he is always ready to help listen and just support i am also grateful to my technical designer for his help and patience .
what do you prefer to do with your free time ?
i write poetry songs i like to embroider weave something i used to play the piano and dance .
it seems that the man is an orchestra but not at all .
now there is not much free time but i try to carve out something for poetry i also periodically try to become a great culinary specialist and improve my french .
we are sure that you will succeed ! can we hope that someday you will show some of your poems ?
ready to share now this poem was written by me along with the full plot of the rose .
do n't leave do n't slip away like the sands like the world that separates us.i am a traveler languishing with longing ready to look for you and hundreds of times ... .
to cling to a mirage it is so far away.and as if a flame remained in the heart.like thin silk like your bright scarf i ca n't escape this vision .
wherever i hurry and go my love is my dope.i found an oasis in your face.i will always be drunk with your love .
i will not give up i will continue the difficult path.may the heat of hope never cool down ! i will find you you have to be patient a little you aremy rose that blooms in the desert !
there are no words for how touching and beautiful it is !
we hope to read something equally wonderful from you more than once
can you name the top 5 works that influenced your work ?
books are always insanely difficult i 'm still a bookworm .
i find it difficult to single out the top 5 my other favorite books will revolt and execute me with the help of ?
i can say for sure that i was insanely influenced by kipling 's poem '' what if '' the book '' the sound and the fury '' by william faulkner the films prestige silence by the way based on the book kingdom of heaven classical music for example wagner .
since we are talking about creativity and works can you tell us about media products similar to rc ?
i 'll tell you perhaps about the non-obvious the plague by camus children of the underground by korolenko a thousand splendid suns by hosseini pocahontas .
morocco took because of the culture certain features that fit the plot but decided to create its own city a kind of autonomous region so as not to ruin the history of the kingdom of morocco and not offend anyone .
it was more difficult with brazil i knew that they would begin to compare with clone i suffered for a long time but i did n't want to take the usa we already have a short story about london even if not of the 21st century i thought about france but morocco and france have more than a close historical connection .
i decided to take a risk and take brazil because a number of its features fit the plot perfectly .
this is amazing because i have friends in both brazil and morocco .
i am grateful to my friends from morocco for helping me immerse myself in the culture of the country and supporting me .
although i was passing through there i ca n't consider it a full-fledged visit .
in principle another funny story from childhood is connected with brazil i like many children of the 2000s watched brazilian tv shows with my grandmother and therefore dreamed of going to rio and seeing the famous christ statue with my own eyes but alas it did n't work out .
unfortunately no one gave me souvenirs from brazil either until one day a colleague of my mother brought a necklace straight from rio .
according to her the locals claimed that this necklace is akin to a love potion and attracts men .
sometimes as a child i loved to put it on and imagine myself as in the sims2 game i walk so beautiful and behind me hearts soar and flowers bloom .
i have been to france italy turkey germany the czech republic a whole part of my life is connected with the uk one of my favorite places is neuschwanstein castle .
i could live i think in france great britain and turkey .
do you remember the most incredible thing you thought about as a child ?
i love to dream but i ca n't drown in dreams .
as a child i wanted to be a sorceress i was very upset when the broom did not want to submit to me .
i also dreamed about a talking cat and a swing on which i could fly to various parts of the world .
from the first episodes you can understand that the heroine is very kind sympathetic but at the same time a girl with character .
my loved ones believe that there is something of me in yasmin .
but it seems to me that this something '' is not enough .
if i wrote about myself most likely we would have fled at the end of the season when we would have planned everything from and to .
i think one mysterious hee-hee hero looks more like me but i wo n't say who .
during the development yasmin was inspired by the heroines of oriental fairy tales the qualities that i appreciate in people the stories of the girls of the east .
if we talk about rebelliousness then human rights activists and ...
spirit the hero of the cartoon spirit soul of the prairie . ''
spirit soul of the prairie 2002 is the story of a wild mustang stallion traveling across america .
the brave spirit befriends a young native american brook and finds love with a beautiful mare named thunderstorm .
everyone is happy until people who want to make a war horse out of him have their eyes on the stallion .
the action of the cartoon takes place in the 1870s .
during these years bloody battles take place during which negotiations are held between the american nation and the indians who do not want to leave the prairies in which they have lived for centuries .
western is the central axis of the film giving it a peculiar color and nostalgia .
in fact the image of a proud and rebellious woman who is not afraid to challenge society is quite common in eastern folklore and many human rights activists from both morocco and other countries of the middle east are truly amazingly inspiring .
i admire their courage and desire to make the world a better and fairer place .
however yasmin and i are different from each other .
she is younger than me not much but still she did not have the opportunity to explore the world communicate with so many different people start working as early as i do .
in some ways yasmin is still a child but she will grow i hope .
she is really well educated knows several languages ​​and quotes classical works .
will they tell us a little more about her profession and hobbies ?
knowledge of languages ​​was chosen by me not by chance i think in the future we will have the opportunity to understand why .
initially i wanted to make her a doctor but this ruined some points that i ca n't say yet .
many compare the plot of the novel with the most popular tv series of all time clone .
we noticed a lot of references but it can not be said that the plot of the story somehow repeats it .
oh this clone '' of course i knew that they would compare .
i myself watched this series as a child but sometimes it caused me not the most pleasant emotions .
the answer to this question will be a little further .
the plot of the novel imho is not similar to clone '' in addition such things as the heroine 's house fortune-telling on coffee grounds dances are elements of culture that inspired me just as apparently and the creators of the series .
fun fact zuleika was originally supposed to be called differently but i decided to leave this name as a reference to two people at once to my loved one with the same name and to zoraida because i knew that in any case they would compare .
i took the appearance from a loved one but it turned out similar to zoraide .
i liked zane because he respected zhadi 's views was freedom-loving interesting and shandi is just the main sun of the series for me .
were n't you afraid to take on such a setting ?
first of all because the setting affects the personal .
i thought for a long time whether i should talk about this but decided that i wanted to be honest with the readers i am a muslim .
when writing a short story i wanted to avoid sharp corners and not impose my vision on anyone religion is always hidden this is what should remain in the heart of a believer .
i do n't think anyone should be forced to do anything .
a lot of stereotypes have been collected around islam unfortunately sometimes people themselves only confirm them which can not but upset .
when i was very young they showed clone on tv my classmates called me zhadi and constantly asked a bunch of questions about islam .
alas a huge number of concepts were distorted in the series and i often had to refute what was going on there .
for example sometimes classmates in all seriousness asked can i go somewhere but is it true that they have already found a husband for me and so on and so forth .
at first i was angry later i realized that it was easier to calmly explain that they were wrong .
in desert rose i do n't feel the need to tell the player what their character should be .
yes she grew up in certain conditions but this does not mean that she does not have her own worldview .
i wanted to move away from the stereotype of the submissive oriental girl as that is indeed a stereotype .
for this reason i do not use some arabic expressions in the novel that you can hear in the clone series since they are invocations to god .
we are all different from each other after all even in eastern countries not everyone is a religious person .
now i live in just one of these countries there are a huge number of very different people they can profess one religion but behave in a completely different way .
i understood that there are things that can hurt plunge into not the most pleasant memories so i decided not to touch on sensitive topics .
i ca n't decide for the player how he sees the heroine .
for the same reason in yasmin 's wardrobe we will meet different outfits hairstyles .
morocco was chosen by me not by chance it is a secular country with an amazing history and culture .
moroccans are very bright women many things in the series clone '' are not true .
i chose this particular country in order to abandon some radical things but at the same time i came up with my city literally from scratch hence the name in part since the behavior of some characters is due to the novel .
but i did n't want to somehow offend the country culture and people .
i decided it was easier to create something of my own .
i know what it 's like to constantly face stereotypes constantly trying to prove that not everyone is like that not everyone is like that .
i did n't want to hurt anyone because it can really hurt especially when faced with it as a child .
thank you very much for your frankness we like our readers really appreciate it ♥
we often come across comments that it is rather difficult to decide on appearance for this reason .
who worked on her drawing if not a secret ?
i love all versions of yasi they are already like family .
two talented artists worked on them inna and katya .
we tried to make yasmin a living girl not a doll so that everyone can find something for themselves .
on the body of the second type of yasmin stretch marks and folds can be seen i really wanted such details to be present making her more alive .
you can often come across reviews that mustafa does not look like an arab and yasmin should have been drawn based on origin so to speak like amal for example .
we saw the father of the heroine but did not see the mother .
we were shown mustafa 's sister and mother but not his father .
is there any chance that we will see the parents of the guys later ?
yasmin 's appearance is not just my whim she does not look like her father this was done intentionally .
however believe me in morocco there are a huge number of different types of appearance from dark-skinned to light blond with blue eyes .
my poor mustafa ... there is a whole story connected with his appearance .
i consulted with arab friends and one of them shared a case from his life once in the office he spoke arabic which seriously frightened a french colleague because she forgot that he was an arab .
it 's easy to forget if you start from the image we 're used to dark hair swarthy skin brown eyes .
my friend is the owner of light eyes and the same light hair .
actually this story partly inspired me to create the image of mustafa i wanted to emphasize his otherness get away from stereotypes in addition his appearance is due to his origin which we will also definitely learn about .
in general thanks to my novel i learned about many interesting things once until three in the morning i read an amazing discussion between professors from portugal and morocco on the topic of the types of appearance of the indigenous inhabitants of morocco .
now i want to find and study this discussion d
if you were a player and you could only pick one favorite who would it be ?
but you ca n't have a harem you can only have one !
then i 'll leave it a secret because i 'm all so mysterious and sudden .
i 'll tell you perhaps towards the end of the novel .
we all remember the charming cat on sefer street in the announcement .
we understand that the question is probably a spoiler but will we meet it in the future ?
perhaps the coffee grounds will tell you the answer ?
we are afraid for this we need to invite a real professional in this matter zuleika d
ready to share her contacts it seems that she has already mastered sms 😁
great next time we will definitely use this chance ha ha ha !
can you recommend us how best to accumulate stats ?
defiance and reverie can not be accumulated equally with the flower of the desert and the child of the city it is also better to decide but !
you can combine them and i will try to give you such an opportunity .
hmm that is there is no way to balance as such there will be something like the accumulation of luck courage stats in dil right ?
yes there is no way to balance it looks like dil that 's right .
then i sit down turn on the classics arabic songs or songs from notre dame and write .
in our work there is no time for lack of inspiration sometimes you have to force yourself and get used to being systematic .
in order to pick up yasmin 's outfits i often put on scarves myself i see how it will look .
the masks that you saw in episode 2 are also at my house i bought them specifically for the novel so that if anything to show the artists exactly how they should sit .
my arab friends discovered this accessory for me they often wear it with anything it always looks spectacular .
the same goes for make-up i am a huge fan of make-up arabic arrows are one of my favorite types of make-up for a special occasion .
i am a music lover i have a special playlist for rosa .
perhaps if the players are interested i will share it .
now as a small gift i share the song natasha st pier un ange frappe a ma port .
in addition the novella helped me shake off the old days and love belly dancing again sometimes i dance to some tracks from rosa 's playlist to let go of myself and start writing .
continuing the theme of the tracks the name of the story was not chosen by chance ?
we came up with the name of the story together with the leader .
in the case of rosa we had a synergy i had several options for the name and i was ready to send them all at once but one thing fell off the shelf it is related to my previous work and this very thing o-o-o very strongly refers to desert rose .
i took this as a sign and realized that i had found the only correct name .
i wrote to the boss at the same moment a message came name the desert rose ? thoughts converged .
the novel touches on the theme of a strange virus .
many have noticed some similarities with the recent pandemic .
have you been inspired '' by the events that have happened to humanity over the past few years ?
rather it was more inspired by the epidemics of the past .
i had to delve into the archives for a long time read materials in different languages .
after another week i dreamed of terrible laboratories and viruses .
there are doctors in my family sometimes i really get them i ask them to check something but i understand that i am very far from being an expert in this field !
is cindy 's name a tribute to a famous supermodel ?
on the one hand yes on the other that was the name of my beloved barbie .
in my canon this barbie was strong and brave despite the vicissitudes of fate .
by the way cindy will still tell about her name .
while the obvious favorites are mustafa jack adil and cindy we also had interactions with zayn .
do you plan to focus only on these characters or will we meet someone else ?
meet someone else 😉 about akram sometimes a friend is just a friend ?
we are already rubbing our hands in anticipation of someone else '' !
do you go through the stories of your colleagues ?
now unfortunately there is no time but before of course it passed .
i 'm omnivorous i do n't look at the genre .
favorite stories legend of the willow moonborn sails in the fog dracula .
a love story i love on thin ice and arcanum .
branches i do n't want to single out anyone i can only say that viktor was my favorite branch for a long time .
yasmin was born after i wrote a couple of short sketches about her and a poem .
oh i love both nadim and masoud very much .
i rode a camel several times once i came across a very ferocious friend from whom i almost fell off and there was no bedouin named adil nearby 😁
do you plan to get in touch with readers ?
if readers want then yes there were thoughts to create a channel i like to be on the board share what inspires me discuss tests in the style of what kind of bread are you ? upload your favorite cartoons movies .
not a fan of them there is almost no time left for them in addition my husband suffers so much that i often disappear near the computer .
in general i am a non-public person i would not want my social networks to be perceived as a way to doubt my personality .
question would you ever like to write a story from a guy 's point of view ?
once i wrote on behalf of a guy but i ca n't say that this is mine however why not ?
what do you think an aspiring author should focus on ?
i would advise you to let go and not be afraid .
the first i repeat to myself every day when my hard alter ego once again starts scolding and spreading rot .
write read a lot listen and hear not be afraid to meet the word no not be afraid of criticism .
and do not be shy to write about what is really close .
if you want to address your readers give them advice or say something you can do it right here and now !
dear friends thank you for support kind words creativity !
it is incredibly pleasant and touching to see how your children come to life already in the wrong hands .
i will try to inspire you further ❤️ i also thank those who criticized .
i agree with something i do n't agree with something but in any case it 's useful it helps to look from the outside try to do better grow .
the world was enveloped in troubled times that break hurt make a lot of things rethink .
i really hope that the kr will remain a kind of oasis a place where you can be distracted .
laugh scold find mistakes jambs or on the contrary admire .
i believe that the storm will end soon and the bright sun will finally come out !
fireflies i wish you not to lose your light in a difficult time for all of us do not be shy to love make mistakes try act be sad .
and the rest as yasmin would say will already be as it is destined !
thank you amy it was an incredible pleasure to get to know you and spread the word about you to the fandom !
finally let 's gather courage and ask three words that describe the december update ?
ive started to make boundaries be mostly at my dads house to not be with my mom and then she tells me all the time i should be at hers because i never think about anyone besides me and she misses me i go to her we have a big argument where my brother and my mother tell me ive always behaved like a beast never tried to be a good daughter and they of course have no idea why i had depression since i was 11 my mother told me i should call me dad and just go away
i am from south korea and going to england this winter
change my mind with the comments not the downvotes .
why does everyone say all my friends is a bad song ?
it is the same vibe as good time with cinematic style music and he is actually singing it with his friends .
i am looking to do a small trade for this single hearthkyn warrior .
anything will do please let me know what you have to offer !
what aspect of your current listening experience would you like to improve ?
looking for something better to replace my audio technica m50xs
wound like to keep it no more than 2-3 hundred dollars
i do a lot of cleaning/yard work/running around throughout the day i wear my headphones all the time ... ... probably about 6-8 hours a day most days .
guess it depends on what i 'm listening to ... . but probably more towards the lower end .
what did you like about it and what did n't you like about it ?
i 'm on my 3rd pair of audio technica m50xs ... .. years ago i thought they were the greatest headphones ever ... but each pair i 've owned has only lasted 2-3 years before breaking and i 've come to realize that they really just do n't sound that great .
things i liked closed back over the ear wired good size/can wear them pretty much anywhere i want and while i work .
i been day dreaming with this ideia for some time now trying to unfold it as natural as possibel inside my novel .
with only a few pages written this event will only take place within the end of first book or maybe even in a future sequel .
the main ideia is to make it look like a dramatic step back for the main caracter as dedicated sailor and proud of his role under his famous '' captains fails his duty not being able to protect every 1 in his crew .
during a storm he is cast overboard the ship falling into the deep waters of the ocean facing with this one of his biggest fears with it as he dives into the vast darkness below he has a moment of lucidity brought by the calm silence of the ocean.even with the raging waves of the ocean storm hitting violently the hull of the ship and the cliffs along the far cape north the shouts of orders and men being dragged out of the ship by the massive waves going over the vessel .
the salty sea water is thin spreayed all over making it feel like its raining but with clear sky moon light and stars are spectators of this unfortunate event .
in the midle of the chaos a giant reveals him self from beneaf the waves as he could be the very source of the storm creating the giant waves swallowing the ship as it was nothing .
after having this inner thoughts like an hipiphany mc comes to his sences being abel to swimm like a merfolk/mermaid and confronting the giant to stop it .
making the giant help the rest of the crew back to the ship .
saving the day recruiting a new fantastic character and ally for his future adventures .
as a male version of calipso in the greece mitology a son of calipso descendent or blood related .
he would now swim long distances breath underwater and control a giant of the sea or weather at sea .
english is not my birth language sry for my spelling if find any mistake feel free to point out as i should have many .
i just finished my second rewatch of season two and randomly realized that magnus roosmann who plays hertig ludvig also played edvin 's dad on gåsmamman !
eu namoro um garoto há 10 meses sou a primeira namorada dele e ele sempre foi muito tímido .
mas as vezes acho que ele não me ama .
hj por exemplo eu quase não falei com ele por wpp pq ele não faz questão disso ou aparenta não fazer questão é como se ah se der eu falo com ela '' .
ele teve uma apresentação de tcc hj me contou como foi mas nem me deu a oportunidade de falar sobre meu dia .
não nos vimos no final de semana passado e se eu não fizer questão de nós vermos nesse final de semana ele tbm não toma iniciativa .
me acho uma péssima pessoa por me achar tão dramática a esse ponto .
we just bought this new tv and it had peel stickers all over it including the power saving sticker but we ca n't seem to figure weather the screen has a protective film over it or not .
it is right in front of me but it is on an up raised surface i ca n't get to .
and no guide will tell me what to do to get it .
do you use any of the tools to get it ?
all shib gone after accepting new terms and conditions from coinbase wallet .
deleted app downloaded and logged in with my recovery phrase and it still does n't show .
any idea of what to do same wallet as i 'm using same recovery phrase but no assets or transactions show .
edit i 'm a dumb ass i was logged into the wrong wallet .
actually such a seemingly petty question that i 'm embarrassed to ask my solicitor but it 's niggling me so any advice appreciated .
i 'm the executor of a family will and bar two small legacies the sole beneficiary of the estate .
in settling the deceased 's accounts each bank has mentioned their willingness to release funds to cover funereal expenses if provided with the appropriate documentation all of which i possess .
paying the bill is within my means and will cause no hardship so what i want to know is whether there 's any benefit in terms of the probate process in taking the cost from the estate ?
simply settling from my own account is obviously more convenient but all parties involved have mentioned the ability to settle from the estate so i 'm left wondering if it 's a preferred option for some reason .
if not i 'd really love this feature since my best friend lives out of state now .
i have been thinking about getting rats but i have a few questions/concerns when it comes to me living situation .
i switch between houses a few times a week every tuesday night and every other weekend would this stress rats out ?
should i get two different cages at each house so that the rats will have even more variation because i 've read that they like for things to be changed up so they do n't get bored
what are your cage recommendations since i need to get two somewhere between 100-150 would be preferred but i may be able to afford up to 200
i would love any other tips and recommendations for other things as well
looking for something in the same vein as tome .
something modern feeling with a good ui mouse functionality is a must and very feature rich like tome or pd .
does n't need to be free but that would be a plus too .
it seems like several of the smooth modern feeling roguelikes with good uis such as caves most pd mods cardinal quest etc are on android and not pc which is unfortunate .
my skills are not amazing so please nothing too intense/hard/complex .
i realize this is a lot of steep expectations so i am not expecting a ton of well fitting games to be suggested but anything you can point me towards would be helpful .
if it is easy to understand it may not have to have a totally modern or feature rich ui .
mostly i am a noob to this genre big fan of roguelites and have been playing pd for a while but nothing harder than that and i have n't beaten pd .
has any of you gotten an instant rebuke as to not fall into sin a few seconds later ?
earlier i was looking at something i should n't and a bird suddenly flew into the window near me .
basically god saying no ! pretty much stopping me from falling into sin .
is there any use for a hill giant club on the iron ?
i was n't reborn with talent or ability but at least my knowledge from earth allowed me to stay one step ahead in this other world .
magic exists here and new progress was rapidly being made in science while magic stagnated in the name of tradition .
using my earthly knowledge and not bound by the traditional thinking i was able to do things other wizards could n't even imagine .
still inadvertentl ... read academy 's undercover professor chapter 34 mangapuma .
i 'm 18 and all participants and characters should be 18 too
i always enjoy playing as girls i know irl .
i have a couple of scenario 's i 'd like to play out .
i only play one girl at the time and only play on kik .
if interested message me on kik with a reference .
if any of these might interest you message me on kik
my kinks are groping clothed public strangers risky sneaky doggy hair pulling cum cheating interracial fingering mmf
my limits are gore vore trans granny gaping forced feet dead blood beating bdsm
i know i can duplicate stitch but it looks too bulky .
thought about using embroidery thread but then thought of you guys .
i am coming to the end of my p s xpress interior cleaner .
while it 's decent i feel like that must be more effective options out there .
i 'm looking for something else to try to fill the slot of an all around plastic and leather cleaner that does n't leave a residue or need to be neutralized like a typical alkaline apc .
i know it wo n't necessarily clean like an apc but i do n't like to use apc on an interior unless i need it .
looking for suggestions if you have also used p s xpress and can compare even better !
bonus points for gallon size and/or dilution ability for professional use .
dragoon main looking for dsr tea or ucob group from start .
i´am willing to switch job/roll for ucob or tea .
sat 1pm-10pm st. for more info dm me on discord ziema 9639
benefits of fish oil https www.gogxn.com/blog-visit/importance-of-fish-oil-and-multivitamin-in-bodybuilding in workouts comes in top priority .
it is the most essential supplement that reduces triglyceride up to 50 level .
because of the benefits of fish oil https www.gogxn.com/blog-visit/importance-of-fish-oil-and-multivitamin-in-bodybuilding it boosts heart health improve the blood pressure level .
it is also considered good for weight loss purposes .
some people continue to criticize rolin jones ' approach to the characters especially louis .
controversy escalated after the podcast because some viewers do n't like that even the creation of louis ' character and the suffering he endured revolve around lestat .
i 'm sorry to announce all of you but all my baby mantises died i do n't know why they had everything but they died .
how do i fi do n't where the after party is for the toronto show ?
i had a dream where the devil appeared to my house and i chased him out by imagining gods light shining through me and pushing him away and he did slowly get back until he flew out and looked hurt and was shaking..
where should i go after my b.tech cs degree currently 3rd year with 3.5/4 cgpa completes ?
i have microsoft tech associate certification in web dev pursuing google ux design professional certification for my uni n beginner in ios but sooooo interested in it😭 but my future plan is mba .
now i want to listen to louis jordan ty for that
your friend is a good mom and a good person .
tesla owner was a bit clueless to let even the 12v battery run down !
that 's the last thing i would have/do when planning trips .
and if he had n't tested it before chances are it would not have worked you need a good quality inverter for the car to not get annoyed at the ac power .
all of these plane disrupters i did n't even do anything ! ''
so when i was looking through the list of star wars characters for name ideas and shouted some out to him he knew exactly the character 's role every single time .
i thought a lot of them were even vague characters ...
some were just in one episode of a cartoon .
same for me 27rutabagas vitamins make me worse and i ca n't exercise at all while flaring because that makes me worse too .
if i 'm already in remission or not flaring exercise can help keep me that way but i ca n't tolerate any vitamins at all
you can still have a great life even if you fail college .
if you do decide to end your life that is your human right .
however you have no right to take someone 's life except for self-defense or preventing a murder or violent crimes .
gold is gold but those look like a bucket of smashed assholes .
health potion has been added to your inventory for 50g !
health potion has been added to your inventory for 50g !
exactly they did n't make more dynamic and challenging enemies they just made the same enemies have more health and damage in late game areas ... leading up to the ultimate disappointment that is the haligtree
i 'm planning a trip next year solo ! !
i want you to to keep those cheeks spread so i can watch my cock disappear into your ass
this game is a reminder that we could 've traded rj burger for donovan mitchell
i could do with a new friend ... ever been rock climbing ?
•get event where a scientist uploads their brain into it
this was awesome to read not just not did you seek help but it 's bettering your relationship and hopefully the all around mil relationship
i get your point but most people especially young people and young couples simply ca n't afford to buy a townhome or house .
it is what it is and so it 's a good idea if it is at all possible for the neighbors to all work together .
i grew up in an apt and we had to be quiet at night since walls were thin and the other side of the wall was a newborn .
‘but neighbors complaining about footsteps is ridiculous and controlling very not cool
kids are groomed from an early age these days so many camps and trainers are widely available these days .
also younger modern coaches are building offenses to qbs with unique traits and athleticism in the nfl these days instead of making everyone play in a pure pocket passing scheme so you get a few more viable qb options .
i 'm so sorry for your loss 😔i think at home euthanasia is the best way to do it .
i hope you find peace soon and i 'm sure you gave your pup the best life possible .
if you are worried about stretch marks you should n't .
100 years from now no one will care about twitter .
if spacex accomplishes its goals everyone will care about spacex .
she looks exactly like someone who thinks shes interesting than the dude and will make this kinda song .
it has beeen removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/addictedboy7/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
please note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mademesmile if you have any questions or concerns .
i have no clue but i sure hope so !
your plants are beautiful and the colors are too .
i disagree there 's nothing wrong with the relationships within team avatar just the drama that came with them all switching around .
if they stuck with one pairing in the team and built up to it it 'd be perfectly fine .
so i take it you do n't think apple should be adopting usb-c then .
would a man 's cut tuxedo do if she was more gender nonconforming ?
i live my life it sits on the bakers rack gathering dust .
efter at se videoen ... holy shit det var sgu lidt en ommer .
nobody 's saying women are n't allowed to evolve and with their evolution upgrade their standards and anything of that sort .
but just as women are allowed to do that men are allowed to retain their opinion of that woman from what they know of her from first and second hand accounts .
this is why i suggest to all women who live liberally in that way relocating is necessary at certain points in life .
for every epsilon 0 and for every x in dom f there is a delta 0 so that for all y in dom f if x-y delta then f x f y epsilon .
for every epsilon 0 there is a delta 0 so that for all x y in dom f if x-y delta then f x f y epsilon .
if you think of the continuity game as two players epsilon and delta then epsilon gets to choose a number that they think delta wo n't be able to get f inside of .
then delta tried to find a small enough piece of the domain to thwart epsilon .
if f has discontinuities then there are points x where epsiion always wins .
if f is continuous at all x then delta always wins no matter which point x they are playing at because they can study the function near x and just choose a small enough region for that x .
but say epsilon complains that the game is unfair and they can not win in any interesting game .
so they change the rules and say that now delta can not just look around the point x and choose a small region that works there .
now delta needs to choose a single number to restrict the domain that works for every point x where they play the game .
one delta must work for all x-values to beat epsilon .
the square root function satisfies this because delta can always take epsilon 's number choice and square it .
then we have that no matter where they play the worst difference in function values happens near the point 0 and delta has already guaranteed a win there .
the function sin 1/x is not uniformly continuous on 0,1 .
no matter how hard delta tries to shrink the domain so that the difference in function values is small if they check close enough to 0 then they can find points like x=2/999 pi and y=2/1000 pi that are arbitrarily close together yet have sin 1/x 1 and sin 1/y 1 .
so the function can not be made close together universally .
why is there an influx of porn on this sub ?
super late to the party but i have horrible irrational fear of my toenails fingernails ripping off .
they have never before but for some reason i have this fear .
sometimes it is debilitating and it 's all i think about for like 20 minutes that only happens like once a month tho so is n't common or anything .
it feels extremely weird not wearing socks especially with shoes such as sperrys where socks are n't required and sometimes even look weird to wear .
with more people these days wanting to be child free dating into a whole family is n't something they 're going to do .
touch grass libertarians are chaotic neutral and you know it .
never watched this or anime i 've been told this is n't anime though but i do n't really know the difference .
some of my favorite shows are got the sopranos breaking bad etc .
i enjoy cartoons but the comedies like south park family guy big mouth .
i want to give it a chance but do n't think the wife would buy in .
no an adult does n't need to spend that much time on a video game but god of war is not dumb the previous game won a lot of awards and is considered one of the best pieces of media ever made .
it 's like the superbowl or world cup to sports fans .
i think op made a reasonable request she 's lonely she needs help with the kids but i 'm just saying games are not any more dumb '' than binging a tv show watching a sporting event puttering around in a garden or whatever brings joy to people 's lives .
before video games the running joke was that men spent too much time watching tv golfing or reading the newspaper and not enough time with their families .
it 's been an issue for decades no need to drag video games .
click here to vist the hottest onlyfansx profile of the month !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansx if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're right but unfortunately you are a degenerate unflaired so you 're wrong .
not to be confused with my college assignment the night before it 's due
went out and partied this week for the first time in 3 years .
that 's basically buying off ebay from a so-so seller .
they do n't function the same way is the problem they are a currency they arnt just used to level up
i like lge but lge really not good for that position ignore the corrupt case last time he is finance minister he created a whole lot of issue and for other chinese i do n't see anyone i follow are good at that position at all .
so they should put lge at place where he can perform .
still pisses me off what the jets did to tebow .
turned one of the greatest athletes and leaders of our time into a carnival barker
looks like the guy in red needs to workout his jaw more
they 're running through the hallway jill is freaking out and tells kendall to do an aerial then they play this dramatic sound when she does and keeps running .
rules are enforced uneven and arbitrarily and it shows .
the rules either apply for everyone and evenly across the board or not at all .
but i expected nothing less from the likes of you either so .
when you settle a city is n't it automatically upgraded to 2 food one production that 's what i thought anyway .
meaning the tile they 're hovering over with only food would be a better tile to settle that the 2 food 1 production tile above as it will give instant access to the rice tile .
a lot of the current fan base was n't a fan then because either we sucked too hard or they were too young .
so they did n't forget because there was nothing for them to remember and all they know is good bills football .
kinda like how i became a fan at the age of 13 in 1992 during the kelly/levy era .
i do n't blame people for the circumstances of their fandom it is what it is .
haha with my luck i 'll tear the black rubber ring i ordered some wire but this black friday deal on a discounted atty is pretty tempting for a back up .
has n't flicked to herb mode in probably 30 dabs though so no need to dissect my atty as of now honestly so idk .
i do n't know about ulta in particular but employee probation is a period of time where the evaluate how you are working out .
most of the time if you do n't work out during this period they do n't have to give you full benefits like paid time off or insurance or even a certain pay rate .
a lot of time they wo n't even make you full-time until after this period .
basically they do n't have to waste their time '' doing paperwork .
but again i do n't know if this applies at ulta .
unfortunately your submission eat your greens ! they always said .
https www.reddit.com/r/twosentencehorror/comments/z4t970/eat_your_greens_they_always_said has been removed because it violates the following rule
stories that are more sad than horror will be removed and should be posted to r/twosentencesadness .
these include but are not limited to stories about depression suicide loss of a loved one putting down pets pets obeying commands to stay in dangerous situations etc .
stories that are more humor than horror should be posted in r/twosentencecomedy .
if you believe this removal was performed in error please contact the mods here .
do not contact any moderators directly via chat or personal mail or you may receive a ban .
and to think their are actual people in america that want a civil war .
bro this shit happens to me all the time and i do n't have a cam or a tesla .
folks will just pull out even into a 2 lane road but pull into my lane for no reason !
or people will try to merge but they somehow manage to merge into the busiest lane !
so republicans would 've convicted trump if the charges were true ?
he was only more expensive because people knew the card was coming out so his gold tanked .
you also got more pace and more shooting with the flashback which was great last year .
i thought you were asking as a joke box showed me what i needed to know !
they are real af1 x supreme your all good enjoy
surprised i had to scroll down this far to see this .
browsers have been blocking auto-play videos with sound for like 4 years now .
but i still think even interacting with a site should still keep things muted unless you specifically opt-in for audio .
i 'm sure there are add-ons that achieve this but having it built in natively would be nice .
do n't repost something from our top 150 https www.reddit.com/r/jav/top ? t=all of all time .
check out our '' top 10 jav idols who is frequently posted on r/jav to identify '' https www.reddit.com/r/jav/wiki/index wiki_3._top_10_jav_idols_who_is_frequently_posted_on_r.2fjav_to_identify if this post of yours is just to identify a jav idol/actress .
one of them might be the one who you 're looking for .
if your post is an ads/meme that you found on the net it is very likely that someone else has posted it .
here are some common repost in r/jav https www.reddit.com/r/jav/wiki/index wiki_4._common_repost_in_r.2fjav .
any duplicate post that includes those in our common repost will be removed with/without notice .
last but not least read all the rules faq warning and etc at the sidebar before posting .
do n't ask for the reasons if your post got deleted or you got banned when the answer is already at the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jav if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't because it 's inanimate but i can tell you and be honest .
i do n't know what you prefer to go by and i ca n't claim to know what your going through but i do know that the world absolutely is a better place with you in it .
is n't it more likely that the partners just come home drunk and do n't actually think to themselves they are going to go home and take it out on their partner ?
it 's rude to ask your guests who are traveling and spending their time and money to join you for your wedding to also bring the meal .
plus you 're asking for food poisoning as you have no idea how safe or sanitary peoples kitchens are coupled with no control over food temps as the food travels to your wedding etc .
food trucks are good if a small number of guests and enough trucks but remember food trucks tend to take a good amount of time for each order so without enough of them your guests will be waiting around a lot
i have a few other cameras as well but i tend to stick with instants partly because i tend to find them dirt cheap which makes collecting easy !
telegraph ave childish gambino i love the car start-up ambiance at the beginning of this one !
bremen pigpen theatre co main lyric is 'on the road to bremen '
the only one that matters is the disc golf pic 😉
first seen here https redd.it/z055ow on 2022-11-20 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' z4u7vc '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=z4u7vc samesub=true filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
scope this sub meme filter false target 92 check title false max age 100 searched images 348,863,782 search time 2.12369s
it was 77 jersey titans hoodie sam adams undershirt with camo cargo shorts and timms .
post bengals loss it became 77 with a very specific set of jeans and timms
users must comment on this post prior to engaging in a trade or sale .
u/skrymir39 you must confirm that your potential trade partner has commented on your post prior to the finalizing the transaction .
do not deal with anyone who will not comment on your post .
sellers are required to have timestamped images in their post .
click here to learn how to leave feedback and increase your flair count !
users trade counts can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want to see a detailed list of references click send on the message in this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=photomarketbot subject=feedback_check message=u/skrymir39 .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/photomarket subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photomarket if you have any questions or concerns .
he only stood a chance because he could not get past kings def he was hitting king many times before acoc but it did no damage .
if they fiight again and zoro has acoc from the start so does not need to worry about kings def he would destroy him after zoro got acoc king tryed to save himself and finish the fight quickly but even in speed form got stomped .
so i agree that in that fight king had a got chance of beating zoro but if both fight now 100 hp with all they power zoro stomps hard
i 'm asexual and i 'd still totally let him turn my knobs
you must have consumed some corn from iowa ... take shelter immediately !
i am looking to trade some upvotes just gave you one .
i think so but i do n't know where his stock is .
as well as he 's run these past two years you would think he 's at a high point but he may be one of those guys that just is what he is draft stock wise .
he 's not a blazer but very physical style can catch but its not his highest attribute .
at worst he should put his name in to get a grade .
he 'd have to win the doak or something to go higher next year .
but i do n't think he 'll ever get enough carries for that with the way chip rotates .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freeonlyfanspromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
what irritates me is the friends and family who have told me that eating at chick fil a was the same as supporting pray the gay away camps spent thanksgiving watching the world cup because they play/enjoy soccer .
if you are boycotting the world cup for this you have my respect whatever funny color you use .
but if you are n't you had better get off your high horse right fucking now before you get knocked off it .
i woke up 5 months ago i live with my parents and i 'm trying to become independent both financially and mentally it 's getting harder and harder to keep up the facade
that 's exactly what we use as bear bait plus we 'll also buy several hundred lbs of fucked up cookies .
from famous amos or grandma 's cookies for this purpose .
i do n't see this being crackhead material unless people be buying this shit to eat themselves
i will admit to having s small petite long hair siamese that only had love for me .
everyone else was totally ignored by her and sometimes they were hissed at .
when we 1st brought her home i slept on the bathroom floor with her because she was very sick and we had to keep her away from our 1st siamese till i could get her to our vet the next morning .
idc what u think for the last time ur boring the hell out of me nothing but verbal its mence your not on nothing but being a keyboard warrior its appalling low msging me i cba for your dead grey don jokes dead assumptions and dead trolling
man they are thumbs up are n't they ? ?
i thought it was supposed to look like superman or some shit ripping through their shirt
i would not come to that conclusion without more info .
do n't care much as long as we keep getting video of her trilling her rs all fired up .
i just want her to berate me over a bad cannelone .
unrelated but yooo ill be moving to portland from az in like 2 weeks
you are the only person that matters in this in how you handled the situation if you were uncomfortable with it .
yeah it 's more complicated than that but we can argue by issue if you want
first test drove the 3.0 and the salesman suggested to floor it .
i did and it was amazingly quick all 3 seconds i floored it .
up to 100 mph i could n't tell the difference to be honest .
not looking to track it nor making any modifications .
ended up buying the 2.0 as i could n't justify the 10k difference under my driving circumstances and habits .
the lindbergh baby is another famous case of a dead child held for ransom '' and found very close by .
plus their man in the stands interviewing people i just love to hear him say things .
i do n't put much weight in that comment because it was kaylee 's mom that said that i have n't heard any of the cops say that .
after last week i pretty much was looking forward to iowa in indy .
scotland has its own parliament currently governed by the scottish national party in coalition with the scottish greens as a minor party .
northern ireland also have a number of pro-republican parties legally allowed to run for office .
sinn fein is the largest party in the stormont .
could you guys do some basic fucking research about scotland and northern ireland ?
i 'm gon na say the same thing i said to another employee .
if you go in you risk more than getting your co-workers sick .
you risk getting customers who are immune compromised the elderly the people who ca n't take the influenza or covid vaccines because of diseases or other medical conditions they have children babies sick .
anything you touch anything you breathe on gets contaminated .
a solid surface is for 24 48 hours if not disinfected immediately .
plus if you call in sick you 're out for 1 3 days .
if you go to work infect co workers then 3-5 people are out for 3 days .
and as soon as you are well please please please go get your influenza vaccine .
and start taking vitamin c 500mg twice a day .
it 's a inexpensive immune booster will help keep you healthy throughout the winter .
and if you feel like you may be getting a bug or been around someone with one just up the dose to 4 x a day every 6 hours .
it ca n't hurt you it just gets eliminated through urine feces .
right now no manager is going to fire anyone during this serious season of covid-rsv-influenza .
they will agree its best to take precautions stay safe for everyone .
americans get worse health outcomes and pay way more for health care than canadians .
your argument that america steals away good doctors with higher pay is a great example of the negative effects the rapacious us healthcare system has on the global community .
as for the rich being able to access great healthcare yes that is literally the only class that benefits from out dogshit system .
would something of this spec be worthwhile to replace rear speakers ?
i currently have rps on fronts/center/and height speakers but mica covo-s compact 2 way for the rears small space about 3 feet from couch on both sides of ears not behind due to wall .
a few months in you 'll hopefully have a good handle on it !
i forgot to mention make sure you always check iv comparability .
you may end up with 8 drips and limited access so remember to check if you can run the slow drips into the faster ones !
but if youre willing to learn from them and have the humility to ask if you do n't know what to do you 'll be just fine .
nobody is talking about the manga you keep tryna change the fucking subject cuz u know ur wrong
i do n't work in retail so i 'm fine in fact i want to hear all of them more .
there 's quite a bit of work to be done just putting 3 copies of every card from an archetype and maybe some staples is not good deck building .
honestly the best i can say is go check out masterduelmeta https www.masterduelmeta.com and check out proper deck building .
also it does n't hurt to look up a deck you want to build on youtube and see different variations and how to properly pilot the deck .
one of them was on limit break while the other was on rewind rumble .
i just put both versions on there because of how well made they were .
yup happened during the 10 hour test version early on .
i guess someone did n't want to buy the game and just gave him away .
so coolin thx for your positivity and posts on here there is so much hate and toxic behavior on here and in the game you 've been great on here for some time so thx for that !
safe to safe this one particular hun makes bank .
i really was n't too sure whether they should be tight and rigid or not .
i watched some videos of these in use but could n't get a clear view to infer an answer .
dude this is the most meaningless and pretentious way to correct '' someone with the exact same message they had .
like peak you must be fun at parties '' .
the 'perspective ' you are gracing us with here is an obviously assumed nuance to any question pertaining what is best for humanity .
never forget the loaded dice rock blast orthworm thats also running rock slide
what a fucking run ca n't do anything but respect that
i do n't think ogryn players have a bad bone in their body .
pretty much every ogryn main '' i 've run into has been just hilarious and wonderful to play with .
having all this power yet you are unable to printscreen and instead force down our throat this half assed picture from your phone .
do the bristleback/wk trick on demo and even with a super computer specifically for gaming that elon musk 's great grand child made in the year 2134 would drop to 2 fps .
meaning maybe it 's not so abnormal as you think it is .
i would try to find someone with similar hardware plus check the drivers plus what version of directx daota 2 is using in the settings .
i 'm not saying it 's a prerequisite at all lol .
i just meant that it would be something i would propose as a silly pact .
the show was a huge part of my childhood and i regret not asking my past partner to watch it with me prior to her passing .
i really hope i can share that part of myself if i become close with someone again .
there were years when i would just be home alone and my parent would be at work all day .
it 's similar to how i hope to experience something that is important to my partner even if i do n't enjoy it myself since it is a part of who she is .
exactly my point i do n't think brand new cars should be evaluated for reliability
if someone around me had fewer fingers i 'd never refer to people with a typical number of fingers as normal ''
i find the implication that you assume anyone would ... .rather bizare
the only hope now is that tyler has been manipulated and his warm personality is sealed by the pharmaceutical teacher .
wish i could help you out with this problem 😊
it is considered a compulsion if you feel dread/anxiety about not doing it rather than feeling neutral or not even really caring about this at all
not sure why your downvoted because this is true you can buy the inv if you really want but cant send it anywhere .
so as everyone else has said ... this site is impossible to get into unless staff creates an account for you which i highly doubt they would ever do .
abi had the beta site up for a little bit a few years back and it looked good but it seems its been abandoned .
homos are satan worshippers who molest children. i lived through the satanic panic .
my little part of the world contributed with a bullshit true story book .
but i think you 've got the potential and have things to work with
hey feel free to use 𝐃𝐑𝐃𝐑𝐀𝐘 in the coupon codes section on the yesstyle app in combination with my rewards code 𝐈𝐓𝐒𝐕𝐄𝐄𝟏𝟒 to get 𝟏𝟓 𝐨𝐟𝐟 orders of 𝟒𝟗 or you can click this link for direct access to my rewards code .
note on rewards code return customers will get 2 off and the new customers will get 5 off ! ! !
so do n't forget to paste my code 𝐈𝐓𝐒𝐕𝐄𝐄𝟏𝟒 in a rewards code section ๑˃̵ᴗ˂̵
🚨however i recommend you using this code 𝐁𝐅𝟐𝟎𝟐𝟐 in combination with 𝐈𝐓𝐒𝐕𝐄𝐄𝟏𝟒 in the coupon code and rewards code section instead if you want to get up to 25 off any orders no minimum order needed during this black friday sale ! ! !
your post was removed because only verified users with the verified petite flair are allowed to post here .
if you would like to post here please begin the verification process .
you can learn more about verification process by clicking this link https www.reddit.com/r/sexiestpetites/comments/ok3al6/rsexiestpetites_is_now_for_verified_original ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexiestpetites if you have any questions or concerns .
my account is about six months old now after i had redownloaded the app and deleted it and i 've been making out my swipes almost everyday .
i was getting the most amount of likes when i had redownloaded the app but nowhere near the amount i originally had 60ish to now only 9 .
i 'd say practice and being able to keep things flowing are some major ones .
not all authors first books or even first time writing a story will see the light of day or published .
they write for a long time before writing to publish .
for instance i am writing something as a first time writer .
you mostly need some experience writing to make something consistently good because you know how to write something .
now this does n't fit for everyone and everything .
he 'll yeah its 50k for doing a whole lot rather nothing
tumblr has had them for years it 's a user setting .
hello u/throwawayjunkytrunky your request appears to ask for moral judgment or judgment on your actions .
per our moral judgment rule https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/ivahe5/meta_autoremoving_moral_judgment_threads_also any requests for moral judgment generally any yes/no questions will result in the removal of your post even if you ask for specific advice as well .
please remove any questions that ask for judgment of a situation again yes/no questions and instead request specific advice that could not possibly result in a yes/no answer .
we may not include messages such as this on future moral judgment removals for your awareness
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
chadwick boseman 's passing still makes my heart feel funny.. and then learning that so much of his exceptional work was done whilst dealing with the big c ... wild .
cameron boyce as well.. he was so young and i remember my little sister watching him on disney channel .
his passing was so sudden it does n't really feel real still honestly
full size ships in 1-2 months i think it said .
nonillionth sounds like something that 's going to be summoned then devour the earth .
if you ever think that fs can make a happy ending think of the gascoigne 's daughters ...
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=more-psychology-9248 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
me and my sister and kids tend to riiiiiiiiiip ppl in our group chats and we do n't mean it so that i would get ...
but never are the insults racial holy crap they all trash run
i just bought a place this year and used a mortgage broker who is good with defence .
we were wondering however what was the point of using a broker when we ended up with something we could have found ourselves and already had .
got an email he had done a review with the bank and was able to offer us a rate drop .
apparently he does them periodically and it 's all part of the service .
we 've only had the loan for 6 months .
i mean if i had to choose i would always choose being caned 😃 .
was n't fantasy island on after the love boat ?
if you got to watch that you were up really late !
i used to get so tired but i did n't want to go to bed so id close one eye and keep the one my mom could see open .
maybe for her admitting love also means admitting she 's ready for marriage .
i 'm going to have to peace outta this thread cause of the shit talk
i do n't care who makes it but there is a market for a phone that is n't just google or apple people are tired of the intrusive ads and stealing of data
this is my mom 's house and she 's by herself that really freaks me out .
it 's not like someone else could 've driven his car or he could 've seen a video or anything naw nothing is possible in his world .
i would say that is possible but let 's face it these two are n't exactly exceptional intellects
operation yellowbird or operation siskin simplified chinese 黄雀行动 traditional chinese 黃雀行動 was a hong kong-based operation to help the chinese dissidents who participated in the tiananmen square protests of 1989 to escape arrest by the chinese
before working in the pharmacy i used to have the same sentiments about pharmacists telling patients about medications .
then i worked in the pharmacy and see how rough they have it .
also understand the differences between the registerd tech and assistant .
some pharmacists work as one person checking counseling printing confirming what medication is what recievings ect .
that is n't including issues with the computers or what ever medical system they use on there devices it 's a lot for one person and because of the nature of the pharmacy some pharmacists ca n't take breaks because they have to close the stores if they do .
once i stepped into that reality and knowing this i started to understand that doctors are just people and the amount of symptoms can be the same but be an arrange of diseases is a guessing game at that point .
it 's a lot more than we understand at face value .
that explains it you 're closer to beaverton or compared to me .
running routes against air is n't close to the same as actually playing football .
meanwhile you have a class act like naima doing a ted talk https youtu.be/lhd0vxdglb8 about growing up poor in detroit winning antm finding inspiration in herself to succeed and encouraging others to believe in themselves to accomplish their goals .
use that five seconds of screen time to spread the word or whatever .
i was n't staying up till 2am or something for it 🤣
everything i man a ballista i just get shipped snipped by crossbowman after getting about 3/4 shots off .
ah dar i thought we had home ability week 1 on my bad i can still get you a larvitar .
if you would rather have a random legendary than a trunda pull outside the x10 .
baron is a better pvp nuker as long as the enemy team does n't have a rotos but 3v3 exists and trunda is also great against lower hydra difficulties .
but if you really do n't want to pull trunda that 's why they give you the option to pull on sunday .
will getting a car make you go out more therefore making you spend more in general ?
how often do you really need a car to do groceries and get something heavy ?
can you get your groceries and heavy items delivered instead ?
is the hassle of going back and forth to your moms house really that worth spending more than 400k monthly gas maintenance and other car expenses ?
eh ncaa can bitch and moan but the nfl would be under zero obligation to honor college suspensions .
they could choose to honor them but highly unlikely .
yeah he sounds like a client checking the number of changes just to say « you have n't done enough work this month ! !
» and then the same client will wonder why some agencies do meaningless changes just to pretend that they did something .
right light it 's cute to someone inexperienced but ma'am you said you do take advice and then as soon as a real mua stepped in she blocked her ... like girl bffr .
i wan na sell orchids and ferns nd kiss my husband on the mouth mwah
i do n't think a legitimate accident is a sign from the universe that you have to give up a pen that you love .
yeah anyone that actually watched the game knew he was just rushing everything
and much like you when it was postponed i knew it would n't happen the next night either .
and as soon as i bring it up it 'll be all i care about .
i really do n't know how long i can take this .
but damn just wish my wants/needs were ever taken into consideration .
oh ya i hated it when someone explained something to me multiple times and my brain would freeze up
sitting here considering this a little deeper i was mostly agreeing with the idea that yeah d3 mostly solved this problem with a flatter damage profile that allowed them to add a log timer .
and i realized that what i most miss about d3 i could really push my character and if played correctly i was really in control whether i lived or died .
for a loooooong time my only death 's were to dcs .
at this point i think it 's important to consider the depth of each game and i believe that because poe is much more detailed that it would make it exponentially harder to make flatten monster damage .
some of them say that trump is q whereas the original q is either one or several high level officials with a security clearance from the department of energy for some wild reason that 's never explained
suppose to moved to colorado and i was just talking about how it seems like something is really wrong there ?
i purchased it in a fine nib which is delightfully springy and simply excellent to write with
chun li from the street fighter animated movie had my first pair of animated boobies .
as an oc poster you will be required to verify .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ass if you have any questions or concerns .
get some girlfriends and ask them for advice and feedback .
or just have talks with them to get more familiar with topics girls like to talk about .
please review the sidebar when you get a chance .
we 're also partnered with the left redditⓐ☭ discord server !
and do n't forget to join us on other platforms too twitter https twitter.com/gandpofficial tiktok https www.tiktok.com greenandpleasantofficial and facebook https www.facebook.com/green-and-pleasant-104366615515887
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greenandpleasant if you have any questions or concerns .
i looked through your comment history and this seems to be a common phrase of yours .
will you post a video of you jerking and shooting your jizz ?
still holding but the last 3 days will be a struggle
this means book spoilers do not require spoiler tags so if you are concerned about book spoilers you may want to exit this thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interviewvampire if you have any questions or concerns .
pictures 3 and 4 are very fake ... no way he went from 4 to 5 in two years of sobriety .
edit not to take away from the amazing acomplishment of changing his life and getting clean .
cograts to him hes in the very low percentage of addicts who actually get better its a fucned up disease and what he did is very impressive .
edit 2 holy shit after researching this seems to be actually true with real pictures ... my appologies for assuming and making an ass out of me
... it says something about the metal gear franchise when i can 100 buy that digimon could share a universe with it .
only thing i can think of is the downvoters know something i do n't like maybe the op has dick cancer and needs to raise money to cure their peepee so they indignantly frown upon my advice to give the toys to kids .
take into consideration the practicalities of immigration as well .
i do n't know what country he is from but for him to move to the us he will need a visa which can take a long time .
he will be subject to us tax forever if he gets a green card unless he renounces it .
hello thank you for submitting a post to r/bigboobproblems .
if you 're new here please check out r/abrathatfits and their bra size calculator https www.abrathatfits.org/calculator.php along with their beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/abrathatfits/wiki/beginners_guide .
a lot of information can be found in our faq https www.reddit.com/r/bigboobproblems/wiki/faq .
for example lists of commonly recommended bra sports bra swimwear and clothing brands clothing style ideas websites where you can order from and a list of influencers who have been recommended here before .
a lot of other frequently asked questions have also already been answered there .
we also want to remind you to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/bigboobproblems/about/rules before posting or commenting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigboobproblems if you have any questions or concerns .
she gets paid to drink and gossip with a friend .
being on dance moms seems like a miserable experience ca n't really blame her for getting her money 's worth .
if they are talking in english sometimes i do n't speak because i 'm not very good at speaking english
why are you bustin my balls about hybrid cars ... ? ''
might be they 're all pulling fom the same dataset or an offset and these contain loab data .
this would ensure that a similar output was achieved but if you 're not using the same dataset you do n't get the result .
i bet if you search ai fear on an image search loab will come up more enforcing the issue .
so not really a huge conspiracy but ai trending ?
i work at alta bistro and we love having kids in our restaurant !
while we trend towards the finer end of culinary we 're a casual restaurant and like to have fun in a light atmosphere .
while we hope your children will stay at the table we 'll make sure they feel welcomed and a part of the dining experience .
as far as children 's menu items we have a kid 's burger a grilled cheese or they can order a kid 's portion '' of any item on the menu if they dare !
as mentioned in another comment better for lunch or a late dinner as it does turn up at night .
lets drown in ahri stuff ! ! ! ! !
if your shelf is full its not a disordef just a sign that you need another shelf
on linux with the commands you can use there are man pages which give info about using the commands .
if you type 'man find ' without quotes it will bring it up .
find is the command is the directory you want to start searching filename is the name of whatever file and 2 dev/null stands for send whatever errors into a directory that wo n't be printed like if you do n't have permission to open a file or directory hope this helps
maybe the search was who voices flapjack the owl house and it 's truncated as displayed ?
he 's been away stationed in hawaii so we do n't see each other much anymore .
i 'm just meticulously preparing for when we see each other next .
it does n't bother me it 's just a lot to handle .
i want to make it amazing for both of us as often as i can .
no gw writing teams are nothing like a tv series
there 's either a gap in communication here or some serious straw manning
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/lrwwpxa4ta2a1.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
he cant admit to any if this for obvious reasons .
he sells conservatism to people who understand enough about the world to see the value of liberal policies he sells religion to people who are disillusioned by christianity and sexism to men who dont want to be called sexists .
you got so pay for each previous month and not a 1 off sub .
so it like 35 usd and not 3 usd to see it all
sorry for the late response was starting to put together a sheet .
let me know if any of my aprimons here https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1glxh9v4cm0k_6wx-hspyqbtpj05k2cldoaeqoha3gjc/edit gid=1463683158 interests you for your
i wo n't be able to trade until at least 2-3 hours later if you 're keen in anything as i am heading out
hi i am working in shanghai museum china and focus on jade research .
usually the piece is used to be an necklet or as accessories of belt depends on how you gon na to dress .
the exact market value is be about 1000-2000 rmb in some large auction could be about 3000-4000 rmb .
such pieces with double happiness '' symbol also could be a wedding gift for someone in the qing dynasty .
true at this level of evidence apex is a bully to kyojin etc .
like to start by 6 and done mostly by midnight .
i feel like if i start late i 'm not getting before like 5am haha
ingen här har ens nämnt invandring som självklart är den största anledningen till sjunkande resultat .
barn med föräldrar som inte förstår svenskan i böckerna osv .
do you think you could help me find the parts on dm ?
reddit what the hell is going on in the subs in which an ex boyfriend of a girlfriend post gets over 90k upvotes ?
ah ... hahaha ... got it i guess i 'm a bit slow today .
was hat sie sich da wohl hinten in ihr höschen geklebt ?
drs uptick from the big dip days low price overall and now a wallet push !
i do n't like to listen while working out because i 'm already listening thruout the day so i do n't wan na waste '' the music .
hpv is oral sex transmissible and there is no test to see if men are hpv positive .
it 's a frequent cause of mouth and throat cancers in men that are n't tobacco related .
i have a family member that is post hysterectomy due to hpv .
only way to tell if you have hpv is to have regular pap tests btw .
what can it hurt to try them out at least ?
it would make sense to at least hear about them and how they 're doing through references .
saare ir political science history waale ab iisc mei jayenge .
aur peer review ko sab apne andar le lenge .
peer review vaise pata hai na kya hota hai ?
fir dekh institutions pe peer review kyu important hote hain fir dekh ki institutions apne andar standards kaise set karti hai peer review k hisaab se .
jab sab padh lega which you wo n't obviously fir yaha aake rant ka matlab samajhiyo .
aur mental health flair kyu daala hai wo bhi .
fir ek alag se post mei jayio aur waha boliyo kyunki i wo n't bother with you there .
if you can correctly get out of the way they 'll give you a lifetime supply of confetti or whatever the fuck was coming out of that car .
jazz sarah stock wanted to just hurt the ego of tbp tired of women like them holding down more talented workers .
briscoes have been feuding with team 3d for weeks but after team 3d ran in on a match between briscoes and bad influence vince russo decided to throw all 3 teams into this match .
upset they were not in the title match beer money called out lax wanting to prove their dominance as a team and were successful in doing so .
trish was instantly the under dog when awesome kong set her target on the knockouts championship and unfortunately the blonde vet could not overcome and lost her championship .
leading to bfg danielson was clear he wanted to truly test himself at the big show and said he wanted to make the x division special on this night and he did so after offering the legendary kurt angle a shot at the title and danielson managed to hang on and pick up the massive win making the olympic hero tap .
a huge contrast to the previous match these 2 have been beating the crap out of eachother for weeks which led to this hiac match abyss slammed rhino through the roof of the cell to finally get the win .
umaga had been chasing lashley and the legends championship for weeks which led to run-ins on multiple matches costing james and kennedy matches which led to all 4 men facing off here for the title .
scott steiner defeats sting with jeff jarrett as guest referee 3.5 stars
3 legends with pasts that intertwine all the back to wcw days putting on a classic old school match .
brock and booker had been feuding over the title for weeks but just before bfg aj stepped up saying bfg should not be main evented by 2 outsiders of tna .
he fought hard but in the end brock once again showed why he is such a dominant champion .
so i use an a5100 as a webcam feeding into an internal capture card .
i do product demos for my work so i also have another a5000 connected for overhead shots .
the other day my 5100 would n't turn on .
i have been using it for 2 years and i 'm ok if it dies because it 's used for 4-6 hours a day every day .
i swapped it with another a5100 i had on a shelf .
before i tried my second camera i tried a battery i 'm my main camera to see if the ac adapter was the cause .
i then tried the battery in the backup a5100 ... . nothing .
now instead of swapping my working a5000 since it was working i grabbed my a6400 which hardly ever gets used except for a few family vacations a couple times a year .
this is where i 'm baffled because it 's dead too .
i 've swapped the batteries in with my working a5000 and they all work i 've tried the same with several ac adapters .
how in the world do i have a camera die with the symptom of not turning on no lights completely dead and now i have my backup and my main nice '' camera all doing the same thing ?
is there some timebomb virus on the firmware or is there a combo of buttons i can press to force a safe boot or something ?
for you non it folk it stands for problem exists between chair and keyboard .
i know this is a crazy ask but some guy i was talking to on grindr took a screenshot of my album and when we exchanged phone numbers he reverse looked me up and got my facebook profile and my old addresses and is threatening to send them to my facebook friends unless i pay 1000 .
and yes i know i should contact a lawyer i 'm looking for one right now .
i was thinking what if unseen elder is just mere gatekeeper or some chief ?
i wonder how the lords of their homeworld would look like ...
my name 's redacted until we talk and i 'd love to chat vibe laugh and cum together with you and really enjoy each other as a friend and as a fuck .
i 'm 6'2 220lbs long dirty blonde hair and a short beard .
here 's a picture of me and vid to get you going https imgur.com/a/tqopq61 https imgur.com/a/upqf33r and i can show face/body on video for you .
send me a dm or chat and i 'll send you my snap but in the meantime imagine thunderbolts and lightning erupting as we make sweet sweet love while fucking in a storm with the wind and rain whipping around us ...
i ca n't promise that but i 'll do my darnedest to try !
that is as he says she will always be with her '' but she is not a passenger of prometheus .
the show 's explanation is this in a rescue capsule launched into space called prometheus a dozen or so people were hibernated and put into stimulation to give them the feeling that they were sailing on a cruise ship in 1899 to america the new dawn .
in fact the simulation has a limitation that is explained .
nobody has studied the meanders of the human brain and these are only guesses about the formation of the human self and consciousness the formation of memories .
so as a result the brain begins to process traumas and painful memories that it was supposed to forget and create simulations that are incompatible with the original .
the main character makes her father the main evil the crafty and malicious brother the husband 's task is to always protect her and help her in everything and the son is simply to be with her .
the fact that the son is a simulation is known from the fact that his room is a coffin and the memory of the husband is a cosmic futuristic creation .
her baby was never born she had miscarried 10 years earlier but the simulation program did not predict that after losing a even unborn baby people often visualize it in their minds and it grows as it really is .
there is consciousness there is the subconscious and there is the superconscious .
you can exclude something from the subconscious and make you forget but the superconscious mind will always create memories of demonstrated feelings .
the woman wakes up from hibernation and discovers that she is trapped in a spaceship tasked with finding the remnants of new dawn humanity .
i do not know what the next season may contain as this one closed all threads .
post a story down about bullshit things that happend to you and yer harvest crop .
from trimming to mold to fuckers stealing yer crop even cop busts it 's all good on here you can vent about lil fucking crop thieving pukes or goofy laws that have fucked you over and ended up in jail it 's all good here so run yer mouth we wan na hear .
they 're always closed whenever i want to buy some .
how do they afford to keep those buildings in town and why have n't they been replaced ?
holiday shopping for my inlaws whos ancient bose all in one cd player tucked into a corner of their kitchen has begun skipping wildly until it warms up .
they have poor internet so streaming isnt an option .
ideally i can find a small set not much larger than a modern day game console .
stretch goal ability to support a wireless speaker on the other side of the kitchen .
i do n't know how it was for y'all yesterday but black friday was brutal here .
this does n't include flats or anything with a scan .
like yeah the g2 reboot sucks but i think that the ghoul squad episodes are cute in a way the style is fun the plots are simple and work pretty well and i surprisingly like g2 gil a little at least more than g1 gil
my ex and i had been together off and on for 6 years .
i am certain i have an anxious attachment style and he is a dismissive avoidant .
we have broken up 3 times not including this one and every time he was the one who initiated it .
his excuse was always about him not thinking he could share his life with someone he did n't want to lose his independence he could n't give me what i needed communication etc. but we would always get back in touch and he would say everything i wanted to hear in order to consider trying things again .
every time we reconciled after a month or two it went right back to the same pattern of me bringing of my feelings him getting angry followed by him blaming me for the entire argument and me apologizing in the end .
about a month ago my ex and i were listening to music we both had more than enough to drink that night in his living room after having a really nice evening out .
both of our energies seemed to have been aligned until i began to say something while a song was playing and my ex interrupted me by saying listen listen to the song .
immediately after saying this he began talking about something else .
when he did this i looked away with frustration .
he then said in a condescending tone i wish you would n't get so upset over small things like this . ''
i then responded with something along the lines of i feel like i get interrupted entirely too often as if what i have to say is not important '' and then i went to the restroom .
when i returned he had moved to the back porch .
i then went out there and sat on his lap and held his hands .
i told him i did not want to let any of this ruin the night and that i loved him .
i told him to please not be angry and lets discuss this .
then he repeated himself get off my lap . ''
before he even finished the sentence i had slapped him .
before i had the chance to think about anything i was doing something inside of me was triggered my primitive brain had been activated .
now i know a slap is a slap and it 's not so much about the physical pain but the emotional pain that comes with it .
that being said it was not a hard slap physically .
i immediately got off his lap and placed both hands on my head saying over and over how sorry i was and that i had no idea why i just did that .
i then went to get all of my stuff from inside and went home per his request .
i tried to call him on my way home but he had already blocked me on everything possible .
he reached out to me through email and said that it was over .
i shamed myself for days afterwords because i have never been the type of person to slap someone especially a person i love .
i have spoken with my therapist and several friends about this and to my surprise every one of them has told me that i am not an abuser and they are surprised i had n't done this earlier after the emotional abuse he has put me through .
anyone who responds to this please do not accuse me of being abusive i am aware of my actions and i understand no matter what no one deserves to be slapped .
i have been seeing a therapist for the past year or so to try and heal my childhood trauma and since this situation i have been seeing another therapist to discuss how to never let my anger come out that way in the again .
am i the only person who wishes the sims team would split up how you can buy packs ?
example i like the cas items in hsy but really do n't care about the gameplay .
i think it 'll be cool if you can buy cas and build/items without purchasing the entire world itself .
i 've missed out on 3 eps because the worlds or gameplay did n't quite interest me but the cas and build/buy was amazing .
i just think it 'll be cool to have more of a choice .
i 've been told i look good in both silver and gold i have blue blue-green coloured veins and my skin tends to look very pink with platinum blonde hair .
i cant work out if i 'm spring or summer .
you have to hit the airdrop at full speed within 3 seconds of it landing .
i 'm a limitless sub looking to get my mouse in some terrible situations hehe .
i 'm mainly looking for a scene where my mouse has everything taken away from her .
but that 's not all that has to happen !
also some smaller more weird fetishes like fur shaving and eye play .
but with the type of scenes i can think of i 'm sure we can fit most of that and your fetishes in !
it 's important that you are at least 100 limitless tho !
hit me up with a ref and why you are interested .
if you do n't give those things your chances are slim .
if you do n't have a ref or would prefer i pick i can !
do n't got ta text wall but proper grammar and 1-3 paragraphs per line is a must !
has anyone actually went to her pages and just looked .
for one her voice is like nails on a chalkboard second who started the colleen hoover books first .
last but not least do we think she receives the attention that she seeks from gabe drue ?
my birthday was yesterday but i was out of town with my mom for thanksgiving .
i sent him my walmart cart of everything i wanted which consisted of multiple room decorations .
when my dad came home from work he handed me all my gifts i got the quite opposite of everything i wanted i got a blue comforter that looks like a bed you 'd see in a beach resort a mini ring light and headphones that were n't on the list .
i know that i sound very very ungrateful right now and i feel bad because he looked so excited to hand me my gifts .
i do n't know if i should just tell him that i dislike the gifts or if i should keep them and deal with it .
or maybe buy everything myself but i know that would make him upset too .
but bored so want to chat with kinky people .
ok i 've seen past posts about this but it 's still an issue for me .
and now with the expeditions up i see people to start and then later while i 'm still playing no one any more .
in the sky on planets in space stations etc .
yes i 've checked multiplayer my wifi ps5 network etc .
i will have a good game where it feels like i ca n't miss .
even with a gun like the basilisk i 'm hitting dudes at fairly long range and they are dropping like flies .
then for the next few games after that i ca n't hit the broadside of a barn .
literally point blank with the basilisk the little blue dot is in the middle of their chest and i 'm pumping rounds hitting nothing .
also during the crappy games i 'm getting beat on the draw no matter how fast my gun is .
password is blue next to the fog door to mic plz help me
does feeling a shin splint for a split second by incorrectly getting up or accidentally stepping on it a few times corrupt or undoes time of resting and icing ?
btw i only feel my shins splints when i do stuff on my toes
doing this for a female friend who just got a chance to call us once when she got a phone and inform her situation so apparently she was in love with some guy and their parents did n't allow and she was fighting with them about this and her parents went to a extreme and threatened her and admitted in a mental hospital saying she 's suffering from mental problems and after a month of being there she 's back now to her parents place ... this is only one side of the story and explained in detail also
i 've been prescribed methyl prednisone for what the doctor thinks is tendonitis .
i 'm not a fan of taking medication but the pain in my wrist is going on 48 hrs non stop .
i 've always been weary of steroids due to me being 335lbs and the side effects listed that can happen .
anyone have any experience with this type of medication ?
mainly hoping it does n't wire me as i have trouble sleeping
hit 1000 on my way to my oil change today and opened it up for the first time shortly after excuse the 0 i was in accessory .
hit 12.5lbs on my first pull and it was a blast ! !
i went from an outback with 173hp to this .
he is forcing me he brought me he abused me he killed me
estas são as recomendações de nossa copa do mundo do segundo grupo
ps trailers pontuações busca com filtros avançados e outros título recomendados ?
sinopse reduzida vasculhando os pertences deixados pela mãe mae encontra algumas fotos antigas e descobre que ela mantinha uma relação secreta com um rapaz estranho .
enquanto tenta desvendar a identidade do homem da foto mae se apaixona pelo jornalista responsável por cobrir a morte de sua mãe .
sinopse reduzida um idoso sofre com as confusões da própria mente e rejeita qualquer ajuda .
enquanto isso sua filha tenta lidar com a perda do pai que está vivo mas cada dia mais longe .
hope is the deformed attic bound incest monster offspring of entitlement and fear.
i sent a care package from the us where i live to a friend in berlin and here 's the latest shipment update i got on dhl tracking site
a letter with your customs information is on it 's way to you.
has anyone experienced this and happened to know what this means and how long i should be expected to wait before anything happens next ?
the package just contains a bunch of american snacks nothing fancy or expensive .
stupid game is broken again hallowed armor literally just wo n't work .
i know how the set bonus works and how the attack i 'm getting hit with works .
the enemy is daytime empress of light and is shooting a light spear thingy at me .
just one can hit me and is n't a multi hitter .
i have my holy protection buff making one attack to hit me do zero damage .
then it hits and kills me i video clipped it rewatched it and yep the game just broke .
sometimes i 've gotten unlucky with it just running out at the worst time but this time the game just decided to fuck me over for no reason .
im playing terraria on 3ds at the moment and i have nearly 100 the game on my main world but whenever i try to join it it shows an error on my screen saying stack dump error it happened a few days ago but i was able to rejoin it but today i ca n't does anyone know why ?
i 'm thinking of getting an xbox series s or x to play some local coop games with my friends .
my general idea is to play old call of duty 's like mw3 or bo2 and some newer games like overcooked ! .
i will also love to know if the performance of those games are any good .
i 've looked online a bit and have n't found a good list of games .
are you are the girl i 've been looking for ?
i 'm not trying to change my situation i just want to be a naughty husband with an equally naughty girl .
i love chatting and role play and have a myriad of kinks as well .
i want a girl that does n't mind me sending her a naughty message that makes her wet while she is sitting next to her partner .
i love a good sense of humor and someone that does n't take themselves too serious .
i want a girl that gets off knowing that her pussy is the one i think of while i 'm fucking my wife
turn ons group sex daddy/dom incest ageplay exhibitionism degradation cock worship oral anal/pegging plus more 😏
let 's chat possibly meet if you are near salt lake .
you 're feeling kinda low decide to look at your bosses calendar .
you then scroll 10 months into the future only to see hes marked your 1yr anniversary then look and see hes input your birthday .
writing this post in desperate need to know i am not the only one who feels this way .
my previous job lasted 10 months and i did n't get along with my colleagues .
not that there were big egos involved clashes differences in opinions they were actually good people ...
i just never willed to open up and feel like a part of the team apart from the professional setting .
and when i tried to talk about stuff apart from work it was so forced that i could sense the palpable discomfort in their faces .
at my new work place the people are good .
but most of them have been there for over two years so they know everything about each other in and out .
and me being me feel more like a recluse .
so where they 're all talking laughing together cracking jokes not even thinking about me in the slightest ...
as if it 's intentional and then harbour a make belief grudge as if they hate me .
i know i 'm not the most social person out there but when they 're in a group i feel jealous and fomo .
the only thing that makes me feel better is my job but it feels like a unhealthy coping mechanism because i 'm a school counsellor relying on my student-clients is so wrong .
is there anyone here who feels the same way ?
what are some ways in which i can make my workplace a better space for me and my colleagues ?
or how can i make myself feel less lonely ?
yeah so i am looking for some notes regarding accountancy '' nepali ma accountacy related to mpa from pu purbanchal university because there is not a proper book or resource available in the market since the elective itself seems so ... rare .
i dream of sitting snuggled under a blanket cuddling expressing love and affection .
this here is why baseball has been falling off for years .
it 's also why mlb is adding a pitch clock next year
underrated love anyone who doesnt know sb i show them this song
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchatsextxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
during season 1 of nj carlos king said on his podcast that joe would always invite all the crew members to a family-style dinner after filming ended .
this made me see he was not always the tough guy he portrayed on the show .
because mrgirl is desperate and he knows he must release his article soon otherwise all of this is going to blow over in a week or two .
and so far he has almost nothing aside from a handful of crazies he can pull from to help him .
i 'm sure uv striking the synthetic astronaut suits had been thought of right ?
oh wait ... we were n't worried about microplastic then so probably not .
there is probably microplastic on the moon but you 're not going to find a sample of it i guarantee .
not too long ago i had a fellow redditor say something about finding out when i meet god. i replied with i 've already met god and her name is nature*.
right one looks like clear white which has turned off white over time .
the left could be clear turquoise but it 's hard to say with the coloured led lights around it .
it shows that white females can be just as bad if not worse pieces of crap as trump .
trump himself felt outdone by her and stepped up his rhetoric recently .
9 times out of ten these dudes with an asian fetish are also casually racist as well to asians
thank you for confirming my prejudice that you 're almost all dorks/losers with unfounded confidence/arrogance in your own beliefs .
glock should n't even be included simply because of the volume of guns they have out they will always be in 1st on these polls
put it all in there turkey potatoes cranberry sauce green beans .
or dip the sandwich in it like a french dip .
its so your opponent ca n't grab your clothes .
if he 's uncomfortable with his balls poking out a little then wrestling is n't for him .
the first time i put on a singlet i did n't even care and took 4th at the tournament so everyone could get a peek .
it 's about 3/3.5 ft jump but he 's basically a kangaroo
now i wonder how the horror of the sub shift ...
i 'd love to see a list of all the unreleased songs with time frames of when they were made correlated to them .
that is an extremely small sample size not to mention biased .
i had to recently buyout a lease for my dad .
my dad never leased and thought he made a good deal with 300/mo on a midtier honda civic .
the dealer even folded the paper work and stapled it so that the large font lease agreement '' would be hidden .
the lease was n't too bad though total cost of payments with buyout was 15 over what i could have got the car at least inception .
and it was due to end while used car prices were sky high .
the other option was returning the lease which would cause the dealership to make a claim against the auto insurance to get it repaired .
this would cause my dad 's insurance to go up and then they 'd have to get another car somehow .
i got bored of overwatch 1 a long time ago .
overwatch 2 did n't bring me back for long because its just overwatch 1 still .
if not for the price increase the alpine yellow would have been the hopper 30 i 'd have bought .
even some kosher salt has anticaking agents added to it to avoid salt clumping under typical air because salt really adsorps water vapour and those agents are technically classified as additives .
though i would presume said additives are tasteless since it does n't seem to be the case that people are complaining about kosher salt with them tasting off '' on the internet at any rate .
i think they model some of their stuff on ags so i assume it does .
i love the blanket hatred for soldiers i do hope that energy holds for those who fought to end genocide in bosnia and mass killings in kosovo and sierra leone
imagine your worse day on an hvac job and your worse day on a plumbing job .
due to recent updates in how reddit runs this subreddit will soon be moving to a verified-only stance .
if you are a woman please see the wiki for further information .
https www.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify keep in mind that men are not permitted to post on this page .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cumonmypics if you have any questions or concerns .
people have overhyped lsu as being so much better than usc .
when i was there partying in plazamidwood and noda back in 2013 they only had dubstep and some really awful edm music at places like the chop shop and the happening party on thursdays at that photo studio .
it was overrun by hippies with dreadful taste in everything .
the fillmore as well would get stuff but again it was hippy electronic dance music not techno or even house .
i 've always thought of techno/house being something found in bigger cities europe and with a more sophisticated crowd .
kinda cool this music has made its way there because i woulda never guessed it would .
not uncommon for the biggest bucks to be too busy fighting while some dinker is running around breeding
i 've tried watching the first episode how to make small talk twice and both times i fell asleep .
then someone said the best episode was how to cover your furniture watched it and really loved it .
but then tried yo keep watching the following episodes and fell asleep
i live in canada and watch it every us thanksgiving .
this is an automated reminder that is posted on every submission .
town or county age gender must be in your subject line if missing take your post down and fix it .
discussion about buying selling or exchanging money/goods/services for money/goods/services is prohibited .
we have a zero-tolerance policy for talking about drugs of any kind .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/njr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
damn are you 're 👀 eyes ready that blue 😯 they 're beautiful u got any more pics of your self i bet u would like really cute with a different hairstyle n different angle of pictures
100 agreed i like the wargames format so much more .
one time i started working on a multiple exam patient who fell off a 10ft ladder or something .
of course ribs were ordered but i decided to start with easier shoulder films .
i called the er doc and was ready to beg not to have to shoot the ribs and roll this guy all over his broken scapula but once i mentioned how badly broken it was the er doc voluntarily said to forget several of the exams including ribs and he 'd just order the cts .
hey cool i see that you got your family to put 19,975 on your books to clear up that property damage assessment and now you can enjoy some canteen . ''
anyways we 'll get accounting to add on the second payment installment to your books next week .
and the final twenty-percent will probably be put on your books the week before release .
virgin mother and child '' being the lyrics of the song make that a hard sell
i do n't think i 'm older but id love to sit on your cock 😅
ted kaczynski i believe he only got caught because of his younger brother and wife .
his younger brother 's wife read his manifesto in the paper and recognized the ideas and writings to sound like ted .
it was the most costly investigation for the fbi .
they were completely clueless as to who the bomber could be .
these sorts of posts make me think trolls or disinfo agents are about .
come on and thank us trolls for that jerr !
alexa bliss deserves revenge wo n't happen but has n't been champion since ronda would make sense
marx considered labor defined as purposeful and directed activity to be the primary activity that defines human beings and separates them from other species .
it 's a metaphysical position that girds the majority of his work .
it might be bunk but that 's one of the main reasons marx separates labor power as having unique properties relative to other commodities .
corn or some other commodity lacks this metaphysical relation and therefore it makes no sense to suggest a corn theory of value . ''
you have to disprove or discredit marx 's view on the special nature of labor power as distinct from other commodities to really undermine his theory of exploitation .
you 're not giving money to company to build better phones or services .
you 're buying a share hoping the idiots after you will buy it for a higher price .
in brief it does not contribute to society or help anyone .
he was just in poland doing some media stuff for orlen that 's why !
lol just imagine if they did more qb runs how dumb are you nerds
fyi for anyone wondering you can use powershell or a tool like service credentials managers '' from cjwdev to track down where an account is in use .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
last game was the first game in the g league he got over 26 minutes .
is it just me or has the receiving special teams for houston always tried to return it to mixed effect every return i have paid attention to was bad ?
center conductor to one leg ground braid to the other leg .
i 'm thinking bringing bags of soil and nutes etc may be a bit risky but if you get a good tent and filter probably could grow a plant or 2 .
if you have a window you could direct your air with a fan or something to pull some negative pressure on your room so it does n't deep out smell .
but ya better have a back up plan in the event you get caught up
your cocks perfect and i look forward to seeing more of this beauty ❤️🥵🔥
that means fed is gon na do more rate increases cuz consumer spending is still high .
i 'm just pointing out anecdotally that it is based on the number of collisions at that intersection .
if i were to guess it 's because people turning left from the superstore side cheat the turn and to directly to the outside lane while people from the safeway side are entering the street .
or the usual dipshits that are in the forced right turn lane realize it at the last minute and jump lanes .
or someone turning left from the safeway side prematurely turns while someone from the superstore side actually drives straight through the intersection .
i do push against that side of the car to stretch ... not against the pillar though .
i 'm happy with ya-sin overall but the dude could benefit from some mentorship we do n't have .
on the other hand if we had ngakoue out there instead of jones nichols and ferrell would be bigger factors .
transcending means surpassing the boundaries of shinigamis and hollows .
if they start trying to fuck real animals i might need to get involved
made the news recently the drivers are terrible in that area but the light is more of a marker and is blinking 24/7
i 'll make sure i show this to ye tmrw when we have brunch
it is such a struggle for me to get what i am after from hypno but there are some great audio and hypno tracks and talent .
but an addictive quality is n't fun if the trade off is your entire self .
awwwwww i already made a comment about this why do the silly gay people in my phone also love jerma
uscs one loss is to utah and they 're likely to rematch for the pac 12 title game .
that said all usc needs to do is avenge their loss and they 're in .
no i 'm saying you need to put on the list to add crying to the list .
do you use your kids ' fort builder kit for some type of enclosure ?
we have that same kit and i need an enclosure .
offense was n't helping them out in any way .
both my baby and i died and were successfully revived last year .
i feel like you 're saying 'boy 's hole ' and it 's clearly 'soul .
you write like someone who would see the black scientologists skit on the street and not only believe it to be true but somehow make it about you .
so far he tolerates the nail clippers but hates our dremmel .
he allows the vibration on his paws we press the handle to his paw pads and nails but as soon as the grinder touches his nails he freaks .
do you have any tips for the nail grinding ?
did you stsrt to fruit in bag or in a tub ?
drew pyne is horrific and should never play for nd again after the bowl game .
my girls were 4 and 2.5 when my son was born and he was in the nicu for 4 months .
we told them that he needed to stay at the hospital so that doctors could help him .
we also showed them pictures of him often and explained what everything did in simple terms this tube helps him get food this tube helps him get medicine this mqsk helps him breathe etc .
we had pre-prepped a little with pictures of our friend 's baby from when he was in the nicu since we knew in advance .
i think it 's important to be simple and straightforward with kids .
but it 's probably way more confusing and distressing for her to not have any explanation .
the entire native population would like to have a word with you
sorry lsu it was mandatory by the college football gods that texas and texas a m flip football records .
i hate this morning crew is he promoting some merchandise ?
i can see him making a shirt that says joe 's crew ''
i like how nobody in the comments really touched on the more weirder fact that the two nikkes op got do n't even come from their respective companies .
i want it to be true but i 'm not sure there 's enough room on that boat .
interesting so it just kinda stuck and coincidentally had trans flag colours .
i hated jack in a lot of instances up until the last few episodes .
however something especially clicked for me right before he died .
something about how they did the entire scene made me realize and understand so much about his character .
so if space oddity was autobiographical bowie would have been dead before he could even have written the song .
also very helpful when getting spanked i have a big friendly hippo i sometimes let a boy cuddle while i 'm reddening his butt 😈
yes but have you considered that those coaches might be toxic and evil
phones computers communication apparatus electronic static converters ... seem very essential to me .
how do you keep an economy private lives running without these products ?
it can also mean something else depending on the topic .
dude like at least half of the us team do n't even play football in the us .
this guy for example is weston mckennie and he plays for juventus an italian club .
pulisic plays for chelsea turner for arsenal aarsonson for leeds dest for italy/spain weah for france reyna for germany i could go on .
this is n't just a bunch of yanks kicking around a soccer ball these are players that are being imported to europe to play your game .
maybe learn a damn thing or two about football before you flash your us hateboner to everyone on the internet .
even the photographer nodded at him while he was doing it .
i went with satin ppf myself and my favorite is the blue on my car https www.reddit.com/r/teslalounge/comments/xxl0v0/updated_pics_of_my_model_3lr_satin_black_ppf_w ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=zmmdmd63637 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
if tosu decides to replace ryan day maybe they 'll bring back a previous coach who does n't have a tainted record ...
in all seriousness michigan is michigan because tosu is tosu ...
they both thrive off of each other 's ability .
that 's one reason why the sec generally has good teams .
many of their teams are in it to win it ...
i guess if you totally abolished all property ownership ... but ya i‘m not following that rabbit hole .
i do think it is appropriate for governments to limit property ownership for non-citizens which includes corporations corporations are not people .
more than 20-25 minutes is just mind crushing and i have the rower controlled by a video app ifit so it looks like i am rowing outside .
i can jump on the bike and smart trainer and cruise with zwift for an hour or two without a problem .
sometimes i feel like they should make servers for people who do n't like obnoxious speedrunmers .
i mean ofc i like rushing dungeons when i am farming them all week butt being an ass about it is really unnecessary and contributes to make the community toxic .
especially since it happens a lot in levelling dungeons where people should not expect the others to be experts as they may be levelling their mains or trying a new role .
i would take a server for chill people over a regular one in a heartbeat even with half the population .
edit maybe a simple fix would be to add options to the group finder .
i do not but i ate it many nights so he got a balanced meal .
no most days i wake up 5:50 and then i come home 18:00
i 've heard some theories that the emperor did what he did to give angron a focus for his hatred and in turn lessen the negative effects of the nails .
since you mentioned chopin you can give the op 7 no 2 mazurka a try .
believe there are some very late mazurkas that are very doable for a grade 4 too .
his 2 g minor nocturnes should also be doable though the 15/3 has a very annoying buildup just before the climax which precedes the chorale part which is probably going to take you as long as the rest of the piece together lol at least that was the case for me .
c minor nocturne posthumous the 21st one is a little easier than those two imo but does contain polyrythms if i recall which may put you off a bit .
obviously the nocturnes wont be a 2 week project for you but it should be doable do post your recent repertoire if you want me or anyone else to confirm that though .
other than that there are the posthumous polonaises of which there are 1-2 that you could try the first one especially .
i think 13 is a lot harder than people give it credit for wouldnt do that one same for 15 .
could probably think of a few waltzes too but this is enough do n't you think ?
what 's the relationship between his severe illness and devoting his entire life to work ?
instead of turning off 5g i suggest you to use smart 5g jus turno it off of your plan with your provider does n't supporto it
if anywhere is suited to manufacture and use solar panels it 's the moon .
comment that i hope does n't garner much attention .
when writing it you can contract it to should 've or use the full should have .
should of is for morons or children ages 6 and under
man with all these skills buffs that eor characters are getting it 's sad that emiya alter still has the attack and defense buffs for three attacks .
yes he is pretty good for bosses but he could be much better if his skills did n't last for a number of attacks .
if musashi got the double attack hits '' increased from one turn to three turns then we could get that lasts for 3 attacks '' removed if it seems too broken despite many characters having even more broken effects that last for longer make it last for one to two turns
or at least make his rainbow 40 50 instead of 30 .
nice ​​video i like ​​​your ​​layfullstopvevo ​channel ​what ​​​other ​videos do ​​​you ​​have planned ?
​​​​z​​​​y​n​​​​to​​​r​​a​ ​​​is ​​​a ​​​video sharing ​app ​​​i made and ​it ​​​can ​​​help you ​​promote ​​your youtube ​​videos .
in ​​​the app ​you ​​​can ​​​buy ​​permanent ​​​advertising ​​space to show ​​off your ​​videos ​which ​helps ​you ​​get ​​followers ​​​over ​time .
​​dm me ​​​if ​​​you have any ​​questions/feedback ​​​about ​​the ​​app ​​​thanks .
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
to make me ignore further mistakes from you in the future reply ! optout to this comment .
it 's so baffling that anybody would willingly take a job from a mr johnson with how untrustworthy every single one is .
yes sure tell that to the africans who 's ressources was robbed and still being robbed till today
sorry your submission has been automatically removed because v.redd.it is considered an untrustworthy site .
please familiarise yourself this subreddit 's rules which you can find in the sidebar or by clicking this link https www.reddit.com/r/hottestsportsbabes/about/rules and post again according to the community guidelines .
if you feel this is in error please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hottestsportsbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
in no rational world should you be blaming yourself for any of this .
you and you mother have been abused repeatedly for years and somehow think it 's your fault .
if you piss with your pants down you need to be put in a mental asylum
trauma ... traumatic ... if it hit you hard it hit you hard .
i 've seen some shit but my shit is equally comparable to your shit in terms of pain .
we all have a different baseline if you 've been traumatized you 're traumatized .
do n't matter if you let yourself die ... or even if you lost some good buddies .
unfortunately this is the same asset pack used by 50 other indie startups .
i 've nothing bad to say about this developer but as a rule of thumb i do n't play games that reuse this asset pack in specific .
again nothing about the quality of this pack or game but i ca n't get a unique experience from a game that looks exactly like 50 other games .
i think removing the tomato and lettuce is gon na be the move here .
waiting on my czech p01 omega to return home from a makeover at cajun gun works .
it 's lonely without her but i have sig to keep me company till she gets home .
a lot of the people that whine on the internet often do n't have reading comprehension i would n't beat yourself up about it .
i fucking love that game but no one should play it .
went the other night and the value was n't really there .
you have to pay separately for parking admission and ice skating .
i got some great pictures but other than that there really is n't much else to do .
hit me up if you ever need someone to collab with
1 i 'm not going to stop my friends from talking to each other while they play a game .
2 in real life combatants do n't strategize mid-fight because they do n't have time .
in d d if they have time to an consult their spell list roll an attack compare armor ratings roll damage mark down hit points take a swig of beer argue about the rules and yell at the cat to get off the table in the six seconds '' of their characters turn then they have time to communicate with their companions .
just one of those situations where you have to accept that a fantasy-themed tabletop game is very very different from real combat .
if he 's in another country he might be trying to avoid paying import taxes if he says it 's non working and worthless .
regardless i 'd cancel because you either break your own laptop or do n't and risk an annoying ebay claim when he 's unhappy with his purchase .
thank you for being lovely and kind with me ! 😊
the whole 'balance trainer ' thing is just a pretty word for aversive advocate .
all dogs can be trained using a force-free approach .
a lot of people here will accuse such trainers of setting no boundaries and letting the dogs do as they please but they have n't done the basic cursory research to understand that force-free/lima does n't mean 'no punishment ' .
it just means the trainers exclusively use r and p .
p has actually proven to be a much more effective punishment technique than p too .
they wan na talk shit but they think america is the whole world .
the uk extensively uses malinois also and here they all use force-free techniques .
i originally learned to train dogs from a former police dog trainer .
i 'm not certain of the rest of the world i 'd be curious to know about the netherlands home of knpv but the whole idea that malinois need p corrections is absolutely false .
is n't it curious that all the breeds with substantial aversive advocacy demographics also happen to be the breeds with 'challenging aggressive behaviours ' ?
fucking idiots here would prefer to listen to the likes of caesar milan than an overwhelming majority of dog training associations .
if they really think malinois need corrective training then all they need to do is watch one video by modern malinois to dispel the myth .
i love how op claims that their dog does n't pull with or without the prong ... then why the fuck use the prong ?
edit just looked it up and such techniques and tools are banned in the netherlands .
oh yes i wish she was on my morning wood right now
hello you have previously posted 1 submission to r/dirtysnapchat within the past 6 hours so your post has been removed .
please wait 6 hours from your original post before submitting a new one .
your previous submission was 22 m4f i wo n't tell anyone 😉😈 bburn999 http redd.it/z5un58 '' at 2022-11-27 07:17:58 utc .
please check the footer of this comment for more info .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat
who would n't want a hog roast for a racetrack ?
here is a quote sari chije bekar hai tubhi aur mai bhi or ye jo padh raha hai vo chutiya hai
i bet it 's just some guy who pulled up to wash his car bc he saw half naked lady at car wash then he offered it up for a small cameo in exchange for not filming him at all .
you could be right but i 'd be a little impressed if that was the case .
i did n't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/ohiohookups .
things such as jpeg artifacts and cropping may impact the results .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message post_id '' z5vy1c '' meme_template '' 177863
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=z5vy1c samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=100 targetimagememematch=97
i 'd love to pull that plug and plug you with something else 😏😏😏🤤🤤🤤 fill you up and plug you back up .
you 'd be so full and flooded i cum a lot check my bio for my ph link to see how much 😊
i do n't quite understand all the y t à and e s h. i do n't think your demands are crazy .
you said you saved up for the boots clearly this is something that is very important to you .
another commenter mentioned that she tried to talk you out of buying the boots as a manipulative strategy because she probably already knew she would get the them from her mom and wanted to wear them .
i had the same feeling all along reading your post .
if she would be a good friend she would be happy for you and let you enjoy them that way on that one day .
it 's not that you 're asking her to wear something ugly cut her hair or cover herself up referring to the bridezilla comments lol .
i am sure she has other nice shoes to wear .
this tweet just says they are reopening railways and businesses they were already open before .
the issue is when a yellow code gets reported in a neighbourhood thousands of people get sealed in their apartments or building .
do n't use reddit or is this so important in your life ?
you will miss out on xp weapons/armour upgrades and relics but you can get through the game without doing the side quests .
that 's always told to you but at about 12 years old i understood that people are unpredictable unreliable deceitful creatures .
this discovery actually caused me to shut myself off from people for a bit until i decided that there is no way to ensure honesty among peers .
a little later i found a girl loved her to death .
she was the first girl i ever loved and i would have done anything for her but we got into an argument over her hiding things from me secrets lies past things and she ghosted me for three days before i discovered that she had been cheating during that three day period .
she did this with a guy i had repeatedly told her that i was suspicious and jealous of but she said he was just a friend .
i trusted her on this and although i would voice my concerns on the guy she began to call me possessive and controlling which was hypocritical considering she wanted me to install a tracking app and was always worried i was hanging out with other girls to the point of threatening to sever an important body part for a male and broke up with me when i confronted her on her disloyalty .
so now i refuse to trust people especially popular people or people that have a history of deceitful nature .
technically the fetal cell lines used in many vaccines are derived from a few aborted fetuses in the 60s 70s and 80s .
these tissues have multiplied over the many decades since and are thousands of generations removed from the original cells and do not contain any tissue from the original fetuses .
so op is accurate about that part but does n't understand that since the catholic church is not opposed to using vaccines derived from fetal cell lines which is where they said their religious belief '' came from it is not a religious belief they hold but a personal one .
propaganda sites such as fox news breitbart prager u globalresearch infowars turning point usa
seriously both hubs and i had full rotations into ob postpartum and neonatal .
sim lab was a bit much and nearly everyone in my class had children i had not had any at the time so i was horrified to learn what pregnancy can do to a person 🥲
i do n't know if you got the answer yet but dr berg has a great video about this on youtube and it 's basically how your body metabolizes it.. most likely you are putting sugar or some sort of sweetener in it ?
i 've always been able to go to sleep right after coffee so i stay away from it and i also stay away from sugar for the same reason .
your glucose levels are spiking and dropping too fast .
u/kirui_jr by trading in r/giftcardexchange you agree to read the information below
no moderator will ever contact you to trade using modmail .
these are known scammers who will steal your money .
search your trading partner on the universal scammer list usl https universalscammerlist.com .
do not include the u part of their username when searching .
only trade with someone that leaves a comment on your post .
visually confirm they left a comment on your post by clicking on your post and scrolling down .
this is because even though previously banned scammers ca n't comment on posts in r/giftcardexchange they use tricks to make their direct messages look like post comments in your inbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
poor mindset ang tinuturo baon kung baon sa utang basta para sa gawain tapos mas pipiliin mo ma sisante sa work kasi mas mahalaga ang gawain which san ba kinuha ang pang tulong ?
diba sa work din so panu na okay lang mawalan ng work okay lng na isamg kahid isang tuka tapos pag kaylangan mo nga sila ni hindi ka tutulungan kasi wala din pera ang lokal napunta lahat sa taas
they said they were going to rinse it in water just wanted to make sure it would n't drown so they were removing the cement from the feet when the video ended
honestly this might be the best soundtrack i have ever listened to .
message/compose ? to 2fr 2fguessthemovie subject=bot 20error message 0a 0a 0ahttps 3a 2f 2fredd.it 2fz5iolm
what would that mean for a house with solar panels on the roof ?
more questions than answers come out of such pictorial information .
so the mujahideen and the soviets were using american and various exotic weaponry during the soviet occupation .
to some extent i can see how the mujahideen might get their hands on a few assorted assault rifles .
however these images would suggest more than a few were in theatre even during the earlier stages of the invasion occupation .
i assume the mujahideen were supplied from via pakistan .
did the soviets bring some american hardware with them ?
if so why where did they source them from s.e .
i can see that maybe the thompsons surplus wwii ?
i would drive the distance and put in the work for .
r/irlgirls is a subreddit that highlights the average girl that you see in your everyday life .
since the girls posted here are not famous or have a huge following we want to make sure that this is an anti-stalker subreddit .
it is not fair to put a girl 's safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you will be banned if you post/ask for a source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
if your dad is not satisfied with the machine i could send you my address and would pay the postage for it 🙏🏽
get off fox news and go back to school please .
well i was quivering on my toilet and i basically got it to a point to where i was quivering but i was about to cum .
so when that happened instead of waiting 2-3 minutes it was 30 seconds and i touched my dick again while still being aroused and i copied and pasted that again again again and again until i came ejac and you 'd think it 's over but no i just wait 10-20 seconds then can proceed to have more neos .
it 's until my body tires out or until i 'm at my 5th ejaculation .
my arousal/buildup does not drop in an neo only an ejaculatory orgasm however it is very short and temporary because males testosterone drops rapidly after orgasm and it needs to come back up of course me being a college guy that is no issue as i am a fcking horndog level of horny since my teen years .
i 've also experienced being energized for about 10-20 minutes after orgasm and it feels like a mini high almost .
i was shaking too when i was walking but not much .
i can have a continuous orgasm too by edging as i just lay in bed with my clothes on so that way my brain makes sure not to send the signal to cum and i can edge for houuuurrrssss and feel much more pleasure than busting a nut let 's say .
the tip of the penis is just an enlarged clit so i should be capable of one and i think i had one too .
the thing is with our neos is that for me the level of pleasure at my first neo is not the same as the level of pleasure at the 9th .
it certainly has a continuous effect as like you 'd mention .
the only times where i 'm not feeling pleasure is when i have to stop touching my dick before i cum but recently i think i 've gotten the hang of this and even then the after effect is lingering for a while so it 's not like i 'm at zero .
the more neos i have the more it goes up .
if i let go i slowly lose percentage but i do n't drop to zero .
the key is constantly being at the highest state while not leaking it out .
so always being at 90 in that drastically astronomically exponential state basically
it 's an affordance to let you know you can swipe down to access control center .
judging by your story this is obviously a 3.5 problem and clearly nothing else .
use source ports i too tried the expansions thorugh steam and they just kept crashing
the same bug appears in chaos wastes because same engine same problems
you literally just took a screenshot of an old cursed comments post.. ?
so i got trapped with my property managed '' by l q where they have not done any remedial work for the cladding yet and in consequence there is no ews1 form to provide to my lender this means i 'll be pushed to the variable rate and will not be able to re-mortgage it .
l q is stating they will do the work before 2025 ...
i 've been trying to find a lender that can accept this situation and provide me a mortgage but it seems unlike so far as i can not find one that is not asking for this form .
i guess there will be people going bankrupt with this current situation it ca n't be just me ...
i 'm happy my native american/indigenous american/amerindian is still really high throughout time .
i know a lot of people will think this is crazy but i love playing winter/fall golf .
there is just something about playing in the crisp air that i can not get enough of .
when it 's in the 40s and nothing but a big blue sky and the steady wind is just so relaxing for me .
i 'm out on the course and i do n't hear anything other than the road noise from cars passing .
there are so few people out on the course and almost no distractions .
there is nobody being loud in your back swing you ca n't hear music coming from the next fairway there are no cicadas being insufferable or bugs buzzing in your ear .
it 's just you the cold air and the course .
while trying to get a tee in the frozen ground might be difficult that is nothing making a pilot hole with a divot tool/car key ca n't fix instantly .
i have lived my whole life with winter weather so the cold does n't get to me maybe that will change as i get older still in my mid 20s l and i make sure to dress appropriately with a tight fitting under layer and then any amount of other warm layers needed normally only a thicker long sleeve and then a columbia quarter zip .
and most importantly winter golf gloves and hand warmers .
it 's a lot less fun if your hands are cold and feel like bricks .
so get those winter gloves because you want be able to feel the club anyway if your hands are frozen .
so i will take the warm hands with gloves that have slightly less feel for the club vs the frozen painful hands with no feel everyday .
i have always loved playing sports in the cold .
the feeling of the cold air on my face as i warm up from moving around is just the best .
in the colder weather i almost feel more in tune with my body and how i am moving .
maybe it 's from the ever so slight tightness that comes with the cold that limits movement just a little but my swing feels so much more controlled and consistent in the cold weather .
i can truly feel my hips and shoulders rotate together .
not as individual peaces but as a single unite working together to accomplish one task .
while there are some things in winter golf that get annoying like the ball not flying as far inconsistent role out because somehow the ground can be hard as a rock or soft and squishy greens with lots of top dressing not rolling the best and my personal pet peeve of no rakes next to the sand traps so you ball lands in someone 's crater that they could n't fix .
i know this post is a bit of a ramble but i just wanted to share how much i have been enjoying golf in the colder weather at the start of this winter .
if you live in a place with an actual winter and happen to live by a course that stays open all winter when the weather allows .
it will also make that first round in the warmth of spring feel that much better .
my dyslexic ass typed this up on my phone and i am far to lazy to go through it all and edit it .
it 's a acoustic i should mention and i believe it 's a jb-20lh
interested in adding cash for stuff on the want list .
hilton volume pedal the best volume pedal money can buy the standard for pedal steel players .
rimrock mythical overdrive vintage spec with diode switch excellent condition with box and goodies .
dunlop jh-2 fuzz rare fuzz face from the 90s .
a previous owner drilled a hole in the top for a power supply/added an led it 's been reverted to the side .
voodoo lab pedal power 4x4 excellent condition recently repaired by voodoo lab .
boss bcb-30 pedalboard very good condition some velcro attached 45
full licence to the daw reason 11 full license can be run as a plugin in other daws without rewire !
nike af1 high '07 midnight navy/silver metallic 2012 m 10.5 excellent condition for the age look unworn .
hi all this song has been kicking around in my head all day but for the life of me i absolutely ca n't find it or the webcomic it came from !
i 've got a part of the lyrics that i 'll type out below it 's all i 've really got .
hand in hand we will make this our home ''
and then the music gets a little bit more intense as it enters the chorus
everyone knows that together we 'll build a new life ''
i know it 's not much to go on but i 've tried searching anything i could even guess might be the title i 've looked for the webcomic from what little i could remember and nothing came up .
good luck friends i hope someone remembers this song !
this is a long one but i had to get it out of my head .
long ago when i was a child i kept telling everyone of my dreams and the friends i had in them .
i had an over active imagination and i took it that way as an adult .
as an adult i started having dreams of what i know believe were alternate timelines .
i would have such strong deja vu in this world that i could speak the same words at the same time as someone who is speaking because i already knew what they would say in those moments .
for me it feels like my body is heavy my head is light and i get out of my body almost .
everything starts to play out as i 've felt like i 've seen before .
i 've once caught a lamp because i knew someone was going to bump it .
i 've even predicted three deaths in my family so far .
i 've even predicted life events and it has spooked my family for some time .
once the moment is over i go back to feeling like normal .
now a few weeks ago i had a dream of moving into this new house .
well i noticed that a few things were off .
i noticed my cat was not an orange tabby but instead this black main coon like cat .
however what made me realize i may have seen a parallel universe was this .
my cat had two eyes and for some reason that made me panic in my dream .
i remember screaming for my husband asking why the cat had two eyes and he started to panic because when he saw me i had two eyes .
i noticed he did too and we started to freak out .
it was so real to me that i woke up fully believing that i was n't supposed to have two eyes .
it took me a moment to remember it was normal again .
i had the strangest dream and even lost control of my waking body over it .
my dream starts with me being some kind of stage performer but an anonymous one .
i have body guards and k-9 units and special ops watching me .
after a show a friend of mine and i sneak off to try and get a moment away from the heavy protection unit .
a guy walks up to me and i hold my breath before he puts a rag over my nose and mouth .
i fight back him stunned that the rag did n't work .
soon the heavy protection unit comes storming out of the venue .
they try to check me out but something is off .
i 'm placed in a chair and they hit me in the back of the neck with a wired needle .
my body no longer wants to move but i can hear everything .
i 'm apparently a prototype body with a program and my mind was transferred to it after my death on the battlefield .
they moved me to entertainment because i did n't have my memory of being a soilder on some planet called daw-thra or something like that for some reason and they believed it took away my training as well .
after this incident though they believed i might have some kind of muscle memory which lead to me being placed back into special ops for their research .
i still had heavy protection but now i realize it 's because i 'm a test subject .
nobody around me at least the average person knows i 'm essentially fake '' .
the whole she 's a celebrity '' was a cover for my protection unit .
i 'm placed with soilders who are more grunts and kept out of the loop .
i 'm given some kind of drug called dreamscape '' by one of them but it completely screws with my systems .
it causes my motor functions to shut down and apparently left a back door open in my program .
i was hacked without knowing by someone who apparently won a secret black market auction on me .
i felt like there was an issue somewhere but i could n't place it .
he says he will run my code and see what he finds but that 's when i lose myself to the hacker .
they force me to speak another language theirs and explained how they got in and why .
they are scared though because when they linked their mind to my body to bunk with my mind they realized my mind is n't from their universe .
my protection unit takes me away while my body is n't working .
i just keep speaking of how scared i am despite it not being me .
the invader claims my mind is slipping back into my own reality but instead of taking over the left behind body i 'm dragging them with me .
at this point my waking husband is trying to wake me up .
i 'm physically trying to get up but i feel paralyzed .
even though i feel and hear my husband the images and voices of this dream are still in front of me .
the dream programmer is saying to keep me here .
if i am dragging her along she must have some control .
that 's when i tell my husband i 'm going to keep sleeping . ''
my mind is stuck in the dream but someone else is speaking to my waking husband .
they explain that the reason i had no memory of the battlefield was because it actually was n't me who fought .
the mind they pulled for this body was n't this universe 's version of me it was another 's .
it was me trying to go back to my own reality but they fixed my code to make sure i did n't .
they did n't realize that 's what was happening at the time .
they tried to pull my invade from my code but i started slipping again .
this time they did n't fix the code they told me they would try to track my universe down using the copies of code they had .
they were going to bring me back if i agreed to it and would save my invader as well .
they claimed they placed a beacon in my program through the invader that would help them find me once they broke through .
the invader 's voice is ringing in my ears as i wake up in this world .
she 's repeating save me '' in that weird language .
i feel foreign in my own body and the world around me seems fake .
i 've shifted universes and now i feel out of connection with the real one .
i wonder if it 's true but it ca n't be .
what if it 's decades from now and i 'm not even here anymore ?
and everytime it 's me going back to that universe and them running tests .
they are trying to track me down everytime and figure it out .
i 've noticed that sometimes my body even moves without me telling it to .
like i made a lunch for my husband this morning and have no memory of it but he complained that i did n't listen to him or do it correctly .
a place for members of r/sonicmemes78 to chat with each other
you may check the link for shoedazzle 10 sale https cutt.ly/51chh1l .
almost always latest coupons and promo codes can be found there .
also current discount deals are available at the link .
so what is the best place which is best to visit by rich culture and monuments
just exploring some data sets for supplementary reading and currently so confused !
hello all looking for study partner to go over first aid 10-15 pages per day an hour or two !
was practicing slap bass for like three hours yesterday after never really playing it so my fingers are week developed huge blisters on my right/slapping hand .
i have to play at uni today how do i fix this asap ?
tmt bars manufacturers in tamilnadu https www.kiscol.com/product.html produce high-quality thermo-mechanically treated tmt bars that are used in a variety of construction applications .
tmt bars are known for their high strength durability and resistance to corrosion and weathering.tmt bars are used in the construction of bridges buildings and other structures where high strength and durability are required .
idk if its lazyness or the fact that i literally built most biome houses in my classic run for the sake of pylons and i dont wan na do that anymore
just a random thought i wanted to externalize out into the world .
i 'm always surprised just how many revelations i can make about myself 2 years out from my dad 's death especially when i 've finally admitted to myself that i need to take a break from school and have already started taking the steps to properly do so .
most recently my new 1 am insomnia revelation is that my attachment style and preferred love language has changed slightly .
i changed from anxious/avoidant to just avoidant after my dad passed away .
i have literally no interest in romantic relationships or even making new friendships/deepening newly made friendships .
it just all seems so exhausting and paradoxically i much prefer being completely independent atm despite my emotional volatility that i try my damndest to keep under wraps .
makes sense given the apathy and dissociation i 've regularly felt these past 2 years .
moments of tranquil clarity have been harder to come by recently too ...
i used to think verbal language and quality time where my 2 preferred language before realizing my 2 actual love languages are verbal and physical .
now it 's changed to verbal and acts of service being my main 2 .
i think after all the bureaucratic shit that i witnessed post my dad 's passing and having to figure out college all on my own has made acts of service so much more important to me .
i think my order of love languages now are verbal acts of service touch quality time gifts .
i 'm going to be checking with a few during the week and just wanted to ask what a normal price range to expect is for the first consultation ?
hello i 'm on my boyfriend 's account and have some questions about my symptoms .
so my boyfriend and i had sex on nov 6 using condom i 've been experiencing light cramps and watery discharge few days after .
3rd week fatigue moderate cramps dark brown spotting lasted 4-5 days sticky-clear discharge more digestive issue
i have already taken pregnancy test for both 2nd and 3rd weeks all came out negative .
i do n't know when 's my last ovulation and want to know if this is relating to pregnancy or pms ?
i always go above and beyond for my pets and no matter how hard i try i ca n't shake the fact that i 'll never be the cool dad
his philosophy and thoughts are completely different and his understanding by observing the surrounding human 's are completely different from normal villains in anime what do you think about him ?
for me till now he is on par with pain naruto
the lady is the future tyrant lady tyrant is the future empress of my wedding 娘子竟是未來暴君女帝
zhao jinyu had no idea that after his rebirth he would have the future tyrant empress who usurped the throne as his wife .
he puts in his heart and soul to prevent his wife from going astray in her current life .
but this beloved wife seems to be different from her previous life .
how come she does n't care abo ... read my wife is actually the future tyrant empress chapter 30 mangapuma .
let us know some of the communication skills workshops https lifeandmore.in/tag/communication-skills that play a vital role in improving the communication skills of one .
this life and more course teaches the secrets of public speaking as well as how to capture an audience and keep them involved .
• vital learning essential skills in communicating is a one-hour online course from vital learning that focuses on clear communication and active listening .
• linkedin learning effective listening is a two-hour course that teaches you how to listen attentively and with intention .
• udemy write better email this udemy course aims to help you improve your email communication skills and successfully communicate with your coworkers .
develop the leaders to carry the responsibility of the organization .
our leadership training programs teach how to control soul and mind in peace especially during the bad times .
this ability is so important for the leaders to handle the organization 's problems and to settle it with the right solutions .
we are trusted leadership training in gurgaon https www.franklincoveysouthasia.com .
if you know it 's not asexual then why is asexuality the umbrella term and not greysexuality ? ? ?
trying to understand the logic behind some of these asexual '' people 's thinking actually makes my brain hurt .
someone please tell me all 200k people on that sub are just trolling and we are simply unaware .
i ca n't seem to get my woocommerce checkout page to let me place an order .
everything works perfectly from safari but when i switch over to chrome the field to input your credit card info does not show .
i have tried switching to multiple different payment methods still with the same issue .
chrome does not allow me to input card info .
today is the first day of sub0 the polkadot developers ' conference .
the anti-scam team has done quite a bit to help keep scams out of our ecosystem see here for a rundown and how it is continuing to decentralize .
the latest polkadot community call covering what is happening in the polkadot ecosystem can be listened to here https twitter.com/polkadot/status/1596825254982479873 https twitter.com/polkadot/status/1596825254982479873
with 14 hours left in the current parachain lease auction frequency has been in the lead the entire ending period .
https polkadot.js.org/apps ? rpc=wss 3a 2f 2fpolkadot.api.onfinality.io 2fpublic-ws parachains/auctions https polkadot.js.org/apps ? rpc=wss 3a 2f 2fpolkadot.api.onfinality.io 2fpublic-ws parachains/auctions
the staking rate on polkadot has continued to decrease and is now at 46.2 .
https polkadot.js.org/apps ? rpc=wss 3a 2f 2fpolkadot.api.onfinality.io 2fpublic-ws staking https polkadot.js.org/apps ? rpc=wss 3a 2f 2fpolkadot.api.onfinality.io 2fpublic-ws staking
referendum 85 proposing to update the kapex parachain runtime code to allow it to upgrade is currently passing with almost 100 in favor with 13 days left to vote .
referendum 86 proposing an increase in the non-pool nomination minimum of 100 dot is passing unanimously with 15 days left to vote .
referendum 87 to upgrade the statemint runtime to v9320 is currently passing with 99 in favor with 1 day left to vote .
there are two proposals seeking to add additional registrars .
please endorse whichever one you would like to see become a referendum next .
acala has released a tool chopsticks which allows you to view a parallel reality of any substrate chain to see the effects of extrinsics submitted .
referendum 247 proposing to upgrade the statemine runtime to v9320 has passed .
referendum 248 proposing to open an hrmp channel between picasso and statemine is currently passing with 99 in favor and 3 hours to vote .
referendum 249 proposing to fund development of kagome a c implementation of the polkadot host is currently failing with 12 in favor and 3 days left to vote .
referendum 250 seeking to migrate several preimages from the legacy democracy system is passing with 99 in favor .
with only a few minutes before the end of the current parachain lease auction anonymous parathread id 2236 has been in the lead the entire ending period .
https polkadot.js.org/apps ? rpc=wss 3a 2f 2fkusama.api.onfinality.io 2fpublic-ws parachains/auctions https polkadot.js.org/apps ? rpc=wss 3a 2f 2fkusama.api.onfinality.io 2fpublic-ws parachains/auctions
i used baking soda on an oil stain for this shirt i only got to wear once 🥹 .
i 've used baking soda in the past and it 's worked for me but i decided to add i spray or two of resolve idk why tbh .
anyways it 's now left this stain ... anything i can do about it ?
where is the best/cheapest place for groceries toiletries etc .
i 've just moved to melbourne and do n't know anyone to give me day to day tips 😅 one thing i did n't anticipate when moving is not know what brands are better quality etc .
is there like a general consensus on shopping/a website that tells you what meat or moisturiser is better than others or do you just have to figure it out slowly ?
soo i 've been practicing widowmaker from 2 weeks and im silver right now you wo n't believe the result just check this video
i thought if i got enough they 'd let me pay for a character to come back from the dead or something .
i know you get a trophy for finding 200 but do they actually do anything ?
i 've been in treatment for nearly 5 years .
i 've tried at least 30 different antidepressants and 10 different anti-anxiety meds .
treatment-resistant depression is diagnosed when treatment fails to improve symptoms after 2 years .
i was able to try ect slightly successful and tms not at all .
i read abouts what other treatment options i have to try and according to the fda i can either try more meds take eskatamine therapy or surgically implant a device for vagus nerve stimulation vns .
my parents refuse completely to fund me to get eskatamine which although is approved by the fda is not covered by insurance .
i know that the downside is that it can take at least 6 months to notice improvements but it has a decent number of people who had improved .
diagnosed with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder generalized anxiety disorder ptsd and anorexia .
hey guys i recently started meditation and feel amazing especially with the breathing work .
i realize my state of feeling before acting on it and its a totally foreign and great experience that i never thought would feel .
want to do more meditation and spend more time doing it .
have heard that having a pillow underneath while sitting helps .
it there any other accessories that i can buy and which has helps you guys .
this has probably been answered before but i wanted to revive this since it has n't been talked about much .
do you think pink diamond herself was an off color ?
red is usually more rare in nature than white .
maybe white diamond knew her fate and decided to purposely overcook pd also explaining how significantly small she was compared to the other three diamonds .
my guess is that white knew that pink or red '' would overthrow her in the throne .
im sayin 200-300. i dont know how to help him would it be endgames and checkmates ?
i have an eng ditto looking for foreign language for masuda method !
hey all i 'm curious about what you guys think are the best companions and companion weapon combinations for quick and efficient hunts i use luchika and hinoa hunting horn .
i 'm from spain my dad 's in new york and he asked me if i wanted anything for christmas .
the first thing that came to my mind was makeup hahaha
are there any cool things he could get me that are n't sold here in europe ?
i 'm a sucker for blush and highlighter by the way !
i have a wet dream almost monthly at my ripe age 52 .
i got one of these meters literally in pieces and have reassembled everything but the wiring .
hoping someone has a shot of the inside i could use as reference to rewire it ?
i write a lot of general midi styled music that you render as a .mid file
i have things set up as you 'd expect .
fruity lsd on a mixer insert and 16 midi outs in the channel rack .
i 'm wanting use some midi effect vsts arpeggiators/delays/etc on these fruity lsd sounds but i 've come to find out that you need to use patcher on native generators for midi effects to work meaning i 'd need to patcherize '' my entire process and have everything set up and configured within patcher so i can use midi effects
i 'm unable to locate fruity lsd inside of patcher leading me to believe it 's not supported .
26 m looking for f or ff for fun or to chat
reg server population from highest to lowest looks like the following according to a quick look at login screen
like bera has lower rates and elysium has high rates ?
during blink 182 presale i had bought two tickets during presale and so did my friend but we did n't communicate effectively who was getting them we are gon na end up going with her tickets i was wondering which site would be best to resell my ticket as ticketmaster is n't issuing a refund for the tickets and told me to resell them since they are n't issuing a refund i noticed that if i resell them on a their site and any other 3rd party the price and fees they take away is kind of a lot .
any recommendations on which platform is best to sell them ?
i just want some of my money back as i spent 495.30 on them 🤦‍♀️ i was trying to see if i could seek them both for 450 and even then that still feels like a lot
i recently got put on prozac for my ocd it 's seems like it 's working but i feel like eating and drink has became more impossible then before .
now i just want to vomit has anyone else felt like this and will it go away ?
i have my own gripes with things and i have faith fatshark will eventually fix them but from an old vermintide 1 and vermintide 2 vet i look at this game and my initial thoughts are darktide will replace vermintide 2 for me .
as of right now vermintide is still superior in a lot of ways .
not in the case of vermintide 2 is significantly older and has advantages . ''
i mean vermintide 2 legitimately just is better in so many different ways that darktide should 've just been base kit with .
the biggest and most profound change that just absolutely kills the darktide for me is the toughness changes .
the sheer audacity that the shield that protects your health that you must earn to keep up and full just does n't protect you .
chip damage has no place in a game with enemies that spawn behind you bug or not or in a game with an intense heavy melee focus .
i know the game is classified as a shooter now but with classes that have heavy melee focus as their kits this is unacceptable .
ogryn feels worse to play zealot feels worse to play psyker and veteran get the best kits to just never get in melee battles and the 2 classes that need their toughness to protect them simply do n't with the way toughness works .
zealot needs less than full hp to get the most from his seemingly low use passive and his whole survives for 5 seconds from lethal damage and gets put at 1hp '' passive straight up just does n't help him .
at 1 hp and full toughness you are still at risk of being downed from a nurglet .
toughness being the way it is there 's 2 ways to do the minigame where you select symbols be an ogryn with max toughness or a veteran with camo .
otherwise the chip damage will stop you from doing the objective if even 1 small grunt hits you .
it 's a dumb as hell mechanic and the idea that temp health from vermintide 2 got it down so easily is baffling at this ludicrous step backwards .
some weapon swaps just take forever and are not quick enough to protect yourself .
yes swapping to a ranged weapon takes a long time that 's the point i get that .
but swapping to a melee weapon takes forever and blocking i do n't even know why either .
i get you ca n't have a 40k game with no guns that 's fine khorne says hi but the sheer fact guns hold you in place or stun you or push you backwards is just abysmal .
they are awful to fight without an ogryn or his shield .
or a veteran to just shoot them all when his camo activates .
i 'm fine with gunners being strong they should be but the fact they stun spawn in groups of 14 and are extremely accurate is fucking atrocious .
some perks are just baffling at how good they are compared to the alternative .
veterans active camo makes him the best class in the game .
it 's not 100 i know that is just top shelf god tier .
zealots holy fervor where he gets hp back on his undying passive activating ?
with the current toughness changes that 's the only way to really survive when this passive activates .
some guns are just downright better in every way .
some weapons just straight up feel like trash to use .
devil claw sword is good at crowd control but it takes 3 god damn headshots to kill a small grunt ?
that is n't just ineffective it 's not fun to use .
axes are the opposite they kill things but they were nerfed so badly they are n't even fun to use axes have no reason to not have good attack speed considering they have no crowd control .
the knife is a great example of this until the amazing dodge it needed in order to be mid tier was nerfed .
i have a handful of other problems but they are nitpicks such as crafting materials penances and weeklies .
but the reasons listed above are why vermintide regardless of age or time spent will be better than darktide .
for now darktide is fun and i like it a lot and i will keep playing it until more content comes just like i did in 2015vt1 and 2018vt2 .
but these issues are hurting the game in horrible ways .
this seems to be very common in the lost cause myth .
and pets my dear pets forgive us for we have wronged
hunger has made you bitter this neglegence must be condoned .
whenever you see a pet make sure they are fed .
librandu is not a place it 's people get it ?
a specter is haunting r/librandu if libbus wo n't come out .
i upgraded the gpu last year and i 'm really starting to notice the cpu bottleneck so looking to upgrade .
the i5-12600k is looking great and i know ill need a new motherboard so im looking for recommendations .
bonus question is will my current ram still work ?
if so should i chance another 2x8 sticks and hope they vibe or upgrade ram as well ?
bonus bonus question is should i upgrade cpu cooler or will the evo be enough for a average oc ?
i am thinking of using my danners for early and mid season upping the sock weight as needed and then selling my lacrosse boots for a pair of baffin .
not sure which pair of baffin would be best .
my feet get cold easily and honestly the lacrosse are n't cutting it .
they 're a size up for air movement and i 've tried the 1600s with a few different weight merino darn tough socks .
im needing a new toys to own and mold in that way .
no im not looking for you to be my daddy so dont start with that .
if your what im looking for and dont have any issues following orders like a good lil sub then let me know .
when responding you just 1 tell me why you would be a good fit for my sub your age and size cut uncut 2 how long you been active as a tabu dad and with who 3 must own a cock cage 4 let me see both reg and b day suit pic if these simple 4 orders cant be meet when responding then do not except a response .
simple boring responses or hey hi etc will just be ignored and block im not here to get you off .
hurry and dont keep this domme waiting to long .
frick stannis hi sstly maming this sub into like a friggin playhouse for his bukk frick
i 've amassed a fortune over my career leading me to the point where i can live in luxury without thinking about money .
i divorced my wife and decided that i deserved the best of life so i found you a sweet little nineteen year old to spend my days with .
you 're a dancer in a very exclusive club where the rich and powerful go to blow off steam .
fortunately the management protects its girls so you 've only had a positive experience over the past couple years .
i 'm a businessman who sees you dancing one night and i decide that i 'm going to take you away from this life one way or another .
it 's christmas time and you 're going back home for the holidays .
your job in the city kept you away from what really mattered pushing your now ex-husband away and turning you into a stranger to your own family .
you 're trying to fix that part of your life when your car breaks down and i come to ‘help . '
ultimately you end up kidnapped with nobody left who cares enough to look for you with your only chance at any kind of holiday being me .
we can take this role a more wholesome route or we can make it make it more dubious and twisted .
if you have other ideas that are similar please let me know as i 'd love to hear them .
basic limits futa femdom snuff transformation group/sharing and animals .
these kinks and limits are not complete lists so please do n't be surprised when i list more later .
preference will be given to those with few or no limits
please send me a message on kik with your name kinks limits and which role you 'd like to do .
please be literate and be able to send more than six lines per response .
i only roleplay in first person present tense and you must do the same as well .
also feel free to come with a reference for your character with both their face and figure in the picture no drawn/anime refs please .
if you do n't have one i can definitely send one for you as well .
finally please send more than hi or hey in your first message .
it still baffles me why they gave mp1 and mp2 two boards each and mp3 only one .
if i did have to pick another board to be in it would have to be either deep blooper sea or creepy cavern they have some decent mechanics great music and i 'd love to see how they 'd look in hd .
tonight i like short sweet woof woof throwing the home dog a bone w marrow
if that 's low effort i do n't want to see high effort .
when u wear glasses for the first time or even change lenses you might feel this way but your eyes will eventually adapt to them .
when my number changed and i got new glasses i had a feeling of headache for about 4-5 days .
you think this only happens in porn because your name is chubby tubby
believe me buddy this is regular happenings in reaaaal life
cata dungeons were brutal on launch and it was so fun .
not sure if this counts as a worst moment '' but it was kind of dick for mr. peanut butter to confront bojack on what was supposed to be a celebrity trivia gameshow .
i stripped my uberti with vinegar to go with a plum natural steel color
for the endgame missions you can put it anywhere you 'll have a lot of jaspers by that point and players are going to need help with almost any area .
i know i was always happy to randomly see a blue grave .
also i got a ton of glory after a few months by just setting my grave anywhere i wanted .
i 'm just going to go with pretty much anything .
you think you can have an idea about something then talk to someone who has been through it or go it yourself and it completely shatters your preconceived notions because you have just no idea what it 's like because a lot of the time they 're based on very limited insight or on the opinions of someone else who has likely never been through it nor have they considered what it 's like to go through .
there are people think it helpful to say i know what you 're going through '' when they are supporting someone however real emotional maturity comes from knowing when you do n't admitting that and then listening to the person experiencing the thing .
my ex girlfriend 's mum used to innocently call her cat flap her pussy flap .
had to fight hard to stifle my laughter and childish smirking .
we have nothing like that here the odd fox and owl thats it .
i would train my cat to walk on a harness .
you 're going to have to be more specific with your qualms rather than just dismissing the entire bible as being bipolar '' .
i do lol pay off my own loans and worry about my own shit
arlington misterman and grief is the thing with the thing with feathers being particular facilities .
these are very dark and intense plays that are very dense 1.5 hours .
i love the stewing afterwards dissecting what i just saw .
za mna ok. ale ako zistis ci slobodna matka nema nahodou partnera ?
aj preto by som miesto manzelstva zaviedol napr registrovane partnerstvo .
napr by mali spolocnu adresu a opateru o dieta ...
yeah i know it 's partly because of my training .
he does n't run from just me he does it with my family as well when visiting he chooses when to listen .
i do feel outmatched and i know good training and from what other trainers have told me finding more ways to burn his energy but when he 's dog aggressive to most dogs so no dog parks day camps or play dates lunges at cars and some dogs so no peaceful walks b/c he 's overly stimulated yet also likes to play wo n't play alone or stay outside long if you leave him i feel i 've reached a dead end in trying to help with that !
i want to try to build a better bond and make this work just do n't know how on my own and really ca n't afford trainers .
there is no way you are getting giannis for that .
if you 're punting turnovers why would it matter anyway ?
for me it was gahan wilson 's ultimate haunted house .
just avoid the smokes and drink for a few days ...
iirc steven yeun asked for his comic death right ?
as much as i hate glenn 's death it really shows the type of character negan is and it 's probably the most iconic death rivalled by rick 's 'death ' .
i would have killed sasha or rosita like maybe one of them pipes up to negan and he kills them or something .
it 'd be really interesting to see more of that type of abe vengeful and bitter .
i do n't like to shame anyone 's food choices but watching this made my stomach turn .
i am so disgusted by ronald and i am seriously concerned for tiffany and her kids .
my heart breaks for daniel who will see now and feel some kind of way about a man who should never have been pushed in his life as a father and carly who will see this when she is older .
i 've never seen a centrist say they 're moving left because the right is taking things too far .
nah i think i 'll keep calling out clowns who compare professional players to their 'glory days ' in high school .
if a 6 year old says they 're a girl because they played with a doll now they 're a girl ?
i 'm goin a say 16-18 is when you should take it seriously
most see his role as the joker as extremely mediocre and really just left field from what most die hard fans expect the joker to be .
also i think it may be a bit of coining this here for the record the nickleback effect where everyone just decides to clown on a particular group or person because of the high kek factor .
a good bucking is something that makes a good improvement aswell .
the wheel makes your hop up more finally tuned .
waldo custom short stroke kit and recoil spring for that snappy response .
i 'm waiting to see what the kucoin bot/mod has to say about this
i know with papa johns even if you select contactless delivery the driver drops the pizza at your door and steps back 6ft and still needs to wait around until you answer .
the person probably was n't answering the door and the driver needed the person to come out so they could leave and go to the next stop .
i actually like this sub haha not as soft or sensitive as other places on a reddit and you can tell it 's mostly just bros appreciate the lads in here
involving the teacher will most probably involve the school manager too i think that 's too much for just 3€
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greatview if you have any questions or concerns .
yea literally any form of 'halal ' mortgages are basically off the table .
i repair machines as a hobby and would not call one with bad timing trash unless it damaged other parts as well .
their rebrand has some of the most tone deaf out of touch cringe content i 've ever seen and is just reaping the fanbase of the original nyxl roster .
i do n't know what the fuck happened to this team and it 's really sad i ca n't support my home team with how they 've been the past few years
love how those tight jeans on your amazing body .
aww he accidentally broke his egg so those guys are cuddling him til he cheers up then they 're gon na take him somewhere for breakfast probably have him over for a day or two maybe longer .
yeah god forbid bethesda actually makes something different from the rest of the genre it would be much better if every game is just the exact same instead !
whoever wrote and designed him needs a raise ! !
you 're in the wrong circle to voice your correct opinion .
i agree with you 100 but unfortunately the circles on reddit are close minded and are not open to discussing alternatives narratives that do n't centre in victimhood .
i 'm so sorry to hear about your dad but there 's something so comforting about your story .
thank you for sharing sorry i did n't reply sooner i seem to have missed a couple of notifications .
makes sense when facu was bricking wide open shots and everyone just sagged off of him .
god what a disaster of an offseason after going to the wcf .
losing brunson and failing to replace him and not signing dragic because they think he 's washed and now we are desperately signing kemba who did n't look good last year .
i saw a ufo emerge from a passenger plane near manchester airport a few years ago .
it was baffling as there were no reports of it from passengers .
my parents told me it 's all okay and just make sure it 's consensual and protected
dual suspension dual motor dual braking improved speed and range .
based on these features alone they 'll be our best electric scooters to date .
yes honey i can handle you my queen be ready im cumming coming😅🥰😍🤩
when you drive recklessly you 're anticipating your surroundings to be normal and everyone following the law .
any deviation from that and things can go south very quickly depending on how dangerous you 're driving .
this guy was not being a defensive driver and left no margin for error in his driving .
maths is a bit off for f2p you are n't taking into account free gold pile up from weeklies nor are you taking into account f2p who grind ranked .
the math is 500 gold a day that 's 10 levels a day 7 times 10 is 70 levels a week if your doing every single mission .
on top of the 750 from the weekly credits is another 15 levels a week totaling 85 levels a week 85x4 is 320 levels a month if you are f2p and miss no missions .
also for whales p2w as you put it you can buy 800 gold of missions daily and 1800 credits daily with straight gold so another 36 levels a day if your max spending which is n't much when you compare it to what you are getting for free
sounds like she was in a bad household and ran away at 15 .
so literally it 's impossible to obtain after someone cleared the stage before you ?
so it 's not possible to trigger a mfa response for a da logging into a domain controller with silverfort ?
i asked the rep at cs and they said it is possible .
i guess if you were really afraid of something not working correctly you could just create a break glass da account with an extremely long password that is n't protected .
it 's just excuses on top of excuses to act as shitty as possible that 's what the world has come to lmfao
it 's working so far but it 's not as good as aveeno no slickness that 's for sure
i 've used macos during my entire time in college developing embedded stuff you just need an arm gcc compiler and you 're good .
if you want to develop a custom build root image or something like that it may be a bit more difficult on macos but it 's not that unreasonable compared to windows .
if so congrats to her new purple going to try that third sweep tonight for fun the second is one of my favorites .
tau mantas and tigersharks beg to disagree about aircraft not posing a threat to titans .
they 're just stupid poor people in a toxic relationship
how much of crap is in his pants ... . 👀👀🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
i remember that batman from this past ny comic con should have his pic somewhere in an sd card have n't even looked over them but when i interact with him he did seem and sounded like someone who 's on the spectrum though
but they 've got to extradite him and the laws are a bit fuzzier .
it 's tougher than madoff because madoff was local the investigation was already going on for a while and the law was more clear .
old soviet joke soviet citizen talking with an american we usually get strawberries in july .
when you do you get them in america ? ''
when i traveled to the ussr as a student this joke was recounted to me .
i told them this was in another age covid has screwed this up that 's a complete lie .
we have supermarkets that are open 24 hours per day . ''
why are you practicing cnc kinks without a safeword and mutual understanding beforehand ?
ass beating for sure but few people actually know the consequences of being a viral punching bag .
you knew when you wrote this post that you had already spent r 's entire original college fund in her trip to australia and you left it out so people would side with you .
btw idk what masters r is going for but i doubt it 's that much more impressive than med school .
k deserves way more pride and respect from you as her parent .
she is working her ass off in school every day to literally save lives for a living .
if anyone deserves extra financial help for school it 's her .
tell us whether you 're in england wales scotland or ni as the laws/issues in each can vary
any replies received must only be used as guidelines followed at your own risk
if you receive any private messages in response to your post please let the mods know https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhousinguk subject=i received a pm
if you do not receive satisfactory advice after 72 hours you can let the mods know https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhousinguk subject=my question is unanswered
feel free to provide an update at a later time by creating a new post with update https www.reddit.com/r/housinguk/search ? q 3aupdate sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all in the title
all replies to op must be on-topic helpful and civil
if you do not follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/housinguk/about/rules you may be banned without any further warning
please include links to reliable resources in order to support your comments or advice
if you feel any replies are incorrect explain why you believe they are incorrect
do not send or request any private messages for any reason without express permission from the mods
please report posts or comments which do not follow the rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/housinguk if you have any questions or concerns .
i had to actually convince him that i wanted to do that .
oddly enough i hated giving them to my x .
it 's a difference of men with me and tell your wife that 𝙄 𝙡𝙤𝙫𝙚 𝙢𝙖𝙠𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙝𝙞𝙢 𝙝𝙖𝙥𝙥𝙮 𝙡𝙞𝙠𝙚 𝙩𝙝𝙖𝙩 𝘼𝙉𝘿 𝙞 𝙩𝙖𝙨𝙩𝙚 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙬𝙖𝙮 𝙞 𝙢𝙖𝙙𝙚 𝙝𝙞𝙢 𝙝𝙖𝙥𝙥𝙮 ... ...
any guess on joe 's opponent for final battle ?
i think bandido could be a great tv champion if they 're really getting a weekly show .
you have to sync accounts with the old one or it wo n't detect your characters .
this is the most critical thing but it 's not explained anywhere
yeah they are doing them in order of control numbers this makes sense
he just said there are other problems to solve .
junkies made their choices they can live with them .
it was sadly overlooked in its day but rewatching it now as i did just 2 days ago it holds up really really well .
luckily we have a really well-funded health service to deal with a flood of people with mould-related illnesses .
that 's why i always keep it on my quick resume on xbox
i was hoping for today being that monday but i guess we have to wait
who else has a functioning space agency capable of this mission ?
theranos actually tested all the people they said they tested with their new machine with industry standard tests .
the problem was they were claiming their machine was much faster and cheaper than the standard tests to con money out of investors .
this is a message directed to all newcomers to make you aware that r/tiktokcringe evolved long ago from only cringe-worthy content to tiktoks of all kinds !
if you 're looking to find only the cringe-worthy tiktoks on this subreddit which are still regularly posted we recommend sorting by flair which you can do here https www.reddit.com/r/tiktokcringe/comments/galuit/click_here_to_sort_by_flair_a_guide_to_using currently supported by desktop and reddit mobile .
see someone asking how this post is cringe because they did n't read this comment ?
be sure to read the rules of this subreddit before posting or commenting .
do n't forget to join our discord server https discord.gg/n2e5tnhfzh !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tiktokcringe if you have any questions or concerns .
i have said it before but this is what i think happens sbmm gives you teammates that are new and never touched the game before when you do good for a while .
i do n't feel like you actually move up in skill ranks .
in games i try in i average 1.0 kd sometimes higher like 2.50 on good days .
if i have let 's say 4 maybe 5 games where i am top 5 in big games like ground war or invasion or to 1 or 2 in other game modes what i notice is i will get 5 or 6 games where my team absolutely blows and no matter how well i play we just get absolutely crushed .
it does not matter what mode it 's in it can be invasion kill confirmed hard point dom you name it and these dudes i get on my team seem to not even have the slightest clue what they are doing .
half the time they will not even leave spawn .
it 's like they have never played a single cod game before .
i mean i am not the best at the game but it can be pretty bad .
it 's like the game fills your team up with people way below your skill level as teammates and the enemy has higher-skilled players .
he 's been nurtured and is sociable so most likely already has an owner .
walker olave or pierce probably get it unless brob goes 100 every game from now on
good luck finding a guy who will only look at you .
c'mon my wife of 38 years has men she finds attractive like chris hemsworth and will farrow .
i see women who i find attractive as well .
this does not mean i find my wife less attractive or less desirable or less than them .
i can and she can find others attractive even fantasize without it meaning anything other than that 's how the human brain is wired .
what matters is our commitment to each other and that each day i return to her and she to me .
one day you will be 59 like my wife so you better get used to others being attractive in ways you can no longer measure up to .
i can never be thor even in my younger days .
why would she be apologizing with a deep bow '' when he is looking in precisely the opposite direction ?
face-to-face is standard practice in japanese culture is it not ?
yeah maybe some people bracketed those two things but i 've never heard this either .
things like agile software development or scrum have their roots in the toyota production system .
this is my sister sam and my other sister sam .
sadly my sister sam could n't make it today she passed away . ''
having a hard time with this as well after feeling used and worthless after being lied to..
if only republicans and some moderates understood how voting works we would n't have people trying to blame democrats for the actions of republicans .
apparently it 's all democrats fault for not codifying it and not on the republicans for actively taking away women 's rights with no regard for their health .
what are they gon na do put me in jail ?
they often check for pregnancy at obgyn appointments as part of their yearly exam .
if you 're uncomfortable with the test i suppose you can refuse to provide a urine sample .
my takeaway from the nyts vehicle deaths article is that you should just avoid walking and biking .
i like how you match your undies to your scrubs .
you do bring up a valid point sure it could be utter coincidence but for it to be such a resemblance is definitely warranting some research .
their rooms are basically the only chore '' we have for them at our house eow .
and generally picking up after themselves in common areas .
and honestly they 're allowed to make their room as messy as they want when they 're there but before they leave to go back to bms it has to be cleaned up .
so the messier it gets over the weekend the more effort it is to clean it at the end .
sd14 has finally been realizing this and now it 's not as messy throughout the weekend as it once was .
at one point my dh had to monitor throughout the weekend because it would get so bad it took her 2 hours on sunday to clean it and she would have a meltdown because it was overwhelming .
i say do n't bug them everyday about it but sunday morning or whatever day they go back explain the room needs to look as it did when they arrived .
if you 're consistent with this eventually they realize they 're not getting out of it and it improve as time goes on because they realize theyre making more work for themselves by not staying on top of it .
as far as the clothes go we tried getting them to put them away neatly but at this point i let them shove them in drawers if they feel like it .
if they want to wear wrinkled clothes that 's their business .
i feel like this improves with age too once they become more aware of their appearance and how if affects their relationships with peers .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required location tags .
you can view the valid location tag list at https www.reddit.com/r/askhr/wiki/rules/location
example if you are from iowa then your title should look something like this ia boss wants to dock my pay for wearing pink floyd shirts can he do that ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askhr if you have any questions or concerns .
wait a minute this is just a butchered ots 14
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
you act like the only thing that 's educational is textbooks .
the bible is one of if not the greatest works of literature in human history .
it has been translated printed and read more than any other book in history .
yet you act like it has zero value to students .
if you 're going to throw out the bible are you also throwing out shakespeare and harper lee too ?
there 's some pretty solid threads on it from china experts on twitter tbh .
general consensus seems to be fuck all 2ill happen except maybe stopping lockdowns and rhen if bulk ppl die saying we told you so
a lot of libs and centrists are planning to leave those cities so it 'll only become redder .
this years midterms were super red even for texas .
i watched it recently it 's actually pretty good .
a little heavy on the teen drama but i enjoyed the mystery and wednesday 's actor was good in the role .
if they do a season 2 i 'd like there to be more mystery more spooky shit and less teen drama or better written teen drama .
thanks for your submission to r/pokemongo your post is up and running !
rule 3 no cheating suggesting cheating naming cheating tools and more .
please take a look at this rule here https www.reddit.com/r/pokemongo/wiki/rules wiki_rule_three.3a_piracy_and_cheating .
this is a place to have a healthy discussion with trainers from all over the world .
if you feel someone is misbehaving please use the report button or send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongo mods button and move on !
would you like to chat about the game participate in raids share catches make new friends and more ?
if a post and/or comment is violating the rules please make sure to use the report button or send a modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongo mods button .
while we are trying our best to help users help from the community is also necessary to maintain a healthy environment for everyone .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongo if you have any questions or concerns .
punt aside i thought he looked pretty good at points .
as my flair suggest i do n't have a favorite but demo is my most played and heavy is my least played
dux has been proven to be a notorious fraudster .
there 's a video where a guy says he was at the real '' kumite .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchatsextfriends if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've had the dwf for almost a week .
that 's not the ribs that he felt move ... that was the dawg in him .
not sure if your tt has this but you need to adjust the anti-skating adjustment .
yes the blue ones are fine ss is superspeed which was introduced with usb 3.0 .
the red ones and the type c '' ones are even better .
oh the other guy already knows and is on my side it 's just my boyfriend i 'm worried about so if it 's positive then that will actually leave me worse off really
the two entities need to act as two separate entities .
if there are bid processes insurance payments etc that shows that the owners companies are acting as separate businesses and not as part of the rental business than it would be fine .
but when you start exchanging labor for equity it makes the two businesses the same .
i agree with your point but disagree with the analogy .
if i saw someone stack 10 cans vertically that would be kickass .
i 've never stacked more than 6 at a time .
trump tried to strip federal funds from cities that would n't enforce immigration law .
i do n't remember the details it was a while ago it got slapped by courts
this is why you should take in poor single women with zero kids or shitty partners .
help people who actually deserve help and know how to respect their hosts .
stop helping trash can people just because they have kids or are your friends help people who are n't disrespectful shitty humans .
that sucks and i 've been dealing with disrespectful roommates forever as a single woman and also fleeing abusive partners and hostile and addict minded males in living situations forever now .
i 'm stuck in rent hell california where i am from and grew up .
no one raised millennials with a sense of order and cleanliness apparently they all had a maid or housewife mom maybe and thought they were gon na become big stars who never had to wash a dish or do their own laundry or clean up any of their messes .
i feel like the entitlement to making a mess and expecting other people to clean it up is like a weird result of know one really taking responsibility for their own offspring or a collective society that needed and still needs more accountability and practical maturity instilled in them .
just a calculation during the buy of a new vehicle .
this is so so cool i did n't even know this story went this far in europe !
do not ever suggest something being unlocked with produce points .
in addition to a concrete breaker i 'd also suggest a concrete saw as it can be easier to break out with cuts in it .
respirator for this sort of job glasses gloves etc !
legitimately one of the worst i 've ever seen .
barcelona 2009-2013 ish were obviously one of the most unstoppable forces but they had so many games of bullshit refereeing that i started believing the conspiracy theories about them .
i vaguely recall they had some bullshit hernán crespo goals ruled out against them.for no reason around that time .
i ca n't believe bertrand russell is the latest celeb to be outed as a nepo baby
all jokes aside i got whiplash from seeing that his grandfather was born in the 18th century .
it makes perfect sense considering most of russell 's impact sirs square in the first half of the 20th century but my human brain is awful at wrapping itself around how time works
yeah bobby seems strangely impressed at the effort from murf partners .
everyone needs to go to a gas station for all their fuel in an ice vehicle .
but you really only have to use a fast charger like that on a long drive in a bev .
unless i do more then 400-500 kms in a day my car just charges at home while i sleep .
i have driven an electric car for 4.5 years and 94 of my driving was accomplished with my charger at home .
so the goal is to make sure there is also slower charging where your car sits most of the time home/work so that most of the charging is done that way .
i 've had good and bad experiences and i 'm very hesitant to trust mental health professionals now .
please do not douche ever especially 5 days post-op .
i 'm not sure if you 're using that term loosely .
diarrhea would n't be considered a normal side effect 5 days post-op but it could be caused by any number of things and may not be problematic .
i strongly recommend you call your surgeon and update them there should be someone on call .
just thinking to myself wow look at all those 3rd-down backs.
i do n't know the formula but you can get streaks from killing bots .
maybe it 's 2:1 i have no idea but i 've gotten streaks when my last kill was a bot and i was v confused
damn if you do n't stop crying you 're gon na get a reddit cares award i 'm worried about you !
as a chiefs fan i love to see a non chiefs fan admit that mahomes is on top .
hill is a huge talent and a game changer but like you said mahomes has played better without him .
reid is a genius and mahomes is an amazing talent .
this is not directed at you op but to the rest of the mainstream media
can we please stop talking about how mahomes doesnt have hill ! ? ! ?
i just wanted to say that i once tied up 8 3.5hdds that were dead and used it as a boat anchor
mma has a really specific meta that would be altered with different rules like groin shots and eye gouging .
being forced to submit your opponent over simply breaking a joint means a lot of stand-up grappling is ineffective .
would love to see a full-on blood combat sport but it 's never going to happen .
uh lol they switched to pharah that's why i died . ''
look up nirvana at cal jam basically a festival where they got back together
i was there the same night and yeah not a great experience .
i always tell myself i 'll stop going every year but still i end up treking out
father my reaction to the introduction to this film has been suboptimal .
i would like inquire as to whether or not our continued presence in this venue is required or if we might abscond to acquire the frozen custard i was promised for behaving pleasantly.
that was the real quote and i know because i 'm the light waves that come from movie projectors and i was there .
hurry up elon ca n't wait to buy the tsla phone
once in a lifetime opportunity '' to go off with some cheating lying jerk ?
yeah ... ..i think we can all predict how that 's going to be a great option for op .
was this a thing the bears ever even considered doing ?
it does n't make sense at all to bring in a qb when you have one on a rookie contract and the team was not at all together yet and you you have 100 million cap the year after .
so these are two separate stories and your conflating one with the other .
i think that the new hair color is wonderful but i think that it would be even better to see in front of a mirror and see how your spectacular natural breasts and curves move all over the place on all fours .
he signed an extension in september so i do n't see why he would need to pull that card not to mention that clemson gives him whatever he wants .
what do you think climate change will do to the economy ?
i lose my faith in humanity day by day seeing how many people agree with these shit takes .
du verlierst doch nicht die staatsangehörigkeit nur weil der pass abläuft .
und wieso hast du keinen anspruch bis 21 wenn er jetzt schon abläuft ?
the worst is near me there is a hiking trail sidewalk that goes under all the of the electricity towers .
but i truly do n't understand why anyone would want to go for a walk on essentially a sidewalk of electricity towers .
i have found a big discrepancy between what level of effort people tell me they are putting in and what i see as the results of that effort .
i just think you have to recognize that both parties have their own vision for the relationship and so a lot of 'work ' people think they are putting in is primarily for their view of the relationship and is all but unnoticed by their partner who is focused on their view .
especially because her mom is very active on social media .
when i was in university i did tech support for comcast close to 20 years ago now .
i will fully admit i was a terrible employee and i hated that job .
i 'd constantly drop calls if they seemed like they 'd be more than sending out a tech or power cycling their modem .
i always got very positive performance reviews because of my good call times 😂
bro literally apologized and admitted his ignorance how tf is he being arrogant ?
the never done any basic form of physical exercise '' was uncalled for .
some of us exercise on their own y'know i 'll admit i have n't done any major exercise for the past year but still
i tried to fix my ex ... believe me just do n't .
there 's a difference between supporting your partner and fixing them .
do you know how nice it feels not to be included on this list
she already has white hair and light skin so we could get ...
the prophecy is a false prophecy made by faye most likely so they get even more motivated
d.va and the mech look more armoured up which should be the case when fighting in warzones .
her overwatch 1 suit looks like a 1mm wetsuit for free diving .
i also like the darker colour tones on the mech helps it pop out more with the contrast .
is it similar enough the learning curve would n't be that steep .
i mean i have never used linux but i have been on windows since 3.1 dos before that .
seems daunting to try something new at this point .
does mint have any advantages over 7 other than not being by gates ?
i do a lot of streaming and torrenting and browsing on my machine .
if it can run qbtorrent and my vpn successfully is pretty important .
i mean will it run most windows programs or do they make linux versions .
i swear dude i have been using 7 so long and fighting this 8.1 pro computer and my 10 pro computer since the day i got them just trying to keep them working good enough to browse .
my 8.1pro is doing ok now but that 10 laptop is the biggest pos i have ever owned .
it uses so much mem and resources for absolutely nothing i just do n't get it .
i put an ssd in did a clean install of win and it will still barely run netflix with 4gb of ram .
it freezes multiple times per show and is clunky .
i am sure it is all just to force you to buy higher computers as i 'd gotten my previous laptop with same specs and it was amazing .
i 'm actually a 7 year old who likes to smack random people
beating up all the paldea trainers with my buddies would be hilarious but a lot more fun than curbstomping them on my own tbh .
you say you 're the happiest childless millennials on earth the fact you had to state that on a t shirt shows that was a lie .
happy people do n't feel the need to publicly broadcast their happiness levels and personal life decisions to the world .
the latest version is for personal projects and lts for something more important
i love how rocky spends so much time in brazil but still said rio is the capital.. its brasilia rocky
the site suggests enfj as top choice and infj as second
i do n't need sleep i need to do as the brain commands .
i bet he was fucking panicing while he was stuck in animation
i 'm pretty sure the girl with the pearl earring and the dragon one were human made cuz i saw them a while ago
teenaged wednesday addams is establishing herself as the antithesis of her mother morticia addams .
believe me my own daughter has no desire to be anything like yours truly !
thank you but i have no such desires inshallah we 'll all do our part to inspire each other when needed though
i 'm glad someone out there is just playing a bro that can look very disappointed before dropping the melee equivalent of a nuke on someone they are trying to help lmao
how can you say that is n't right or wrong ?
people have drug problems because their material conditions are in squalor .
their is no confidence of pulling out a stable and healthy existence because capitalist interests have destroyed the country .
fentanyl was invented and poured into the streets for profit not for medicine and it can be stopped .
it 's not inevitable we could just stop maunfacturing and selling fentanyl .
we could fund a health service which actually protected and assisted people in need without charging them .
all of these things would reduce the number of overdoses every year .
and all of these things are known and well understood and simple to fix .
it is intentionally evil for us to continue down this road .
and the issue absolutely has a right/wrong answer outlook .
the only people who think like you do are people who blame the addict for their addiciton .
they probably have the standard ‘legendary ' catch rate of 3 1.6 but that seems a bit doubtful .
i managed to catch all 4 in regular poké balls with only a couple resets in some cases .
ich kenn mich mit den neuesten generationen nicht gut aus aber alles was sachsen '' enthält sieht aus wie eines kantigen jugendlichen fellsona
it 's basically a town compared to real major cities in other parts of the world though lol .
like you can still see outside the city pretty much from any angle if you 're high enough .
consider cities like tokyo shanghai etc ... . like 20 times more people living in those cities an endless sprawling metropolis .
only new york really even begins to compare with other mega cities .
então o problema de uma sociedade livre e descentralizada seria a volta do estado grande e central ?
é falho pensar que uma sociedade descentralizada e livre nos tempos atuais iria repetir o processo que gerou a criação dos estados milhares de anos atrás veja os boicotes que quase todos os países do mundo estão fazendo contra a rússia .
não temos como saber como isso se desenrolaria atualmente mas hoje existem mecanismos para evitar isso internet informação moeda digital etc .
i think there 's a misconception out there with some people that a little bit of alcohol wo n't harm the foetus .
people having a small glass of wine to celebrate an occasion or the likes .
meron pero that depends on the bus company you 're going to ride .
check mo yung official fb page or website ng bus company na target mo .
they should go to jail in morocco not in the netherlands .
going in houses were n't a big deal it was pretty much the same interior over and over .
what i do wish was the case was that the towns have more to do in them other than just restaurants .
that 's the inventory you just open with i and pick vehical right ?
me and a few of the people i 've talked to in chat ca n't fit anything in ours
noooo please do n't you fucking tiktok kids i literally loved the new show yeah kinda generic but it 's fun to watch really i hope in twenty years they look back at what they 've done in the past and idk vomit in disgust .
lgs owner asking what printer to buy someone 's alf devour flesh they made on card conjurer that is n't mpc ready borderwise it 's just a random custom card in low res the user showing off the city of brass they printed on their own computer lmao plus the handful of others i had reported over the last week or so thinking it was an isolated incident .
this is definitely a recent problem though like it does n't feel like the sub has slowly deteriorated more like we got a recommendation from somewhere popular where none of the new users were prepped with what mpc even is at all .
i use my phone switch odin vita work phone controllers all while charging sometimes at the same time lol
foxy 's gy effect may be good for nothing other than popping a faceup eternal soul
looks like you 're new here you 'll have to wait for a few days until you can participate .
do not message us about when you can start .
once the bot stops replying to you that means you 're good to go .
you can pretend to be t ! mothy john cena or drax till then ... ... .bye shaba kher kailash kher wish you a happy married life .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/saimansays if you have any questions or concerns .
this season has a lot of sexual innuendo much more than hotel not my favourite either
i feel like guillermo 's tv show is what ahs should be .
i am enjoying it way more than ryan murphy 's shitshow
this is more so i have an excuse when i slap them
they absolutely are but i think it 's still important to recognise that the game does have issues .
well isnt this better then the other way where your 38 and look 50
easy 8-0 win against costa rica to guarantee we progress
hey u/helper10118 thank you for your post at r/autism .
if you do not see your post you can message the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fautism .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/autism if you have any questions or concerns .
i have n't heard anything about the campaign being cancelled however i have n't heard much from void outside of their bi-weekly newsletter to begin with .
there was a guy i know that caught a dui because he took ambien and then had to pick up his friend .
another story i read was a guy took all his laundry and threw it around the apartment complex .
i tried demon souls remake and i hated it i tried blood borne and i hated it boring and unnecessarily difficult in some parts then i played dark souls 1 remastered and i have n't even finished the game because of it 's fake difficulty frustrating .
so no it 's not that you 're not a gamer it 's that souls genre is shit and i really ca n't understand where all the love and praise is coming from .
and of course i 'm not gon na play elden ring because it 's only a souls but in open world so i gave those games a chance but really for me they 're bad .
snapshot of just stop oil block roads in london as protests resume
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukpolitics if you have any questions or concerns .
beats getting beaten up like a pussy by having your spanner snatched by 6'2 goon and used on your own head .
even if you are well built and strong in a real fight you ca n't predict how badly you can get damaged speaking from being involved in a few scuffles in my 20s .
ever heard someone high on syabu with verbal diarrhea ?
i have to say i prefer the loading screen over having to sacrifice all relationships and dreams when moving .
loading screens may be annoying and i love the open world of sims 3 but if i had to choose between that and freely travelling between all the neighbourhoods for sims 5 i have to say i 'd choose the free travel .
i 've given up on the idea of meeting someone online .
i got ta accept that it 's not for me and to move on to other methods .
i 'd much rather meet someone in person because i have never ever felt attracted to someone through texts .
i 'm not gon na agree to meet up with someone i feel no attraction to that 's not fair to either one of us .
but i just do n't even know what to do at this point i work from home and i have no where to go after work i live in a dead town where nothing ever happens unless i drive an hour into the city .
but i also do n't want to wait until i 'm 30 to finally start dating .
hell i 'm not even sure of my sexuality yet .
i do n't even know if i like men yet .
the longer i wait to get started the scarier it becomes yknow ?
a place for members of r/any_pets to chat with each other
my cat will only eat friskies stuf 'd sauc 'd kickin with chicken and dripp'n with gravy .
i can not get it anywhere i have tried to buy other chicken but no luck it 's been 2 months since he ate wet food .
he does drink a lot of water and eats dry food .
plus i have another cat that has bumps with scabs on his skin i took him to the vet they gave him an allergy shot and a cortisone shot which helped but its back i do n't have enough money to go back to the vet until january he plays and eats normally i have changed his dry food to see if that helps
i have 13 pro max recently i have replaced taptic engine and charging port
my issue is when i receive a notification or sms my phone vibrate without problem and haptic feedback work fine but when incoming calls it vibrate for half second and vibration stops working
i have tried everything creating custom vibration restore my phone update to ios 16 but without success all vibration settings are on
new here so i am curious about the demographics .
there was a survey ordered by a gay magazine in my country france this year that revealed that lgbt and lesbian ppl voted about the same way as the general population .
i know this sub does n't represent the whole english speaking lesbian population but i am still interested in seeing the difference .
does n't mean you like biden or trump just wich political ideas you agree more with
this is written in third person but it does n't have to i 'm perfectly capable of writing in first as well .
captain rogers stands alone a mere fifty yards away from the mad titan thanos that snapped half the universe into atoms .
his teammates his friends bodies thrown across the battlefield of the avengers compound .
his vibranium shield cut to shreds from the brutal attacks of thanos .
one leg followed by the other he stands wipes the blood from his mouth and looks upon his enemy who has now summoned his units behind him .
he 's faced something like this back in world war two new york and wakanda but nothing like this .
steve raises his fists regardless of what the outcome seems like it 's going to be .
a spherical portal crackling with magical energy opens from nowhere as his friend sam wilson aka the falcon comes flying out .
seconds later several more open up steve almost in tears .
bucky barnes t'challa wanda maximoff stephen strange peter parker dr .
banner war machine the wakandans asgardians sorcerers everyone is here .
even pepper potts arrives in a bright blue iron man suit .
tony stark the iron man and thor god of thunder arrive by his side .
let 's go get this son of a bitch . ''
he scopes the battlefield admiring those who were once killed five years ago .
captain rogers raises a hand as the legendary asgardian weapon mjolnir comes colliding into his palm lightning crackling along with it and the sound of thunder .
with that they all shout and sprint towards thanos 's army knowing this will be the battle to determine the fate of the universe .
however with the sacrifice of tony stark his friend and sometimes rival they were successful in defeating thanos and saving the universe from complete and utter annihilation .
'' going quantum in three two one ... . '' and with that dr .
banner presses a button on the avengers quantum machine as steve vanishes in thin air upon the device .
steve had been doing nothing but fighting since waking in new york all those years ago .
loki the chitauri shield falling his best friend being alive ultron being a fugitive ... . thanos .
he wanted to do something for himself whether that meant staying with his current friends now or going back to his old life .
there was only one thing one person on his mind .
the neon lights of time and space flashed and whirred as he thought about where he wanted to be .
he snaps back into existence and lands on a floor .
opening his eyes steve smiles it worked it really worked .
he had done his duty returning all the infinity stones to their proper places before doing this act for himself .
taking the time suit off and folding it as neat as he can he hides it in his laundry basket looks around smiling .
a laugh something he had n't done in years .
it 's his place just as he left it .
he reaches into his pockets and pulls out a pocket watch with who he had been thinking about all this time why he 's here .
steve grabs his wallet from a table his spare key from under a vase locks his door and hails a cab before telling the driver where he wanted to go .
'' hey man you ever hear you look like that captain america person in the army ?
captain rogers pays the driver before the cab speeds off .
they made a date before he went in the ice he 's right on time .
walking up the steps his heart is racing some sweat on his brow .
it 's not like he 's staying forever ... or is he ?
a hand raises to the door as he knocks several times .
not long after it opens and there she stands as beautiful as ever .
we 're supposed to go dancing tonight right ? ''
hey there and thank you so so much for reading what i 've brought for you today .
what i 'd like to do with you in this prompt is live out our lives together up until the moment when sam notices steve sitting on the bench .
oh my god that is going to take forever !
alright than want something shorter like oh i do n't know i 'm about to cry but peggy yanks me inside slams the door shut and drops to her knees ?
i am looking to take this long term but am not against a short term sex scene .
what her thoughts were when the static cut off from me crashing into the ice what she/you 've been up to for the past week your reaction to seeing me and knowing if now is the time for sex or if i just need a friend and someone 's shoulder to cry on .
let me know what you 'd like to do in the title of your message whether it be short or long term .
i can not wait to play with you and see where we take this there are so many possibilities .
i know the s23 series is around the corner and i 'm living in an exynos region ph so wanted to wait since the s23 supposedly was snapdragon everywhere but was forced to get one because the back panel on my s20 was coming off possibly due to an expanded battery .
did n't relish the idea of a spicy pillow in my pocket so bit the bullet and took my carrier 's s22 ultra deal with a free tab a8 and 50 off voucher for the buds 2 pro .
and to my surprise it 's a snapdragon version according to cpu-z !
the only annoyance so far is that the delivery from my carrier arrived like 4 days ahead of schedule so the case i ordered is still not here so i 'm rocking it naked right now .
anybody had experience with the uag outback biodegradable case ?
that 's what i ordered because it 's normally a 20 case and i saw it on sale for 3 lol .
have n't used an s pen since the note 2 and everything is much more smoother and snappier than my previous s20 .
thais happened recently but i ca n't remember all the specifics .
i was aware that i was in a dream and had fun in it but i at one point i realized i could n't remember where i was sleeping .
i tried going through a list of all the bedrooms and beds that had been mine in my life and tried waking up in each of them .
but none of them were the right bed none of them were the real world .
this happened a few times with a few false awakenings with me getting increasingly stressed and frustrated that i just could n't remember where i was .
until i woke up in my current apartment and i said oh yeah and felt intensely relieved .
ik this is silly but i 'm still doing my undergraduate studies atm .
but the only thing keeping me going is thinking about fulbright and doing my masters abroad i live in an underdeveloped country i 'm so nervous that i might not be eligible for it i graduate in 2024 is there any way i can prepare myself from now on ?
anything i can do to be more qualified for it ?
over the past few days i 've had a few times where a sin had crushed my guard with elk hunt and then tossed me into the air with red roman cancel .
but when i try to do it with others it does n't work .
i have n't seen it recently mostly because i keep failing to block it so i ca n't just replay .
so i do n't have a video of him doing it but my cat does something we like to call hitting the cuffs or something like that .
basically he will be drinking or eating or anything really and he will take one of his front paws and shake it .
it 's not like he got anything on it it 's like he 's throwing a punch .
it 's nothing severe we have talked to the vet about it but i 'm just wondering .
here is a chance to play with one before then .
i started slowly gaining weight in college by eating massive portions .
i have eaten entire family size bags of chips and tortilla chips in one sitting more times than i can count with a couple of full size chocolate bars for dessert .
i feel confident in my abilities to lose the weight with cico .
honestly the hardest part for me was just to get past the first couple of days .
i 'm happy and excited to get back to a much healthier me !
if i 'm lose my job and my visa get cancelled am i still able to hold my appartement till the end of the one year contract with all the utilities ?
every time i do a google search the results page randomly changes after a few seconds .
from the research i 've done it does n't appear to be related to extensions but instead malware .
has anyone had a similar issue or know how to resolve this ?
can be done to the law enforcement can be done to the legal system can be done to the public as well .
i remember when i was like 20-22 seeing this movie .
i currently watching this movie and will see if the movie ends the way i remember .
at the end she receives a mark on her face
okay so i modified my recipe for red and i think the new one is better .
the old recipe was done to the possessed the legionnaire test model got the new one which is iron hands steel layer iron breaker selective layer stormhost silver basilicanum grey flesh tearers red .
i 'm probably going to start redoing the red and silver tomorrow .
got 10 possessed a helbrute a daemon prince and a master of possession to redo .
from oneplus 6 to the 7t next the pixel 7 .
solid phone although i still have n't received the a12 update 1907 .
i 've been covering for my dad 's shunning me because i 'm gay .
i did n't even really question it much i just mostly did n't want any drama i guess .
i 'm not ashamed of me that 's his beliefs not mine .
my aunt my dad 's sister messaged me and i just told her what was up .
it was nice to have a positive reaction from her .
maybe she 'll chew him out that 'd be nice ... i can dream that side of my family is all really tight knit so i 'm thinking word will spread pretty fast between his 8 other brothers and sisters .
cat 's out of the bag now ... i 'm anxious and relieved at the same time if that makes sense .
bloodied 25 lvc ap replenish enclave plasma rifle with aligned flamer barrel stabilised stock refined beta wave tuner and reflex sight .
a place for members of r/investitwhen to chat with each other
i grew up in corsicana went to sam houston state in huntsville and worked in houston for my first couple years of teaching .
i also hit up san antonio every year for a convention so i 'm very familiar with that area as well .
all that to say i was beyond thrilled to to see all of these cities on the map waxahachie is actually a little south of dallas on i-35 and hwy 287 .
in game it 's just a truck stop area .
drove down i-35 from dallas to waco hit hwy 31 east to corsicana then i-45 south to huntsville the prison unit on the right just as you get into huntsville is the holiday unit wave at the statue of sam houston and on down to h-town !
literally drove my route from huntsville/willis to my first teaching gig in southwest houston just off of hwy 59 .
the entire trip was just so familiar and brought back so many great memories .
the best part about it was i did n't use route assistance .
i just drove knowing exactly where i was going from memory .
such an awesome feeling seeing landmarks and towns from your life in a game like this .
scs knocked it out of the park with this one ! !
so duels reset with new expansion as well right ?
if i start duels run and make it only to 2 loses will i get rewards and free ticket after new expansion like it work on arena ?
as an immigrant myself i 'm sick of this crap .
missus and i had to pass thru a point system get a job offer from a company on the skill shortage list before even think of moving to nz .
then i see folks who arrive like in 2019 just to be a real estate agent and leech on the housing market and inflate it even more .
is being a real estate agent a skill badly needed in nz ?
i understand nzs economy is the housing market with bits tacked on..
but seriously what we need are nurses.. not real estate agents .
select any country or specify a country here i choose united states ''
you can choose the time 1 minute 5 minutes 30 minutes '' here i choose 30 minutes
you can choose the protocol format ip mode separator default option according to your needs
to install shadow rocket visit your appstore and download the app to your iphone or ipad .
to use our proxy on shadowrocket first open the shadowrocket app and click add server .
so much so that i physically was curling into a ball while doing it and could n't breathe at times .
so my fiancee just gifted me the ghostface and mike mayers dlcs after i gushed about how i was enjoying the game despite having to deal with fps under 15 do n't delve on this point i know my pc is old .
the thing is she gifted them on steam while i have the game on epic games from back when it was free for a week .
i know it 's possible to add non-steam games to one 's steam library but since we 're not in the best spot economically i 'd rather not make a move without knowing and accidentally make her waste money .
plust i 'd rather get this info from people who may have tried it since the how to do x on steam '' tutorials i 've found online are likely to have dozens upon dozens of exceptions depending on the developers .
get books a million order online pickup in store coupon code https cutt.ly/n1cmpmd from this link and save money on your next purchase .
first visit the link for books a million order online pickup in store coupon code .
then on that page pick the best promo code or deals you interested and click the 'view coupon ' button .
these are actually old pics but i just thought i 'd upload them here as my first post lol .
anu hospitals https anuneuroandcardiacvizag.com/neurology is the best neurology hospital in vizag .
our hospital has the best neurologist and specialized doctors in treating movement disorders epilepsy stroke etc .
monday ko mera chemistry ka paper hai aur mera thermodynamics bilkul bhi nhi hua hai mai ye puchna chahta hun ki kya one-shot videos unit test ke liye sufficient hai kya kyunki maine alec sir ki playlist dekhi vo to 15 fucking hrs ki hai par pw ke ek teacher ne 5 ghante ki bana rkhi hai suggest crow ki konsi dekhi
o tempo e a comida são sempre as duas coisas mais elogiadas neste país .
mas tenho curiosidade em saber o que vos mantém por cá quando tanto se fala em emigração .
it does n't matter how easy or difficult it is although a map slightly out of your comfort zone should be good
are you wondering which card to choose to start your amex journey with ?
drop a comment with your usage and expectation and i will be answering all your questions
i 've head from my diabetic dad that eating high protein foods helps like a counter balance counters the sugars undesirable effects in a diabetic body keyword is they help as he made that keyword vary clear to me .
however i seen how much salt or sodium is in some of the foods i eat and i 'm curious
what 's the counter balance to sodium or salt ?
i 'm making a game similar to stardew valley but i 'm struggling to find a way to first create the map and second save any changes to the map .
at the moment i have a list that each contains a string with the type of material in each 'chunk ' .
to render i have to iterate through the list in a certain order .
this however does not seem efficient at all as i have to iterate through and calculate every frame .
is there a better way for a beginner to do it in libgdx .
you talk too much lol ... also lumis v miz is no dq👀
you can always accept this job and continue to interview other places for higher salaries .
with this specific recruiter go to the interview and afterward during the negotiations say after interviewing and getting an in depth understanding in what the company is looking for i now want this salary .
i disagree with some of the other redditors on this post .
going to the recruiter now is a good way to get eliminated .
paypal friends and family f f has zero fees but offer no protections and makes the buyer vulnerable to scammers .
paypal goods and services g s charges an additional 3 of the item price actually 3.49 and 0.49 as of 2021 but provides the buyer insurance in case the seller dissapears without providing the item .
paypal does prohibit some specific items https web.archive.org/web/20180409201310/https www.paypal.com/us/selfhelp/article/what-is-paypal e2 80 99s-policy-on-transactions-that-involve-firearms-faq585 but has a catch all comment '' that may apply to others so no notes in paypal .
as a general guideline if a buyer wants to use paypal g s rather than f f with an established gafs member it is expected that they will absorb the 3 fee for the increased protections that it provides them .
if a seller specifies a f f price assume that is his to his pocket '' cost .
however these terms are up for negotiation between the buyer and seller .
it is recommended to pay via g s and absorb the fee .
if the seller mandates f f be wary of a scam and use a scam prevention method https www.reddit.com/r/gunaccessoriesforsale/wiki/proxy .
additionally paypal has deleted the account of several members due to using f f for purchases .
paypal considers this theft from them you 're stealing their fees and a violation of their tos https www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/useragreement-full .
do not put notes in f f payments as it is evidence you may be violating pp tos .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunaccessoriesforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
find a charger and charge the car to my phone .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greatview if you have any questions or concerns .
the ceo founder donates to anti-gun politicians while building a brand that is supposably pro-2a .
heard a story about an airmen that had a landline in the dorms and refused a cell phone .
wait you can disable the navigation button on them ?
someone tried this with me and when i told them to fuck off they got mad about it saying they were trying to help me financially and calling me a bunch of names i do n't even remember jsfc .
make sure to check out these great subs as well and more !
r/bigasslovers_nsfw a sub dedicated to redditors how love big round asses
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/alldayfucknsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
hi u/fritz_meadow your post has been removed because your account is too new and/or you have low karma .
large subs have to have filters to protect against spam and ban evasion .
participate in smaller subs until you have built up some more karma and then try again soon .
to learn more about reddit karma click here https www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/reddit-101/reddit-basics/what-karma .
the exact amount of karma needed and how old your account must be to post to r/onejob is a deliberate secret to prevent people from gaming the system so do not ask us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onejob if you have any questions or concerns .
first i 've ever heard of a mouse lag problem i have n't experienced this myself which leads me to believe there is a fix but i just would n't know what that is maybe try lower graphics settings or just fiddle with any setting that could cause lag .
as far as performance goes yeah the game does n't run the best and is a resource hog however we are getting performance improvements in the next update that comes out around christmas but do n't get your hopes up too high .
aw man it 's not his fault he got shipwrecked on a barren island maybe he 's got kuru and that 's why he 's malicious personality .
yeah i also have been experiencing an extreme loss of appetite like i only eat about 500-600 calories a day and i have been for like 2 months so i got malnourished like i felt like absolute shit and very depressed and extremely exhausted every day im eating better now like i bought meal replacement shakes to help and i 'm still trying to eat so i ate like 1,000 calories yesterday and today .
i lost 10lbs within the past like 1 month .
but idk it 's so weird i 'm just gon na focus on eating better and sleeping more i really hope i 'll feel better and hoping the adderall will actually work .
like on good days it works a bit but it 's only worked like 3 days out of the 2 months if me taking it .
how does it make sense for osu to get in when they do n't even play this week ?
tbh it does seem like a lot of folks with gender identity issues often have mental problems along with the identity issues .
she is but because they put karen.. in the video it automatically makes you assume she 's in the wrong .
i would be upset too when someone puts others at risks and does n't even care .
they would be in danger if they did this to most people
if you make a new map you will be back at the beginning and you wo n't ever get past blue science
announcement of new rules https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/comments/ywa40k/updates_to_rdnd_rules_new_rules_governing_ai all posts involving commissions posting completed commissions seeking commissions etc must have comm in the title it must be exact including the brackets .
it can be linked and discussed in text posts but not posted as a link or image post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dnd if you have any questions or concerns .
anything that has loading screen between areas are n't open world .
language evolves and the words you consider misspelled will be correct to others
i want to lick you in the worst way 👅👅👅🔥🔥🔥
wowhead https www.wowhead.com the largest database this should be your go-to do n't forget to read the comment section !
icy veins https www.icy-veins.com news and detailed class guides .
please report the post above if it breaks one of our rules https www.reddit.com/r/wownoob/about/rules .
if not do n't forget to show support by upvoting !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wownoob if you have any questions or concerns .
if they 're super far on either side of the political spectrum it 's a no-no for me .
the mobile check deposit feature or the ability to deposit money orders over the app ?
your ideas could work but they would never bring in the billions in revenue that apple would need to even consider the viability .
one dental clinic recommended for what i choose is a tabs dental clinic '' in beehive mall nonthaburi .
i have had my braces there for almost a year now .
please tell me you shared turkey with the good boys .
my thoughts are that 600 is fewer happiness points than i could have gotten from the 175,000 event point task .
i know i lost thousands of event points over that first week but i do n't know yet if that would be the difference between meeting or failing that task .
if not then the 600 happiness i did get is way better than the 935 i would have missed either way .
the 4000 mc is probably not far from what i lost so that plus the frozen attraction is better .
i 've though about plastidip but i do n't have a setup where i can take the wheels off .
is it possible to use plastidip while the wheels are on ?
i would love to see before pictures and after pictures !
and yes it 's the weirdest damn thing it 's only on the right side .
feels like the surgeon had a boxing match with my abdomen for hours .
other than that it 's manageable but bending squatting or adjusting my position is pretty hard .
it 's eased up a bit since i 'm finally home and settled .
i 'm so excited so so so happy for this new journey !
we just got ta grit and get through the post op part
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
ok i thought you were going with all nvme ssd 's my mistake .
i think that wreck affected the rest of his career .
hmm well a lot of the legacy 's were in fact drops .
explosive gat plasmas were legit legendaries same with the laser gats and the like .
i agree that dupes are the issue but some people have made it their white whale .
probably the worst example from this last week if for no other reason than his value was so depressed that there was nowhere to go but up .
if you 've watched rodgers the last couple years the zip on the ball just is n't there anymore .
he moves so slowly in the pocket that he 's getting himself mauled .
he 's been playing with nagging injuries for years .
if you 're in a sf league you got ta be feeling good that you have some starts coming from love sooner or later .
there might be a 1 playoff chance but that includes winning out .
the politics get really interesting because gb is buried under rodgers ' contract until love needs a new deal .
so they might let a broken down a-aron get himself killed out there for the rest of the season if only so that love does n't attract suitors .
or maybe gb wants to get love some experience and uses letting rodgers get healthy as the politically correct explanation .
finding a team to give even a 2nd round pick for him would be a win .
fleecing a team like the russ and watson trades or both wentz trades is the best case as far as where gb sits right now .
i 'm not at all upset about the stupid lobsters .
i 'm upset because it only takes a few assholes to ruin people 's ability to feed their families .
your comment https www.reddit.com/r/yogapants/comments/yyj4fm/i_had_an_accident_during_squats/iy686n6 in r/yogapants was automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yogapants if you have any questions or concerns .
at what point did she decide to come back when he was dating other women ?
please get all your important documents birth certificate social security national identity passport etc and remove any family access to your financial accounts credit info etc .
contact credit agencies to lock things down and put a freeze on your credit .
sending mom hugs and a reminder to head over to r/momforaminute when you need us .
the top picture is the one that i was going to purchase .
i found online that does n't seem to do this .
also if anyone has tips for easily recording replays so i do n't need to record on my phone would be greatly appreciated !
would n't be one bit surprised if we pick this guy up .
we 're losing our entire ol to either the draft or graduation after this season and the backups are mostly pretty young .
we 've done quite well with luring g5 ol superstars to baylor with nil and then turning them into solid draft prospects jaxon player and jacob gall will both likely be drafted this year and i do n't expect that to change any time soon .
i will be messaging you in 1 day on 2022-11-30 01:23:00 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2022-11-30 2001:23:00 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https www.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/rgep0y/how_to_use/iy6825c ? context=3
click this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fremindmebot 2fcomments 2frgep0y 2fhow_to_use 2fiy6825c 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202022-11-30 2001 3a23 3a00 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
speech for me but not for thee '' clown shit .
i would make the off '' part a permanent state .
and reading your post i think deep down you know that 's what should happen .
i love my free time and video games as much as other person but i 'm still a 33 year old woman with my own business .
he 's just lazy and entitled and you said it yourself you want a partner .
should you even considering moving forward with him at all even if he finally gets a job ?
hard to leave behind a long term relationship but at this point you do have to think of yourself and your future .
why are you losing a gunfight because of your broken mask ?
is it that the killcam cut off too early ?
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=rxmrmxkz .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
that looks like friction burns more than anything else .
i mean could be from dry skin as well .
it will moisturize and soothe the area and help with healing .
as a person who has had 3 extended terrible did n't at all mirror what oh crap told me to expect even tho i read the book and followed what that rude condescending author told me to the letter potty training experiences i wish the same for deena and i told even feel bad about it .
me and my siblings were hell for my mom to potty train so my kids paid me back and i would really appreciate it if h c could do that for us .
bro i 've been waiting to see her soles like that for ages
during that thanksgiving event i pulled kiki og like 4 times and al horford .
if you want my opinion.. repost with the new numbers ...
small stuff job rejections fights with friends family little disappointments etc i do basic self care things like shower paint my nails get a massage etc .
i meditate a lot when these come up so i can figure out why i 'm upset uncomfortable and get used to that feeling .
bigger stuff ie job loss separation grief i give myself a lot of room to feel here .
i have some unhealthy coping mechanisms that i will indulge in a little bit for a short time and then i go to therapy .
i spend time thinking about my goals and how i 'm going to get there .
i focus on learning something new or practicing a hobby i enjoy .
it 's not perfect and it takes time but eventually it does get better .
no i did not get insurance on them because i ship them all the time and have never needed insurance .
they are not counterfeit and i have the receipt for them so i would be really happy if they flagged it cus there 's no case here .
my luck is that some low life worker at the post office got a payday .
where do you get a gig with virtual dj ?
i would have thought they would expect a dj with solid gear ?
well he 's arguably the biggest music critic in the world so it 's natural that people are interested in his thoughts
almost like you can say anything you want but that almost means anyone else can say whatever they want too .
if you 're constantly making demands that make no sense and are just things you want why should you expect everyone to just agree with what you say ?
i hope they re-issue the dragon walker atak-trak in the origins line but am skeptical that they will because they 've only re-released non-electronic vehicles up to this point .
i 'd also really like to see the spydor re-released but i seriously doubt that will happen .
apple declared war on the chinese people by trying to shutdown the protesters way of communicating ... ..
same cultural group currently helping the republicans wipeout disney 's blue chip status .
puts on both is the best decision at the moment .
they only need 3 wives tho and they have 3 wives .
if they do n't count meri as a wife they can fix the afterlife issue by taking another wife .
so it does n't alter the celestial kingdom thing i do n't think ?
it 's one of my all time favorite games .
they 're kinda similar ... both are 2d games where the majority of gameplay is walking around a town talking to people .
nitw is n't so heavy on actual detective work though .
if you do n't already know about its designer/composer alec holowka i recommend playing the game without reading about him .
knowing what happened with him could potentially alter or even enhance how you look at the game .
no one is even close to apple 's packaging the intricate folds the tear always the high use of paper .
it 's be so fun to design it all .
the answer is that only allah knows best but if st. nicolas followed the gospel believed in the one true god did good deeds and tried to follow the example of his prophet jesus upon whom be peace then yes he very well could have been a muslim .
i sincerely believe he must have been a good believer since so many people remembered him and his legacy of generosity lived on for so many years .
he seems to be known for his charity to children and charity is a big deal for believers .
all that being said while he could have been a muslim one who is submitted to the will of god he could not have been a muslim on who follows the islamic faith as legislated in the quran and personified by the sunnah or example of the prophet muhammad upon whom be peace since he was born and died before muhammad was born peace and blessings be upon him .
if that is confusing look up the difference between an uppercase m '' muslim and a lowercase m '' muslim for clarification .
if that still does n't clarify any confusions then look up islam from adam to muhammad peace be upon them both .
oh my god i can totally relate with being gaslit into thinking you have depression !
i wasted a lot of time zombified on anti-depressants my mom convinced me i needed when all i really needed was to gtfo of the house .
this happened with one of the maintenance men at the old apartment completely my wife and i rented .
we called in to get something fixed and he showed up while i was away at work and hit on my wife .
and then later on after duty came by to ask her again to come out with him .
one time while i stayed home he let himself in not thinking i was home .
said something like oh i had a work order for this address '' called the office and there was n't one .
my wife was n't home but i bet he was expecting her to be .
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
candy xl is only available to trainers at that level .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
i 've been seeing this guy for about a year and we have never defined boundaries or exclusivity .
however we would probably seeing each other 4-5x a week over the summer and became super close .
in sept i had an inkling that he slept with a girl new to our inner circle .
he did in fact tell me this at a later time acknowledging it might ruin things between us .
i thought it was a one-off thing at the time .
i later found out from a mutual friend that it was and still is recurring .
in one instance he said he was taking a break from sleeping with anyone just for me to find out from said mutual friend he slept with her again whether unintentionally breaking his own decision or not that was still hurtful .
i 've had multiple conversations with him about this and i think he feels a bit bad and it 's been 3 months but it still does not sit well with me .
i heard through mutual friends he pulled some of the same moves he did on me with her and the situation in general with all of us being in the same inner circle sucks .
she does n't know the two of us have been seeing each other for awhile .
he does n't feel bad enough to stop sleeping with her although i have made it clear it makes me uncomfortable and i do not want to hear anything about her which he has respected .
but the three of us being in the same inner circle means it is not hard for me to find out when they have spent time together and it 's very easy to compare the time i have with him vs her .
and whenever he used to always come over routinely now when he does n't i am left wondering if he is just busy or if he 's gone over to hers .
he 's been a great friend and seen a number of my lowest points and probably talked me out of trying to take my life and that 's why i am hesitant to cut him off both intimately and as a friend to heal and get over this situation .
in some ways it feels like letting the other girl win but i do n't want to be always wondering if i am the second choice .
even if it 's not on purpose i 'm noticing the small things like him telling me he is n't as free weekends anymore but then seeing them go on a run or shopping together .
i really enjoy the time i actually spend with him alone but all the other moments are tough reflecting on what to do .
aita if i just cut him off completely over his actions and lack of regard for my feelings ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel that most people get into lifting weights because they want to look more muscular .
they fall into the powerlifting trap and train like a power lifter which leads to results in higher sbd but they are dissatisfied by the results of muscle growth .
bodybuilding is the better approach in building muscle and looking good .
i 've tried all sorts of cute rules around it no alcohol in the house only drink on weekends do n't drink two days in a row etc and i always end up drinking more than i mean to or more frequently .
well you me and my liver will see where it goes from here .
because you are a propaganda spreading idiot who can not understand that you are your own problem .
incase you are n't actually trolling the way rocket launches work is the payload satellite in this case is owned by one company and they contract the launch out to a launch provider .
the launch provider then conducts runs and manages the launch of the payload to its contracted orbit .
think of mailing something but they use a whole truck to transport your letter .
you sent the letter but if the truck crashes its the mail carriers fault not yours .
it 's not really irrational she 's lived and experienced addiction in her family .
not wanting a partner who smokes or takes drugs is an extremely reasonable boundary .
sure she 's a little hypocritical considering the drinking but i think her feelings are understandable because you started smoking again after letting her think you were over it .
it 's good you came clean but do n't do that again .
you can either continue to do something you know she is n't comfortable with or give it up .
test when it 's time but your chances are still very low .
women ovulate late for a lot of reasons stress being the most common .
those are pigs in a pasture not elephants in a room .
surprised i found a cbum enjoyer in a destiny sub
i am personally not interested in gameplay loops that require me to plan ahead a set amount of time to ensure i can log out in the right places .
i want to be able to continue and play my virtual character whenever i feel like and continue on exactly where i left off last time .
if i 'm not logged in my virtual avatar is frozen in time .
is meechie an honorary player/captain or is he just allowed to be at every game ?
1st speed was changed a lot from 2017 so this point is invalid
you 're still gon na need to pick sledge thatcher zofia melusi etc .
you just wo n't see dogshit players that can only play 1 operator using them every round
3rd being skinny does n't mean that you 're fast .
idk why this community is so hellbent on that idea .
as for the idea that sledge needs to be agile you just made that up bc you want to be mad .
4th thatcher is n't obsolete and outdated what the fuck are you talking about
the most annoying thing about missiles is somebody could launch them to scatter the enemy team and by the time the last missile landed they could have already had the next round more than halfway ready .
this significantly increases the downtime in between waves of missiles .
the damn reefluxes ca n't launch missiles then immediately start farming the next round .
depends on the department that sounds low to me .
you also get fantastic super flex time security and a culture that is pro-family .
i have several friends in public sector and this is what attracted them to it .
she saw a giant spider on both of them .
you should come on down and see it in person .
did n't think i 'd be selecting muv after the beginning of the year but jesus they 've gotten so bad ... .
was n't weed ypu do n't just walk away from a box of ctc on weed .
4 actually considering ground war was on santa sean too
look in the rouse rd/lake underhill rd area east orlando you will need a car living there .
a pretty decent sized indian community as well as temple there .
honestly the deaths in breaking bad hit me way harder
if you 're going through hell you 'll eventually find my old store .
you 're not wrong but also yes it happens .
emts do n't sign up to walk into active shooting zones when there 's a shooter at large we wait until it 's safe to provide care .
the major difference is police do sign up to walk into gunfire and fail to do so .
mike walter is my favorite hosted games author and i 'm kind of shocked he 's not on choice of games .
never played the last wizard or the new space one he made but i 've played all the rest and life of a wizard is amazing and underrated af imo .
paradox factor was really fun for me because even though it was horribly frustrating at the start having it all piece together at the end was incredibly satisfying
your johnson will be the one that needs a lawyer
it 's all well and good but we were there for 4 days !
and he did n't even say as much as i hope you are doing ok ''
what 's funny is i grabbed the name a year ago because it was available .
i did n't realize i 'd responded to him or i would 've just skipped his drama .
korean korner off randolph/viers mill has it and so does ny mart in the shopping center next to montgomery college .
that 's pretty much been my experience too although i do have some luck at the bel air mall target
i think it makes it easier to be safe in excluding things if they 're explicitly not on the test .
working from what you do know is on the test and figuring out what 's in the negative space is a lot more involved than just going oh i do n't have to do diealders ?
i 'm a year late but the eccos and reverb is my answer .
as the guy whose job it was to find and take back those old xp machines i feel this .
in a bank that had 30k when i started we got down to 10 when i left and we could not find them for the life of us .
i guarantee they were sitting in a closet plugged in or under a coffee maker and running the entire branch .
they would n't let me just disconnect them from the network because they were n't sure what issues it would cause
as long as they take out the current china i consider all of the above to be classified under new china ''
over there we have more pictures of beautiful women but this time in white wedding lingerie !
here 's an example of one of our favorite posts ! https reddit.com/r/whitelingerie/comments/8hr9p6/whats_under_the_wedding_dress .
we also newly created r/pinkylingerie where we have pictures of beautiful women in pink and purple lingerie !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redlingerie if you have any questions or concerns .
could u pls upvote this comment and some of my other posts 😘
on the other hand those categories probably me really need you .
that 's a lot of green grass in a severe drought
not all of the mouse buttons work for mouseover macros .
its been like this since i remember the game .
but now you have new future click casting and you can bind your left-right mouse buttons .
do n't be in a hurry the menus walk you through everything you need to do .
sure can just give me a minute to make another one haha
i think helmet is the first thing to have before taking on the trails
i think it 's beautiful that a video game can have this kind of impact on us .
i really hope you give him a dial friend .
they offer an inkjet with no cartridges and it has been fantastic .
i like it a lot better than the color laser it replaced .
our guys had a great call interview as well hope someone clipped it
it 's the result of secular humanism moral relativism no ultimate source of truth or right wrong .
the state is the source of truth and decides right wrong .
he is a malignant force for evil who has set back humanity years and you are a rube lol
it does look like one though it 's been badly retaped .
the morino with an o will have 6 'nubs ' on the palm switch area as switch operators .
whatever happens to your body it is still your body it is still you .
i do this on a bicycle and get tips from everybody .
eagle rare at msrp is a steal for making old fashioneds .
interesting he hair does have some blue-er and grey tones in it .
i dyed both of my violets so i cant check to be sure but she looks amazing !
viego is sitting on 47-48 wr for half a year or longer .
he 's nowhere near being in meta and is considered as d pick .
i do n't really see a reason to stick to playing him after they keep nerfing not only viego but also his role/items/runes .
he already is a bad champion though u still can make him work but its not worth putting that much effort into while you can play wholesome aatrox and 1v5 .
sure champion is veeery enjoyable to play but also weak unless you get ahead which after xp/gold nerfs next season will literally be never the case
carly cosgrove prince daddy and the hyena joyce manor mobo rip mom jeans worst party ever heart attack man hot mulligan microwave michael cera palin
when my baby popped out the nurse said she has your butt chin !
i was born in early september so i am the incarnation of the big nut 💪😎
a bg twitter fan page recently posted 50 photos of minyoung and i totally agree about her being way prettier than sooyoung .
dude i 've seen the women from india and i 'm honestly not impressed .
but you may be right i have n't seen bombay or anything .
like i 'm not even a fan of ppl like aishwarya rai
it sounds really similar to a smiggle alarm clock i used to have as a kid and one of the alarm noises was water rippling and bird chirps just like the start of this song !
an ascended a living forge and eldritch bear walk into a bar and blew the place up .
does n't mean they were n't bigger with dio than with ozzy .
ozzy got 10x more famous by leaving black sabbath and making one of the best albums of all times with the legendary randy rhoads blizzard of ozz .
u/offtheslopes99 your account does not meet minimum age requirements at this time therefore your request has been automatically removed .
please note this is your account age not your age .
in addition you must also meet the comment activity requirement of 250 comment karma .
if you have not yet done so read the new user introduction https www.reddit.com/r/charity/wiki/welcome_message so that you 'll understand why new accounts are not allowed .
the only exceptions to this requirement are for campaigns that benefit a registered non-profit organization .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/charity if you have any questions or concerns .
im faster downhill on clipins climbing flats and clips are about the same .
for flow trail stuff flats are fun for teck rock gardens clips keep the bike on you and way less pedalstrikes .
i used to be all about clips but the new flat petals are so good
my understanding is that raising the mothers body temp too high can cause potential damage to the fetus developmentally aside from potential miscarriage due to lack of blood flow to the baby .
so the damage is yet to be seen and was an unnecessary risk imo
our community grows with the support of our members .
if you liked this post please consider crossposting this content to another relevant subreddit .
crossposting content from r/melaninbaddies will bring in more members who will then share more quality black content for the whole community to enjoy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/melaninbaddies if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you for the image of the great wall of china .
i guess the lack of responses speaks to the rarity of this little bug .
playing this out what happens if they say yes totally and then it does n't end up being the case .
you can contact the journal with ur evidence and they 'll rescind the paper .
nobody knows why god thought it necessary to allow a whiny fallen angel to be so important that billions would have to suffer and die and jesus would have to be crucified
just let halliburton shoot from midrange if you absolutely have to give up anything .
nod to mention the nodding but i certainly also nod to this .
people are calling for revolutions but there is no guarantee a quick and dirty and bloody civil war will end up with something better than you have now .
many times it ends up being the same thing with a different name or worse .
homelessness and street crimes are linked to mental health issues and poverty .
social supports for those in need have to be funded .
low income housing free mental health care cheap or low cost childcare so single parents can work and still afford what they need .
schools need equal funding no matter where they are i hear this is a serious problem in the states poor neighborhoods get no funding while rich ones get everything .
they need to stop being private institutions that make money .
they should be public institutions that are for reforming those that break the law and should be released back to society and places where those that ca n't be released should be held with dignity regardless of what kind of atrocity they have performed .
criminal records should not ruin your life after release either society should promote change for the better after time has been served .
healthcare should stop being a private institution full of middlemen getting rich .
you should not choose between cancer surgery or your families financial future .
i 've seen developing countries provide more affordable healthcare to its citizens than the states does .
looking from the outside in it 's honestly shocking and appalling how everyone in the states tolerates it and now it 's trying to worm its way into where i live too but that 's another post .
this is much more insidious and because of that it prevents everything i 've written above from happening .
everyone has been sold that this is the way it is and nothing you do can change it .
apathy or anger gets the same people voted in and keeps the same mouldering rotten systems in place .
the possibility exists right now the way it is for change but the kicker is that everyone needs to say enough is enough and vote on the local state and federal levels for people with integrity who will cause change for the better .
simple changes will help but it would be a slow process .
or everyone can just find an convenient scapegoat as to why life sucks which solves nothing but makes one feel better and continue on this trajectory .
yes action is n't flashy its salting agitating within your union and proving yourself useful to the uninitiated .
idk if you 're in the same reality as me but i there is no left yet .
you do n't manifest a general strike from nowhere you build a movement that can do that .
that means lots of local politics and tangible gains to build a base in your community .
my dad was sort of like that expect he refused to spend money on learning centers and such .
my grandma was a tiger mom so he wanted my brother and i to not be forced to study but would get mad if we did n't do well in school .
in high school i got two d 's on my report card and my dad went crazy .
so much for claiming that we should n't be forced to study
zito has to has to have a stop loss plan in place ?
we do n't even have a pick if it totally collapses .
that 's the funniest part to me the gun 's not even real and the empty cans are diet coke
those people in the interview scenario probably probably had some type of meat with their meal .
let 's make a concerted effort to extract our hypocritical heads out of our entitled asses people .
bro is doing all of that for low wages 🤭
i wanted big black man wtf is this anime bullshit
up here in bc there is one particular orca who plays with the floats of commercial prawn traps .
people think he 's trapped in the gear but he just seems to like doing it ... and gets free .
the clipping of the flowers is so precise is each step two steps deep with the flowers on the lower step ?
the river of flowers effect is just sooooooooooo gorgeous .
ca n't believe it 's been 10 years already .
i was n't a big fan of the lob city clips but man were they exciting to watch .
wow amazing and just one year before evolution of dance https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dmh0bheirng ruled the internet for a decade
i like it when men are n't ashamed to like feminine things
holy fuck that thang on her is absurd for her size .
for all the scorn santos has received he has portugal along with brazil/france as the only 3 nations to qualify having only played 2 matches
because we have the best team we 've ever had .
you made too much likes or follows and they suspend you for a limited time
when your friends refuse to wear seat belt make a fuss .
it looks like you are attempting to ask a game-related question .
to keep the subreddit clean and conductive of various discussions and content types these are currently required to be posted within the most recent question megathread https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonscarletviolet/comments/z193zj/general_questions_and_discussion_weekly_megathread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonscarletviolet if you have any questions or concerns .
activating quick move also makes the game considerably faster especially late game when rock bands get involved
is it even possible to short binance stock considering they are privately held ?
zamor is a lot faster and has an optional charged variant ghostflame you 're locked in for a while
looks like grave trough and i think it 's a monster drop from crimson temple/township/defiled cathedral but strongboxes can probably drop it anywhere .
i dropped a doctor card in waste pool this league idk if it was an incubator or just a mob drop not sure if that pertains to this scenario at all .
it happens all the time the casino throws away all the food and does n't let any worker take home or nothing straight trash container full of perfectly delish food piles after piles .
some workers try stuff them selves up eating some of the food before throwing it away .
sucks but it 's true and it 's a everyday kind of thing everyday food is being thrown away thay guests do n't eat .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
das gleiche bild hab ich in dem subreddit schonmal gesehen mit titel selbstgebaute heizungssteuerung wenn ich mich recht erinnere .
name all the times that it took longer than 24 hours to count the vote .
define communism then explain how the democratic party is in any way communist
it 's being priced as a hedge for some sellers so to attract buyers price is high premium just priced for extreme fear
this is https youtu.be/wym_9p4igys a video from a sky news report that gets ambushed by russians near the start of the war .
it 's a miracle they got out alive as the car was turned into swiss cheese basically with them in it .
you can feel the moment they realise the people shooting them do n't give a shit that they 're journalists and in fact might try harder to kill them because of that .
cant miss out if ur not interested in the first place
they would have to actively be scanning them but also it might match a real plate and it would be up to them to notice its not the same brand or type of car .
i 've been using with iphone 14 pro and it has been fine .
after a few hours of play it decides it 's not going to listen anymore and needs to be restarted .
so do n't kick it to the curb yet !
usually i would agree with you but i dont want a battle tower like the one we got in sword and shield .
it was boring easy and bland i barely used it .
i think the battle tower i enjoyed the most was that tree on pokemon sun and moon .
that was the last time i liked this feature so i would say its better gone now .
maybe im too negative but i am not expecting the developers to give me a challenge anymore .
online battles is all we have nowadays the offline game is only good to explore the open world take pics eat sandwiches fill the pokedex or breed competitive pokemon .
sure you have to pay a subscription and the servers are horrible but thats all we have .
to be honest i dont understand why they are erasing more and more features making the games barren and consistently easier in every generation .
i suspect they want to sell some dlc this time too .
second month in our home fiancée and i are in bed falling asleep .
my eyes finally close when i hear a what the fuck and i shoot up .
there is a waterfall coming from the front of the dishwasher due to a stuck valve .
it 's amazing how quickly it can go from 0 to 100 .
it 's every man for himself there are no teams lol
yes i use those the led hcfl lights bother me
also fun fact this is the 3rd town hall on this same site and has now lasted longer than the one pictured the second .
the one pictured was built in 1899 – 1905 and modeled after flemish city halls like that of leuven and brussels to make the city look more wealthy and replaced the original 1456 swabian renaissance style hall .
do inktank 's videos on home worlds also include 5yl lore ?
why the hell does buying concert tickets automatically get me booking.com spam ?
he 's not conflicted about what u think he is .
he 's conflicted because he 's had messages that it 's not ok to be gay .
he knows it a dude and is still interested that 's why he 's conflicted
danke für deine antwort die idee teenager und erwachsener miteinzubeziehen finde ich gut das hört sich nach viel mehr spaß an als die kinder „in the spotlight zu tun .
oh well enjoy not being able to unsee this lol
i unintentionally popped my neon black tetra 's swollen tummy too it too got a swollen tummy like this one .
i was trying to hold the fish through the net and transfer him to a smaller tank .
and some sort of a red gooey thing splurted out .
i was wondering if i should mention it but the post was already getting too long .
it 's battling with mad for my favorite b-side of this album .
daniel sings it so much emotion that i can feel the pain .
it also makes me want to sing along though i do n't have the skills .
i know danity 's preferences were divided between 1000x and moment but with ghost added in ghost seems to be the clear winner .
nah i live in pa and shot a 2.5 buck with antlers exactly like that
der hatte aber auch noch jahrgänge mit immens hoher geburtenrate zur verfügung die er mit leichtigkeit verheizen konnte .
die heutigen wehrfähigen stammen aus weit geburtenärmeren jahrgängen besonders in den 90ern war es in der hinsicht richtig schlimm damit lässt putin buchstäblich die zukunft seines landes ins mg-feuer rennen .
to be ... on that boo-ty ... there is no question .
one would suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune ... to get on that milf ass . ''
wenn menschen sehr judgy sind und immer was an anderen menschen auszusetzen haben
so many russian soldiers have lived lives of horror and abuse either when growing up or in prison .
now they get released on ukraine like an awful biological weapon .
we can be sure that putin is aware of this behaviour by his troops and even encourages it 's terrorising effect .
i could tolerate a lot from the royal mail when they we 're publicly owned and stamps we 're reasonably priced .
now they ca n't go bankrupt soon enough for me .
they should either be re-nationalized or left to die in a ditch .
thank you these morons who blindly support the pure pieces of shit who run the organization are why progress is n't going to be made soon .
hell i 'm gay all by myself well my toys you figure it out lol ...
since you 've only had the card for less than a month i 'd wait at least 3 months before applying for another one .
also i 'd recommend the more rewards card instead of the flagship .
it 's 2 qualifier fights 50 k each which adds up to 100k plus the second 100k with the semis and then the 800k finale which adds up to the million
seems like a street owned by the rich trying to appease to the crowds so they 'll spend their money on supportive '' stores .
in typical russian fashion kill first and do not ask questions .. i see
i 'm pretty sure this would make the bot kinda break or be extremely confusing or incoherent .
you literally said not to involve the insurace and just do a quick and cheap fix ...
... when the whole building might need a complete structural repair instead which you ca n't know without an inspector .
which costs a lot and you want the insurance to pay for that .
you 're assuming that all the insurance would do is pay for the new tiles ...
yes because they made the backing track with no vocals for that specific part .
to conquer the bossy president is another. tong yue has witnessed her mother 's death in childhood .
this time she comes back to the tong 's mansion and swear she will take what belonged to her back .
however han tianlin the most wealthy man in long city appears in her life .
tong yue considers it a great idea to make use of him .
b ... read mademoiselle will mess around chapter 149 truemanga .
okay simple post each of us just add a one line/situation how these glasses make your life better or solve some situation even if you did n't know what that solution was till you owned a pair .
realising as the weather gets colder i can not only lay in bed using my augmented reality glasses as a tv alternative but can have my head under the covers and it does n't affect my viewing .
i finished a ttrpg system and now i want to get it out there and do n't know how it 's a d100 system based on gun combat the setting is the resistance fall of man series although i plan on using the system for original worlds down the road
during her nightly programming session yin zhu suddenly died and was transmigrated into a world of beastmen .
she found out that the original owner of her new body drugged teng xiao ...
she claimed to be uninterested in love and only cared about her career .
from then on she used the system she created to help her tribe rise to the greates ... read i became the beastman 's wife chapter 33 mangapuma .
we are happy to say this customers are more satisfied with our products.and our company are giving best sales team persons and products to the customers .
jeg leder efter en t-shirt fra curlingkubben jeg ved godt den ikke kan købes i en butik men skal vindes men måske der var en der solgte den på nettet any way men !
jeg kan ikke finde nogen billeder af deres t-shirt .
så derfor har jeg fået en teori om at de slet ikke findes !
i 'm wondering if anyone that lives in or around san jose wants to go skiing with me in tahoe during the first few weeks of winter break .
my dilemma is i have an ikon pass that i do n't want to go to waste so i 'm trying to go skiing at least once during this break my family just moved to san jose and i do n't know any people out here to come skiing with me the drive from san jose to tahoe is like 4 hours one-way which i feel is too much for a day-trip especially alone getting like a hotel or a place to stay for 1 night alone is expensive if you know any super cheap places to stay around tahoe lmk plz and also i 'd rather not go alone .
so if anybody wants to go skiing in tahoe during winter break and would be interested in splitting the drive and/or a hotel please let me know !
hi folks i 'm running a completely vanilla playthrough of fallout 4 and trying to sneak past medford memorial hospital at level 7 .
however every time i do try to go to the north east of medford it seems to me my best guess that the cells directly beyond the hospital crash my game .
i found seemingly one other person with this issue on reddit and it was unresolved .
i 'm moving here on the 1st into the rodgers park area .
i wanted to know more about your experiences living in this city and any other tidbits of information .
i like learning about the history of a place i move to from the locals more than books .
if anyone knows of any local coffee shops and or bookstores hiring i would love to know !
however i 've noticed news readers politicians and other officials referring to the entire country as the motu '' .
can we use motu to refer to the entire country ?
hey i 'm suffering from shortness of breathe which would be slightly concerning but this is where the paradox type condition comes in i only suffer from shortness of breath when relaxed sitting down whenever i am active doing cardio laughing or anything that uses air i do not feel any shortness of breath from the point of exercise to a few minutes after i 'm started to believe it 's psychological because it only starts when i notice my breath and manually breathe .
i 'm also a bit more thirsty than usual although that may be a symptom of creatine please help
send me what you 've got and i 'll show you how they make me feel !
can rate each body part out of 10 then an overall score .
dm me your age for my sc pics on my profile
hello great donors your financial assistance is needed on helping to fund this project .
for more information and donation please click here https www.kickstarter.com/projects/201888103/beehive-making-musical-honey https www.kickstarter.com/projects/201888103/beehive-making-musical-honey
all backers donations on this project will gladly be appreciated .
when i screenshare to people they say it 's like 5 pixels and they ca n't understand me from audio lag i have very strong internet so i do n't think it 's an internet issue seems to be discord .
i have distorted thinking but also am trying to figure out my place in this world .
i keep having these dreams that i am with my wife 's sister and then i get feelings for her .
i can not say anything or do anything but i would like these desires to stop if they are not important .
additionally i see others like my wife 's sister show more affection to her husband and i will assume others are getting more affection than myself where i then wonder if i can be happier with a different spouse .
this i feel is my ego but am i also not loving my self by just staying in my current situation ?
hook/usdt https www.mexc.com/exchange/hook\_usdt https www.mexc.com/exchange/hook_usdt estimated trading 2022-12-01 hook will be listed once the deposits meet the minimum liquidity requirements
deposit hook and claim from a 1,000 mx prize pool !
i 'm working through law chapter 4 w/princess and i 'm looking for some advice !
i 've just finished clearing the shrines for the first time and made sherri a shaman earthquake seems ... so-so ?
i 've poked into potd a little bit up to like 6 but then left to go do the shrines .
i 'm trying to do a no-incapacitation run so everything is a little bit touchy at least until i get the title then i do n't care after that p .
should i push for potd now or wait for later ?
should i just go ahead and finish ch4 before starting to clear farm potd ?
or should i finish ch4 then do something else ?
i do n't know if there is a better place to post this but i 'm trying this out .
i have been nocturnal '' for my whole life .
i think the origins of this are because i was a high level athlete in hs took a nap on the couch between school and practice for 1 hour got home from a 4-6 hour practice 10:00pm and did my homework late at night into the early hours of the morning if i had an essay or project due .
i function just fine during the day and sleeping more than 5 hours a night makes me incredibly anxious and depressed .
it 's best for me if i get less sleep .
yes i have talked to my doctor and my therapist about this and they agree that i just naturally need less sleep for some reason .
however i am now an adult in a long-term relationship i work remotely on my own schedule and i have lived with my partner for the last 3-4 years now .
for the first few years everything was totally fine .
we were n't even on opposite schedules or anything because i needed less sleep .
they would go to bed around 1am typically and i would have time to do my work between 1-4ish .
the last year and a half or so i have become incredibly anxious the moment they fall asleep .
some wild crap happened to me while i was finishing my senior thesis in college a couple of years ago i had some suicidal tendencies for a minute finally recovered from that at the current moment and developed some strange abandonment issues and a general inability to be alone for fear of where my mind would go .
i think this is the origin of this problem .
since this problem developed i have asked my partner to stay up a while longer each night but i ca n't keep doing that because it is bad for my mental health and their physical health .
i have also tried using substances alcohol cannabis to try to make myself sleepy earlier than i naturally would be since they help me get to sleep but the physical effects not to mention the effect on my daytime anxiety are too great for those to be a long term solution .
i do n't want to develop any sort of dependency on either my partner or on substances .
i guess it 's just the prospect of being alone at night that is scary .
i 'd like to return to what is normal for me instead of trying to go to sleep at 1 or 2 when my partner is sleepy .
i do not need sleep hygiene suggestions or suggestions to help me get to sleep .
i need suggestions for how to deal with being alone at night while the rest of the world is sleeping .
it is my favorite part of every day and i currently can not enjoy it because the anxiety that my partner and dog will be asleep and i will be alone is too much .
thank you in advance to anyone who reads this or offers any suggestions
i am looking for an ancient roman style font that uses a turned v for a but i 'm having trouble finding one does anybody know one preferably free by i will pay if needed by any chance
my son has asked me for only one thing for christmas .
that is to help him find bass guitar sheet music .
what would be a good sheet music site to find a lot of options or a subscription where he can get some music that he likes .
what would your girl do if the three of us were sitting there watching a movie and i pulled out my cock and started jerking like it 's completely normal ?
would you recommend retest the bp fls and save the aamc material until a week before or just do aamc first then retake the lowest scores the last week .
a place for members of r/dokkanaccountforsale to chat with each other
read the full article in general technology published on the digital insider at https thedigitalinsider.com/nis-regulations-to-be-extended-to-cover-msps
what if instead of death damage the phoenix does a spawn damage if the egg is hatched .
is it normal that i return to the main menu after every game ?
and sent back to the same 2/3 maps all over again ?
today i played a map that i 've never seen since i bought the game 4 days ago !
i sold something through global shipping a while ago .
the last update was nov. 14 that it shipped from the global shipping center to its international destination .
the buyer is being very nice understanding but they keep messaging me about it and i 'm not sure what action i can take through ebay that i can tell the buyer i did .
is there a place that i as the seller can open a package search case to make this buyer happy .
its time for a new and darker story of legend of heroes and i am so hyped and excited legend of heroes is my whole life and so are my legend of heroes wifes i will never be with any real women or people ever again https preview.redd.it/l3sxgtrqf03a1.jpg ? width=2048 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=1443bf105fa7247a67dc9f83f159939b9c49dcb9
i think the idea things could be better is genuinely upsetting to a lot of people more terrifying than any horror movie because if the world improved what would people base their identities on ?
for many people their whole identities are based on complaining about things or writing critiques or bathing in self-loathing self-destruction fear whatever emotion they can strike against some seemingly immovable surface to feel a sense of certainty .
it 's an under-appreciated truth that without problems to set themselves against a lot of people would start to freak out at the lack of a struggle .
which is really really sad when you think about it .
it 's so strange how many people use some enemy or problem as a quilting point for who they are without even realizing they are doing it to the point where that problem becomes as integral to their personality or brain as a heart or lungs something reliable to grind the old axe against when uncertainty flairs up when something else goes wrong at least you have the old cornerstone .
but what happens when life is good and you 're fixing yourself living simply enough with good feelings and all that falls away ?
what happens when you lose all those dark cornerstones you were using to hold yourself together ?
and i think this is why people are in love with dystopias and want so badly to live in them because at least in a world like that you know who you are where you stand .
a better world would annihilate most people 's entire identities just in a peaceful encounter
but i do think it 's true that many people are genuinely to the core of their beings terrified something genuinely good might happen and doing everything they can unconsciously to make sure it does n't to make it harder than it needs to be to believing good things are only possible by doing bad things that loving life is n't enough to justify itself and has to come from some kind of terrible struggle that it 's not enough just to be .
i think there is some kind of psychoanalytic principle where people will postpone happiness as long as they possibly can doing anything to make sure they never find redemption or love .
but you know the worst part of all of it is if everyone believed they deserved these things at least from themselves if from no one else it would already be a revolution in itself .
if people were calm and feeling good and did n't worship suffering and postponement of whatever it would take to feel okay
the idea of enjoying all the simple things in my life and feeling good even though i know how easy it would really be scares me .
it 's that fear i am trying to understand so i can try to let it go .
you know i was afraid to even write this post so maybe i am onto something .
i want to be happy and help others feel that way too .
am sorry got sick so could n't post it on monday .
hot hp train when 30th november wednesday 11:30 am utc
pof hp train when 1st december thursday 11:30 pm utc
eod hp train when 2nd december friday 11:30 am utc
the train begins in the respective start and finishes on the respective end mentioned above
you will gain 330 290 300 hero points from the full train with the hot pof eod map so plenty of hero points for 4 elite specs
the train will be very slow and beginner friendly around 2 hours i will wait for people who miss stuff i will use portals to help people who get stuck/lost
no waypoints needed in the maps except the starter waypoint in each map more below
i will drop banner and food 5 mins prior to the train
if i am late dues to some irl issues i may make the run a little fast to catch with with the regular time
this is what you need need to do to join
own the expansion heart of thorns for hot hp train
own the expansion path of fire for pof hp train
own the expansion end of dragon for eod hp train
the waypoint can be unlocked through the first story instance in the expansion 's story or by using teleport to friend
type this command in the in game chat around start sqjoin oneleafgod.3416
look in lfg in verdant brinks crystal oasis seitung province for this life hot/pof/eod hp train full 330/290/300 hero points by oneleafgod ... ''
note the '' does not include in the text it 's just separate different places .
more events on https discord.gg https discord.gg/czqqpxdfhw 2anyfsqvdz my personal server if you want to know about my schedule and a place to hang out do join
i 'm willing to try new extreme kinks but i still have my limits and i 'd like a good plot .
i 'm totally open to body worship dirty guys piss farts and more !
limits femboys twinks scat gore noncon and illegal stuff .
i put molding on my windows in the kitchen .
the issue i was running into is that the thickness of the wall varied a lot .
so now i have gaps and some of the joints are uneven .
how would you fill in gaps and even up the places where two pieces of moulding meet ?
i 'm looking to replace my 2013 c-max énergi in about a year .
i hope supplies improve enough by then to limit that effect .
in the us the escape gets 7500 tax credit .
hoping the congress adjusts the law to allow more manufacturers to build into north america .
i like the niro would consider the upcoming prius prime if i can get in and out easily .
outlander and rav-4 prime are on the expensive end to get the features i want
so i 'm researching watching reviews keeping a watchful eye at phevs .
i 've gone up zip line and given daria the instrument .
i 've even checked on her a few times .
i 'm almost done with the game but i still have stanley buck gustov and lily on my boat .
i 've done everyone else and sent them to the everdoor .
i 've gotten every chest and all the upgrades .
all that 's left to do with stanley and gustov is to take them to the everdoor .
do i have too many spirits in my boat ?
is that why i ca n't get the event to trigger ?
i wanted to keep stanley and gustov to the end and i 'll be sad if i ca n't .
update to edit i had to take both stanley and gustov to the everdoor for it to be triggered
so in watching halloween ends again i noticed some glaring details about the transcendence '' theme that i failed to notice the first time around and thought i 'd share .
i think the producers finally put some closure on the supernatural abilities of evil and why michael was able to sustain such injuries .
by killing michael was able to transcend what a normal human could endure .
with each kill michael became more invincible and regenerative .
this was not only obvious in the sewer scene where he killed the cop and physically trembled but also when corey kills dr. mathis .
after killing mathis corey unwraps his bandage and notices his hand now healed .
additionally corey 's is shown very much dead after laurie shoots him but suddenly awakens only for michael to deliver the final blow .
it can be assumed this last gasp was due to corey 's killing spree .
not saying i liked the angle or the movie altogether but it was an interesting take .
got a 5 iv decent hp english ditto ready to trade for another 5 iv foreign ditto that is not eng .
a hotel in niagara falls ny charged my credit card 22k when i was only supposed to be charged 11k .
tldr i 'm not opposed to pcs killing mountains of enemies .
i just want low and high lv pcs to be able to coexist somewhat by virtue of both being squishy .
i have 7 levels and you only need 1 to use it but its not working .
every decade he greatest spellcasters in all the land travel to one place and island that rises from the sea during the solar eclipse to battle among each other for the title of grand wizard .
their magically protected towers rise from the depths and the week-long tournament is drowned in blood and cum .
you can hear the lewd incantations from anywhere on the island the sounds of shouted begging to the divine the crackle of lightning the moans of the vanquished .
all spellcasters dream of one day emerging victorious and becoming the grand wizard but few have ever emerged victorious ... and alive .
i 'm hoping to set up and flesh out a scene with someone about characters who live in a nympho hentai fantasy land and cast spells !
i have tons of ideas for this whole thing but i wanted to give the scene some flexibility .
i 'm picturing a world where everything is sexual .
armor and clothing is lewd and revealing sex is normal and kinky sex is praised !
what level you want this to be is negotiable i 'm even fine with it being a less lewd world and the wizardly order of nympho witches operates in secret !
i 'm open to many fantasy races elves tieflings some anthros and monster girls and i 'm very kink flexible see below a list for kinks i love and would love to include .
are you a lewd witch who is participating in the tournament slinging body-morphing spells at your enemy and invoking a demonic patron for sexual power ?
maybe you are a squire or servant to a powerful mage your body bound revealed and tattood so that your master can draw sexual energy from you to power up her spells !
maybe you have little interest in the tournament itself but are here to investigate the goings-on behind the scenes and find out more about one of the contestants ?
if you win more adventures can await in this slutty world !
kinkwise i really want to focus on slutty and revealing outfits especially witchy magical fantasy outfits .
mind-controlling clothing enchanted or cursed lingerie piercings and lewd jewelry and womb tattoos that enhance sexual magicks are a huge plus !
we can work out what sort of spells you would like but summoning succubi or tentacles attacking with transformative magicks cum elementals mind-control sex-fighting as long as it 's nasty and naughty there is a school of magic dedicated to perfecting it !
other kinks include begging begging the gods for divine power and using sexual phrases as magical words to cast spells .
lewd displays and exhibitionism once again to cast spells are lovely !
i love rough sloppy spitty deepthroat and facefucking all three holes are available !
cum is a huge kink of mine and i love lots of it and i love weird cum too !
but i 'm also fine with human cock if its huge !
i love futas with cock balls pussy or no pussy .
the only limits that are mandatory are scat watersports anything illegal and sexual extreme violence it 's a wizard duel i 'm not here for sexual descriptions of gore or sadistic beatings .
if this sparked any interest in you at all hit me up with a message because i 'd like to work something out !
now that said for those of you who 've made it this far i have to admit my schedule can be awful .
i work on-call 7 days a week and never know what i 'm going to be working so i do disappear sometimes for days at a time .
short scenes are a whole ton of fun and fit well into my schedule but if you want a long-term thing and i do too !
you will have to have patience and expect that some weeks will only have a few detailed responses !
i 24 spray painted under a bridge when i was 19 and got caught i got a lawyer to take care of it mostly because i was an undocumented immigrant at a time i did all the things i had to do paid him what i owed and was told my case would be expunged from the record .
i got married and am trying to become legal my immigration lawyer asked for court records anda letter from the court saying it was expunged and that i 'm in the clear .
i hit up my old lawyer and ask for those and he says it was removed from the court of the common pleas but for some reason it is still showing up at the district court and he says he will go and see .
the next day he says there 's been a screw up on the side of the court by not serving the district justice .
i have no idea what that means at all but he 's asking for another 500 to take care of it because it 's alot of work .
i feel like i already paid the agreed upon amount for things to be taken care of and i should n't pay for someone else 's mistake ?
i wan na know if i 'm getting played or not .
i can pay the money if he 's asking fairly i just wan na know because i truly have no idea what any of what he 's saying means .
heads up the link for the banshee scream audio is rather loud .
granted he 's not in the best of shape but alive nonetheless .
what in the seven hell 's is that noise ?
looking about i spot that the rear wall of what i had dubbed as an interim morgue had collapsed on itself revealing more of the atrocities my predecessor performed .
salamander flames seem to hold them back and outright kill the weaker ones .
smaug get over there and sort it out before the others get overwhelmed .
i have to admit salamander flames are strong in their own right but they appear to be getting stronger the closer smaug gets .
focusing back on the halfling i have to grimace a little from just the sheer amount of blood he 's lost .
tough bastard i 'll give him that much considering he 's still standing .
titannia get him out an inspection is one thing but we 're dealing with an undead infestation caused by the sins of the past .
you ever have one of those moments where all you could do was stand there and blink ?
i am having one of them right this minute as smaug let rip and joined his fire to the salamanders currently cleansing the forge .
what i thought were just stripes to ward off potential predators on his back turned out to be vents .
i do n't know if they 're to cool him or to provide air to maintain the stream of flame he 's outputting either way it appears to be working .
put me down and get the fool of a halfling out .
she does so begrudgingly and takes off in the direction of the inspector .
then i hear something i never expected to hear .
come interloper this one will guide thee to thy exit .
thoust are wounded and easy prey for the restless deceased . ''
looking for someone to host monday dec 12 noonish tues dec 13 4pmish friday dec 16 9amish .
i tinted and drybrushed the bigbox tiles try to not overdo them and happy with the final result .
also we had a game with an insane engine i run out of science resources on physics center but in the end i had my ass handed to me 90 vp .
im thinking about making a new map focus on engine build non-standard resources on the map .
what milestones and rewards you think would fit that goal ?
i 'm trying to solve some a thermodynamics experiment for a physics project .
the experiment involves placing a cube of ice on someone 's hand and then calculating how long it takes to melt .
i began with a specific heat capacity equation q1=mcdt .
i measured m to be of the ice to be 0.022 kg c for ice is 2100 j/kgk and dt to be 273 k 272 k 1 k. i calculated 0.022 2100 1 to get 46.2 j .
then i did the latent heat of fusion q2=mlf .
with lf 3.34 x 10\^5 j/kg for water q2 7348 j .
finally i added the heats for a conduction equation qtotal/t ka dt/dx .
with k for ice being 2.1 w/mk the surface area of the ice on the skin being 1.2 x 10\^-3 m\^2 and dx the height of the ice at 0.02 m rearranging for time i get 58,684 seconds which seems way too long for ice melting .
i know that answer is probably wrong so am i missing something crucial here ?
can anyone tell me what 's the name of this performance ?
i am ruining my relationship with a wonderful person because of my jealousy .
i have just started therapy i am not officially yet diagnosed but have been having difficulties with mental health since a teenager .
in my twenties i was diagnosed with bipolar disoder then again diagnosed not having that .
when i started seeking therapy this year a mental heatl nurse suggested that my symptoms combined with neglectfull childhood sound a lot like bpd and i already had thought about it myself before that comment and after reading more about bpd it all sounds too familiar .
i have had jealousy issues in my first love '' relationship in my early twenties we used drugs quite a lot and i was really insecure then i had an abusive and jealous partner that i didnt feel jealous of he was extremely jealous of me .
in my late twenties i met the father of my child who is really stable and trustworthy and did not feel jealous .
after separating from him i had another stable and good partner for a year who i also did not feel jealous of .
the breakups from the last two were completely from my side i just did not see myself spending the rest of my life with them .
with my current partner who i feel is the love of my life the jealousy just gets worse and worse .
there is some things with him that have made me feel jealous and i cant seem to get past them .
we have talked about them but my trust issues just keep getting worse .
during the daytime i am able to keep myself at track but when i start to worry at night the feelings just get too intense .
there is some reason for me to feel more jealous of him than in my past relationships a girlfriendly female best friend use of sex workers when he was single and looking at oher women so that i notice but nothing real '' .
i understand that the looking other women thing is partly in my head too but not completely .
oh and the most recent one is when he quite unintentionally told that he really likes his close coworkers way of speaking an accent of hers .
my previous partners have not had this many close females in their lives .
i am 100 sure that he is not a cheater and that the relationships are platonic '' .
i also think that he likes to keep women around him as men do .
he is really nice and i understand why women and men too like him and for example want to keep in touch with him outside of work too .
he doesnt even have that much social life outside of work and our family outings together so my insecurity is completely unnecessary .
and why do my symptoms get worse now i 'm 38 dont use much alcohol live a healthy live etc .
i am mostly able to control myself during the day but when i wake up to go to the bathroom at night i just stay awake and eventually lose control .
i have love ha pawmi flittle capsakid and beast ha cyclizar on hand .
the choreographers merely gave him the pencil and taught him to use it michael created the art
this post was removed because it may violate rule 9 and has been sent to the mods for review .
if you are posing a question where only a positive response would be acceptable and a negative response would be considered rude it would potentially be flagged as a title that is fishing for compliments please review the rules before posting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bbw if you have any questions or concerns .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
if you are in immediate danger or crisis please contact your local emergency services https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_emergency_telephone_numbers or use our list of crisis resources https old.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index wiki_crisis_support_resources .
for cptsd specific resources support check out the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index .
for those posting or replying please view the etiquette guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/peer2peersupportguide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cptsd if you have any questions or concerns .
participation by the men 's team in fifa tournaments earns them more more money than what the women make .
but the men 's team did not participate in any fifa tournament between the 2016-2020 period thats my whole fucking point
yeah i do n't like whatever generation is after gen-z because i kid you not my school kinder through highschool ...
there were several 1st grade boys wearing dresses and makeup this is one of those moments where my brain tells me to shoot them but i have to use my black ops 2 knowledge spam x aggressively and not shoot people .
not news per se but certainly bad optics https inews.co.uk/news/politics/cost-of-living-crisis-senior-mps-are-claiming-expenses-to-help-pay-for-their-energy-bills-1982020 .
despite mentioning labour mps doing it too they sure did seem to focus on le evil toreees more .
they have churned money way more than the refunds during lockdowns .. they took your money for 18 months and hardly paid a dime to health practioners
again there are some things worth shelling out for but the vast amount of stuff really is n't .
tbf most of the great battles marc won were whenever the races were a punch up when it 's more than just 1v1 dog fight
every romcom where the guy screws up but then gets the girl by doing some over the top borderline stalker-ish 'romantic ' thing .
you can only improve through self reflection and it makes sense that trolls would be lacking in that .
long term gf ni kuya ang napangasawa niya and hindi kami nabigyan ng chance na maging close dahil sa malayo ako nag-aral and nagwork .
the third man in the bottom middle not but the first and second one are easily achieved by going some months to the gym supposing you are average .
i know two friends that went and had awful experiences messed up their game .
had another friend who used another coach total opposite .
you can ride me as long as you want just let me cum inside you
corporations do n't need to steal they do n't need to pollute they do n't need to lie about what in their products but they do .
i have roaches because they fucking love to be hard to exterminate and whenever i go to move my series s from my desk to my tv i have to wipe it because just on the out side you can see roach droppings .
same thing happens with all electronics in my house especially my tv 's where you can see dead roaches at the bottom of the inside of the screen .
iowa requires you to get fingerprinted using specific fingerprint cards .
i had the cards that the boards sent to me but i had them completed in louisiana and sent them back to the iowa board and they rejected one set but accepted the other even though they were both sent to me in the same packet .
so i had to go to the sheriff 's office and get my fingerprints redone in iowa .
otherwise i think it 's 160 to get an iowa license but you can only get the compact part of the iowa license if you have a permanent address in iowa .
i know us soccer tend to be liberal but what 's with all the conservative bashing comments there are so many threads for politics
i also got stuck quick in this game too .
it sounds too much like a pop song for what it 's supposed to be for .
ed sheeran might be a good vocalist and lyricist but he is not a good composer
there is so much more to do in linux than windows is prob the point here .
i love the whole piece but the water in particular is incredible !
like some others have said it 's nice to grip online but so many people are still using drift that it 's hard to take good lines .
i 've gotten t-boned by a drifting barracuda/r32 like 20 times already lol
thank you wishing you the same on your future projects .
sorry i have a finger injury or i 'd say more
do you have auto-set on or off under strength activity settings if on you have to be very careful how you stop start and how you move your arms .
would really recommend switching off for hte moment and experiment with it later .
rather use the lap/back button to trigger when you have finished a set which will start your rest counter then use it to trigger the next set .
very unlikely to be able to get a firearm license for this .
claire was pretty alright in the first few missions then the last part of the quest came .
hell nah you ca n't just do me like that .
you bet your ass i went back in my save used save editor just so i can ! save that technically all within the rules man ! .
! claire had 2 chances to tell the truth without someone else putting her in a position where she has to tell the truth .
first at the start of the quest where she 's hiring us 2nd when she told us the partial truth about her husband 's death and omitted the rest .
i know grief can get the better of people but i never take kindly to being misdirected and lied to .
you apparently do n't undersatnd the difference between relative '' and absolute '' .
mario and pokemon are names that have replaced mickey mouse .
i 'm just waiting for part 3 to be put up to binge all three episodes at once .
yes but there are that many people with the same experience i do n't think it 's a coincidence anymore .
it 's up to you what to make of that information just a warning that if you have mpb you probably should n't be taking creatine
lahjakortit ja herkkukori mis jouluhenkistä ruokia ja hyvät viinit on ollu parhaita .
i have read this and was super surprised that the dealer paid compensation on top of the car price .
then i realised it was a retired ifs officer who bought it .
no wonder the dealer was trying to avoid trouble that would have followed .
as good as it sounds i do n't think an average common man would ever succeed in such fights .
nah i 'm genuinely into the show.. it 's the little fking hip wiggles .
i get given 1 year at a time and even carrying two letters from different doctors and a letter from the embassay of whatever country i 'm living in still feel a bit sketchy going through airports .
au and uk are pretty much the same country so i 'm sure you 'll have no dramas dealing with docs over here .
i 'm also super super careful about making sure nobody knows i am on medication as in i take the stance that my adhd only mild and i just use youtube and therapy yo !
as australia is a bit of a drug desert compared to the rest of the planet .
vyvanse was going for 30aud https streetrx.com/au a 30mg pill a week ago .
wrong person overhears an offhand comment from a mate whilst you 're out with friends and ten minutes later you 're going for a piss and some crazy guy has a steak knife pointed at you demanding your pills .
between the 11hrs and this update post jeremy has got a firearm discharge felony on his neighbor the nerite snail assaulted several tank police officers arson in the cichlid tank and ... fraud dui breaking and entering solicitation armed robbery aggravated assault on bottom feeders in general .
nah jojo seems like it can appeal to the fem gaze way more therefore making it a bad example .
as for kruidnoten any big brand is ok. for most people that is .
⬇️redd.tube download link https redd.tube ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/maturewomen/comments/z8olyh/want_to_play_with_them for this post .
remember to follow all our rules and report rule breaking stuff .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/maturewomen if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm guessing it 's to stop that kick off technique where people send a striker deep and then just l1 r1 through ball
not doubting it 's existence but i kinda want to read it
i fear i woke up one day to see slavery laws back to america !
yes it is illegal to have a restaurant next to another restaurant after restaurant brands vs branded restaurants 2002 .
my point is she looks so different in pictures of herself that others post verses pictures she controls with her filters and editing on social media
please remember that all ratings must be a whole number between 1 and 10 .
any comment that is not just a whole number between 1 10 will be removed
users who give consistently low ratings will be banned .
if you do n't like pussies that 's fine just go somewhere else .
we 're all here to have fun so do n't ruin someone else 's by being a dick .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemypussy if you have any questions or concerns .
and it made for a good early weapon for rheda until i got brenna 's thief skill up to 8 and with the rope equipped got her to open the crates in the castle basement containing the mace of glory and sheridan 's gear armor sword shield .
got it all before taking out the leader of the goblins in the mountains near erromen .
it 's awesome if you have an all solar party because the mace of glory can turn night to day in battle with the light spell .
nothing you dont put snails in your pockets thats like shoving a dog into a backpack .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemypussy if you have any questions or concerns .
i really really hope that deposit system would be expanded to food containers too .
for example eu could start standardising take-away food containers and at some point start mandating them in the national deposit systems .
japan already reuses standardised food containers en masse and it works well .
he mentions his school dance theme was hawaiian and then looks at his shirt
what would be a good way for them to make older skins earnable ?
if you 're humanist you can either identify as just humanist there are plenty of just humanist institutions since it 's a legit historical position that has philosophical legitimacy and is respected and considered serious or become deist/pantheist which are still humanism based ideologies and carry less stigma than the satanic temple or the satanic church .
those two institutions are legit just big tent groups with no defined ideology that just rely on the edgy shocking '' name to stay relevant
i used to drive by what i think is that store often .
omg how did i not know this place existed ! !
copy of what 's believed to be hunter biden 's laptop data turned over by repair shop to fbi showed no tampering analysis says
i thought everyone in this thread was joking but no .
it 's real and terrifying until you remember periods are a thing and everything they entail as well as the process of forming a belly button .
antler shedding combined with standing on hind legs to eat tree leaves and whistling certainly explains many alleged cryptid encounters .
it 's not really a bad idea ... i 'd just pick a friend or relative 's kid and not change any facts about the kid at all .
name birthday favorite frickin muppet or whatever only thing that is n't true is that i 'm this child 's parent .
most people are not expecting someone to try to murder them .
i would like to speak after fit if you do n't mind i have already said some of my story but i did keep out a few thing but now i do feel more comfortable but if anyone wants to go after fit before me i i 'm more then happy for you to go first
ica is n't worth the hassle no bank ud route .
if i loosen my drag i 'll lose the fish from slack ... also brand new hooks should n't do this
i think at the least i 'll wait a while to stretch as i think i may like a hoop in my labret eventually more than a stud too so i would like to try that out eventually
take a rest from rank hell you 'll eventually find a good content
a pediatrician i follow on insta just did a reel about the difference between night terrors and nightmares and how to help stop night terrors .
here 's a link if that sounds useful https www.instagram.com/reel/clfeu3-n1fg ? igshid=mdjmnzvkmjy .
the short version of how to stop them is to wake your kid up about an hour before they usually happen they usually happen at the same time every night .
basically yes as long as you 're careful of wash sale rule that 's exactly it .
i tend not to do it unless there 's a notable loss like this past year but i jump in and out every 31 plus days if i notice i 've dropped a bit .
yes and this is probably due to many factors .
the pandemic the high rigorousness of the class and other factors i 'm not sure of .
the man is a vinsmoke through and through even his brain is curly
other signs you 're a cop your favorite power ranger is jason your favorite ninja turtle is leonardo or your main is mario in mario kart .
just know that if her ex calls her again she would drop you in a heartbeat
you should have your license suspended for making all the decisions that lead to this
according to maximum overdrive if the sky is green it 's some alien shit .
not sure what red mean but i would look for a fallout shelter just in case .
well technically if she 's underaged in elf years then it 's still bad until she is over 36 which would be the elven equivalent of 18 assuming humans live to 100 and elves live to 200
try full e build with the d/trait talents on 13 and 16. typically i 'll go armor or q talent on level 1 .
playstyle is full charge leap e into enemy to either peel or engage .
then you have the option to either start charging your e again or slap d and insta cast .
this means you have the option to d+w after leaping into the enemy team and then repeating the same process because your e will almost never be on cooldown .
she can be hella fun in aram give her a try
i slip into bed behind you kiss your neck and bite your ear .
taking my left hand and pressing the middle of your back to bend you over before grabbing your hair .
i slowly penetrate your pussy with my cock and begin rubbing your clit .
i like this ... it 'll be a 'do n't mess with tanya ' plot twist
i learned that if you poop and fart and shit and then if you come and fart then and only then can you fart and poop and shit
could you make an effort to give us some info here instead of just dropping off a link ?
yes definitely with a big long french kiss while you farted
hi non salaried fa here from an independently owned fa .
you can use a mixture of multipay and non multipay for your needs .
can compare and contrast the costs and coverage for yourself between companies also can .
personally i also have a multipay with singlife with aviva i think its better but more expensive than single claims .
for singlife i would use a mixture of multipay or single claim benefits to meet clients needs or use axa to save costs though at this point of time singlife is cheaper than axa because of a promotional price .
it really depends on what you need at the end of the day !
when game is loading and you 're in lobby tou can see how many real players connect .
it 'll be like 35/99 and keep going up .
once the game starts the rest is filled by cpu bots .
and it 's been a few years but after the match is over you can tell next to the name who is a cpu and who 's a real human .
considering it 's about 12 bucks a gallon and you have to have some whack engine timing to burn it maybe .
we get dark mode and the possibility of staking ?
this bear market is amazing andwe have time to accumulate with these low prices as well !
the maize jerseys look decent but for some reason the fans look real bad in it in t-shirts .
and what u said didnt even respond to what i said true redditor here
i think it 's to add more risk/reward to the gameplay loop .
if you could just infinitely restart races with buy ins and betting against ai opponents would be trivial because you do n't have to lose if you do n't want to .
limited restarts means you can go back and fix your major mistakes but not every single line in a race .
the final frame that freezes with that woman in the back is the chefs kiss .
that poor good boy he was so polite about it all
that reporter sounds like a cross between admiral ackbar and lori lightfoot with a cold
i do n't care if his name is stranger he will always be shadow basil to me
back when sara rune was like 6m and zammy was 10m .
ngl im watchin him get his ass beat on stream rn bro is eating food n shit with his mic on it 's groady
reminder that this is a subreddit about numbers not necessarily about the quality or lack thereof of a particular movie .
unless it is related to the box office performance of a movie please keep opinions/arguments/thoughts about the quality under this post .
posts not related to box office may be removed otherwise .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boxoffice if you have any questions or concerns .
kihei and armaan need to fucking bring it if reece is down
i believe an entry level job should meet at minimum a living wage and i believe healthcare .
that said an increase in the base wage should directly affect all pay scales above that as well .
there needs to be a full shift in wages across the board for all skill levels .
all that trickle down money '' never trickled down .
it is stored in mass in the accounts of america 's largest corporations .
inflation is being passed onto the the consumer when the company 's posting profit quarter after quarter one after another and then lay off tens of thousands of people before christmas they are the problem .
all hate and no love leads to this every time .
damn you 're really knowledgeable i 'm kinda looking for the dirt cheapest does n't need data dont mind having it tho type plan there is and i was seeing people say montreal wasnt covered but on their map it says theres nationwide coverage
center for changing lives in humboldt helps people do that
it 's also because they were n't a big market for american movies .
i just heard someone talking about this on a podcast .
i think american movies might have even been banned over there in some places so just make them the bad guys .
there 's been similar issues where companies are worried about making the bad guy asian because it 's such a huge market .
the chinese gov rejects movies that make the bad guy asian lol
when will it be okay for ukraine to start firing missiles back into russia .
but at the source of where the missiles are being launched .
4 weather forecast is a insane card that will boost weather painters to tier 1-2
why do n't they just use their southern state flag instead of a symbol of racism
i 'm in dallas pull up catch these hands 2 for 1
the total war games are set in the warhammer fantasy setting warcry takes place in age of sigmar a sort of sequel setting for fantasy set after the end times .
there are some similarities and factions but it is uniquely its own thing and very different from warhammer fantasy battles the setting for total war .
if youd like to know more about the setting for warcry check out this video https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=rzkyqfcvolq and youtube channel .
if you ca n't drive around a person slowly backing out and stopping once they see you coming what does that say about your driving skills ?
people been backing out for decades all of society does it this way yet you 're going to claim with a straight face that it 's a very serious problem lol
lets see you get me cited when you back into me while i 'm stopped lol no way that 's legit you made that up
i mostly come for the history and the design .
i feel bad when small businesses have to leave due to demolition to replace a piece of small history with a twisty strip mall and bland apartments .
an immutable characteristic to be morally reprehensible across the board
discrimination by its definition is unjust treatment of people so if it is being counted as discrimination it is deemed immoral .
however treating certain people unequally is not morally reprehensible across the board .
there are some cases where it would be unfortunate but justified or necessary .
the blind are not allowed to drive and would probably not be trusted as much with certain tasks as an example .
honestly the security guard should be sucking off the rams guy as well
phil and bacon make me horny but not as much as sydenham
he 's saying them saying they risk their status sounds like an empty threat
i do n't think you ever lose it since i 'm pretty sure it 's not something you activate
in k 's dads interview the private driver was a sorority-designated driver service
i would read out a sentence and have them repeat it a few times to get the pronunciation down .
then i would say the sentence as it is in the song tempo wise and have them practice that .
so from jingle bell rock for example snowin ' ... and blowin ' ... up bushels-of-fun '' to get them used to the tempo instances where words run together etc .
do that for a whole verse then practice singing a few times then the chorus practice singing the chorus then verse chorus singing then move on to learn the next chunk etc etc .
once they learned the whole song it 's fun to give them challenges like sing the whole song whispering now as loud as you can now boys sing the verses and girls sing the chorus now group a can only sing a b c lyrics and group b can only sing x y z lyrics etc .
but regardless even if they are confident with the song they are still going to be looking down at their paper 90 of the time if not the whole time .
imagine you only had 40 minutes to memorize a whole song in a foreign language .
not sure the exact date anymore ... around 2014 in southwestern ontario canada ... my youngest daughter pointed out something i could n't explain while i was driving ... she said look a helicopter '' ... i looked ...
so i pulled over to have a better look in a canadian tire parking lot .
low sitting over the abandoned movie theatre cigar or tic tac shaped extremely shiny was gliding around at first which i was thinking maybe .. just maybe mylar balloons as i tried to explain it to myself ...
but then it moved so fast to 2 different spots .
hovered the rest of the time and then disappeared so fast that you could barely see it leaving ...
it was like you snapped your fingers and it almost disappeared .
it lasted around ... probably 5 minutes but it felt like 10 seconds ... only told my wife this year and i asked my daughter about it a few months ago she does n't remember it but i always will .
i just could n't take my eyes off it .
nl are for sure the more talented squad hands down but that says more about your football knowledge than anything else no offense .
those are all epl players minus musah and a juve and milan player .
not exactly household names but certainly not unknown if you follow those leagues and the sport closely .
bundesliga is my league but even i know the nl squad and can name a few players from most eredivisie teams .
edit i just saw you commented that therapy is expensive '' to someone else a few days ago so i 'm assuming no .
realize that if you are this depressed being alone that you do n't enjoy being around yourself .
no man will save you and the rest of your life will continue to be disappointing if you do n't learn how you can save yourself .
you could pick out a practical gift in the style of deus ex .
it 's the easiest with the modern art style since it 's basically black and gold triangles victorian florals origami .
so even if you get him a sweater it could be in those colours .
nordic style '' shops often have that dx look as well since that 's what they used as one of the inspirations for the game .
i am from the us and i am planning on leaving it in the next couple of years i make about the same as you do but my taxes are so high .
so i am going to go remote on my job and will do contracts only going forward that way i can stay overseas and not pay arm and a leg in taxes and medical insurances .
though as an american i have more easier options to settle in saudi or other developed muslim countries idk how that will be for you as a pakistani passport holder .
another thing it all comes down to preferences meaning what kind of life you want if you want a life close to allah and islam then us and western countries is definitely not a place to be .
but if the goal is better standard of life then with that much money you can have that anywhere in the world .
you can even move to the jamaican islands and live like a king or somewhere like puerto rica even beaut of a place pr .
in the end let it be your own decision .
declare war on your neighbor and launch em from a tiny trebuchet .
the problem here is not her nor your beliefs .
the problem here is blaiming someone else for the problems you see in life .
she choose to blame republicans men and anyone not agreeing with her .
i am a stoic so i believe in the basic idea that everyone needs to deal with their own crap that they can control and then help and receive help when needed .
i have a private cross platform server that some friends and i want
to use to stream off but we need more tribes to
twice a week but the server will be up 24/7 .
a fee to join the server 7 only because of the
pretty privilege '' is definitely a funny way to describe a spiteful envy towards a more attractive friend lol .
not my clinic but the interventional radiology location is where i spoke to 3 people about my port gettibg replaced and the special curcumsttances was told it was going to be fine and then my port wound up not getting replaced because there was too much scar tissue for the interventional radiologist to remove it .
it is two months later and i still need to book a replacement appointment as the vascular surgeon wanted to check my veins beforehand which kudos to him because ir did n't even do a consult beforehand .
as was mentioned above it 'd be good to see the error s you 're getting .
could you use process advisor to export the workflow you built sanitize any sensitive information on your triggers and actions and post the workflow ?
happy holidays to you too and keep up moving forward in your life
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/0rs5a5jrc33a1.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
it goes to show how bad things are at microsoft .
apple on the other hand has managed to update the entire os in 1 year between major releases .
and they dropped support for older machines and updated the code so the os is very fast and efficient for newer hardware and there 's no legacy code holding it back .
the one thing i worry about is the dust .
i do n't have enough space in my room for a hepa but i only plan to have one pigeon .
normal and i 'm still struggling i just ca n't beat any bosses
the way they went out of their way to bury chris pratt 's parts in the trailer tells me everything i need to know .
there are just too many good italian and italian-american actors in this world for them to have done this .
should have done it like the voice and blind auditioned by sound only cuz bay bee chris pratt ai n't it .
mob boss hustler man with rolex was way better cousin .
actually is more like the situation that you mentioned does n't match the reality '' .
of course still a very delusional answer coming from him .
tuff but i do take pride in my full chem lol .
around that time there usually steam server maintenance works so maybe they got disconnected because of that .
like mc is a pushover cringy or his enemies are so stupid cringy ?
looks like you just made a text post in r/movies .
unfortunately our robot removed it because we require a minimum of 300 characters not 300 words in the body of our text posts .
please revise resubmit and tell us a little more about what you want to talk about .
please do not message us asking us to approve your submission .
if you 're trying to remember the name of a movie please visit r/tipofmytongue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/movies if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i know this now and sometimes think the first two may have influenced my political beliefs to make me based
i 've never lived in a place with crosswalks hell i 'm lucky if there 's a sidewalk !
and am eternally vexed by what is and is n't jaywalking honestly .
had a 'the signs were all there ' moment .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
does n't even need to be an old building just any building .
any shit left in the hallways will become an obstacle in an emergency .
avocado does n't grow on the meat i 'm already using but sure for cooking vegan people
please be sure to follow all rules https www.reddit.com/r/gooned/about/rules and to report sketchy stuff .
more goonfuel and meetups can be found at r/jerkbudss !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gooned if you have any questions or concerns .
if hypothetically signora was to hit you with every single instance of her tornado attack it probably kills anyone .
she ca n't as far as i know since it 's not possible to get hit by all of them .
i fat fingered it and accidentally bought 15k rockfang leather instead of 1.5k now i 'm trying to offload it .
i opened 5 chests i got 100 gems 50 legendary orbs 25 high and in the last one healing karma .
technically opioids are made in the lab like oxycodone fentanyl or meperidine
es gibt keine chinesische nachrichtenseite die offen die regierung kritisieren darf .
auch ausländische journalisten werden massiv an der berichterstattung gehindert und gerne mal kurzzeitig festgenommen um sie einzuschüchtern .
die geschichte mit den uiguren erinnert mich an viele ähnliche vorfälle in der menschheitsgeschichte in der die welt auch zugeschaut und es erstmal klein geredet hat .
sei es apartheid oder judenverfolgung erst wenn gras über die sache gewachsen ist oder es zu offensichtlich wurde kommen langsam die stimmen die sagen das war aber nicht richtig was ihr da gemacht habt .
die chinesen verfrachten massenweise uiguren in arbeitslager damit unterbinden sie dass sich uiguren vermehren können geschweige denn ein leben führen können .
es werden willkürlich uiguren eingesperrt ohne gerichtsverfahren ohne möglichkeit sich zu wehren .
make it steam deck compatible would love to play it on the go
yeah and the bill already has the votes to pass so no need to gift walker more ammo while the runoff is ongoing .
your post has been removed because you have fewer than 3,000 comment karmas .
please check back when you have been on reddit long enough to satisfy this requirement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oddlysatisfying if you have any questions or concerns .
a borrower with 100k at 6 would save 33.2k in interest over their payback period .
so not only is it more palatable than the 10k payment in many cases it can be more generous too .
first 2 things i write is the begin an rollback .
i like to watch stuff in bed and it 's not on crunchyroll or anything
gon na have to watch it on my pc finally i guess lol i love the psychological thrillers !
the only game im planning to stream is apex legends at the moment .
not every usb-c port supports the required features for such an adapter like display out .
a thunderbolt-certified port does support the required non-thunderbolt features .
and yes that is slightly misleading and confusing marketing .
on the other hand there are enough people that do not understand the overlap between thunderbolt ports and usb-c ports .
listen to walk in the park '' their best or space song ppp zebra silver soul
man ... .i just saw this and saw when it was made and i laughed so hard i snorted
nintendo ca n't stop people from gathering to play as smash is inherently a multiplayer game .
any company that produces an ip has right to that ip .
nintendo is well within their legal right to stop tournaments from streaming matches .
this is for all intents and purposes inconsequential to smaller tourneys such as my weekly local .
we average like 10 viewers per stream and the venue partnership keeps costs low on lieu of advertising .
national tourneys and larger regional weeklies think xanadu will have problems because streams and advertising are part of the monetization model that would n't exist without nintendo 's ip bringing in viewership .
this sadly means that nintendo well within it 's legal right .
by any other measure they 're a dinosaur company refusing to modernize that exist solely because of their properties and not because people actually like nintendo .
part of the joke is that after the meeting he will .
i got a wallet from i medici in florence .
i do n't think it 's particularly fancy but i 've had it about 8 years now and it 's in perfect condition using it every day .
tried it solo did n't do much for me .
tried it two player did n't do much for me .
three was the absolute sweet spot and it remains one of my favorite plays .
i am still awaiting my xia fix i do n't think the people i played it with liked it .
i guess they just intruded that part of my brain
oh my i definitely might have a worm you can suck on
did you want them to jump on this dude book and charge him—just for him to be acquitted by a jury ?
they needed more evidence and they got just what they needed .
meanwhile the internet was doxxing people left and right who were completely innocent .
i do n't think he hung it up i think it was hung up for him .
they can talk about spirit babies all they 'd like but her odds of getting pregnant and staying pregnant are abysmally low .
i think if he had the chance to have more kids with another woman he 'd take it .
he 's one of my celebrity crushes so maybe it 's just a me thing that i wanted to see😂 i agree with the whole disney vibe it 's stays on a lot of the stars .
as others have said you 're doing great do n't beat yourself up .
for painters tape stuck on hard wood or glass if the razor does n't work i 've had good luck with tweezers .
but remember you 'll be feet from the paint and nobody will notice the little slivers of tape ... except you .
we always see our mistakes even if nobody else does .
i actually think there 's a pretty cool middle ground .
i think the offsides technology should be used with really sick lines which would give the advantage to an attacker .
so in some sense in attacking player could be slightly offsides by today 's rules but due to the line thickness they would be deemed on side .
the coroner said the stab wounds contributed to the death and there was one maybe two wounds inflicted by the assailant .
it 's wild how many of you reddit educated folks who do n't understand your own capillary system exist .
it 's way easier to reverse into a parking spot .
you just get one back wheel in the right place and bring the front end round until it 's lined up .
my childhood best friends ' mom passed away when she was a baby .
she was forced to call her stepmom 'mom ' and it has traumatized her since .
i believe all you need is the raid drivers .
i thought there was an option during install to select drivers but i ca n't find any reference to it online specifically for windows 10 .
the best i could find is this dell article https www.dell.com/support/kbdoc/en-us/000148150/how-to-install-the-storage-controller-f6-driver-during-the-windows-installation-setup-process that 's not dated and just says windows '' no indication if it 's for 10 or not .
other than that there 's this ms article https learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/manufacture/desktop/add-device-drivers-to-windows-during-windows-setup ? view=windows-11 that looks a bit more involved .
r/yatessmegma you ca n't teach an old dog new tricks .
he said that his girlfriend told her parents who told his parents that she does n't like his job so his parents told him to step down and get a 9-to-5 job .
he 'd be obeying his parents ' command and saving me money .
honestly if there was it 's a very saturated market now my goodness whyyy
he would either kill him in the womb or just disown him .
in yujiro 's eyes everyone is a woman but i think baki would be limited physically as a woman so he would have no interest in him at all .
very true funny how many idiots today do not realize he 's the one that started all the california bullshit around guns and wanted to disarm the black panthers .
man i really wish i could be decent playing him but i always fail miserably .
which is fine it 's just not really my thing .
for me to spend that money on a fragrance i would have to absolutely love it and i usually do n't even like the niches that much let alone love .
i think if you like the only one you would love this one .
it 's the only one but better to me .
very much in the same family as i also think the one is .
usually they wait until the second half but even their wins have been sus where they have let teams come back .
and say very common attributes or things about passed loved ones .
they died from something in their chest yeah a lot of problems can occur with your heart and lungs
also a cool parallel twist with the qrow and clover fight .
qrow as the frog is forced to work with the scorpion .
and even though he 's not the one stung ... it still stings him .
lost 15kg in 7 months with cico incidental low intensity exercise walking bike riding and a sedentary desk job .
at the start of my journey i felt too bloated and uncomfortable in my body to do much exercise but i find myself wanting to be more active as i get closer to my goal still about 7kg to go .
my pcp would n't prescribe me test bc my 300 was still in range .
bless me ultima for kids by rudolfo anaya and sabrina corina by kali fajardo-anstine
wrapped up like a douche into the roller in the night ?
i 'm aware of it but have n't used it .
would you recommend learning it for this sort of thing ?
hah i literally just saw a tik tok about this quest
i see what you are tryna do here ... .bruh you going to deploy ... you ai n't getting out of it .
here is purely a list of first time deals https flcannabisdeals.org/florida-dispensary-first-time-discounts https flcannabisdeals.org/florida-dispensary-first-time-discounts
good opportunity for a young guy to learn from one of the best ever
if she sits for a week she 's dead .
not what i was looking for but a great recommendation nonetheless .
so if i were an average man i would be able to exist in the world without regularly being harassed by people who frequently get confrontational and/or threatening when i tell them i 'm not interested ?
pardon my french but i am so so fuckin ' sick of people asking suggesting about saving ectopic pregnancies .
it has never occurred for ectopics that occur in fallopian tubes .
medical tech is very far away from ever making that happen and if it did it 'd be ... so crazily difficult to get that knowledge and tech distributed .
even when the woman is physically safe they are a cruel heart-wrenching process .
ectopics for both wanted and unwanted pregnancies are horrible .
american legislators attempted to pass legislation in 2019 requiring re-implantation of ectopic pregnancies .
the stereotype of male politicians knowing next-to-nothing about women 's bodies held true .
i am not trying to harm or attack op but this question comes up way too often to keep maintaining the benefit of the doubt .
to me it 's like hearing hey i shot your dog in the face multiple bullets right through to his brain .
do you want me to pick up some treats for him after he comes back from the vet ? or let 's say a burst pipe leaks 10,000 gallons of water and sewage into someone 's apartment .
does the church support him not returning the book ?
or should we damn him to hell instead ? it feels so cruel to me .
yes god can work miracles but we ca n't condemn allow or legislate based on a theoretically miraculous possibility .
who are these people who are hell-bent on bringing this question back up ?
hard wired was perfect but wifi on all devices had issues as you describe .
got a new modem/router from xfinity and all is working now .
i 'll contradict you by stating that i have not only seen but also flown drones upside down in long dives .
counter point he brought a .50 cal with him along with other guns and shot at police officers .
their allies rely on taiwan 's chip production for their societies to function .
ukraine feeds africa which is at most an indirect boon to the west in keeping africa from running into worse problems and keeping a migrant crisis from getting worse .
it 's also 'just ' one more state before the eu and nato have russia on its border which is n't intensely problematic since attacking nato/eu is folly .
one goes down our society grinds to a crawl as tech stutters .
the other goes down the west continues to function but they just buff up their defenses and hope that africa does n't implode but it 's still manageable .
one of his seasons as a dc was a covid season and yes he has solid p5 experience but it 's a homogenous experience i.e .
if you look at current head coaches most do n't get the hc tag until after year 15 and most learn and grow at a multitude of locations
i 'm not saying that jl would have been a terrible coach but i dont think it was/is the right time for him to take on the enormous responsibility of leading a p5 program .
if he 's serious about the career it would behoove him to gain more experience expecially more experience under a diversity of leadership .
it 's easy to complain about food when you 've got plenty to eat .
i 'm starting to think luka 's game is trash .
fehrenbacher hof in sw it 's in an old house stumptown at the ace hotel you can take your coffee into the hotel lobby and go upstairs to the cozy loft albina press on albina
whitecourt had 3-4 good wobbles i guess and 10-15 seconds of deep vibrations .
i have no idea what was going inside his head but i bet it was epic fr fr
she literally put her live on the line to save a man she only met once before .
no she thought she was cleverer than she really was and did it for pride and to impress the doctor .
she lied to the doctor about doing it because she did n't want to be scolded and thought she could fix it .
she died because she was a prideful selfish egotistical liar .
she wanted to prove she was the doctor 's equal this had been a theme for several episodes .
as for the doctor and that 'betraying ' speech that is classic toxic co-dependence .
the doctor is n't being noble there he is being destructively obsessed with clara .
that was the doctor being broken and dysfunctional while lying to himself about why .
that is why clara is so negative she lies and manipulates and in the end had the doctor doing the same thing .
that is a massively toxic relationship and a very strange one to place front-and-center in doctor who .
because it 's about high time labor ditches the groups of people who do n't share anything in common with them
and this includes shit-lib occupations whose foul mockery of collective bargaining is a slap in the face to everyone .
fuck anyone who is n't in an honest trade such as teachers
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
reply here if you are an unverified user wishing to give advice .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
im sorry but your argument was not 'genji got so many skins and got no christmas skins heres why this mispacing represents mismanagement ' it was 'genji and d.va did n't get a christmas skin but reaper did ' which does n't logically follow to mismanagement .
i mean my point was to parody the choice of genjimm because of all characters why choose genji ... and not one of those characters that got no skins you mentioned .
as i said genji is the worst example to use as a character missing out on skins .
everything else seems like a retroactive scrambling to reinforce an initially weak example .
and again im sorry but it really still is n't because let 's say genji did get a winter skin ... would that then be good management ?
that he got a skin for every season so quickly ?
because him not getting a christmas skin is entirely seperate from his poor skin managment .
evidenced by the fact that with or without said skin genji would have still been poorly managed !
him or him not having the skin is n't an example of good management !
the fact he had so many so quickly is the example he or dmva or anyone not getting a seasonal specific is really tangential to the whole thing .
if god can have people live in the clouds then he can probably get some heating going .
regular scheduled appointments are cheaper than one time deep cleans .
i agree with the chappelle take but you sound real sensitive
there is no such thing as nuance on the internet !
we hate hmmwvs as much as you hate hummers .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
princesses of power is more believable in masterverse than origins
it 's not a dangerous road it 's just full of dangerous drivers .
i 've been in noma for years and went to scs .
there 's quite a few new apartments so hopefully you can find a good deal on rent .
i would n't mind a little less floatiness on the board yeah .
dashing is a good workaround most of the time but it does lead to head bonks on a few tilesets especially pre-bullet jump ones .
not a complete noob actually i have played games like aoe2 civ 2 and the old commanders games .
but what i hate about most games is the micromanagemenf needed you need to control soldiers individually by clicking on them one at a time limit
games not focusing solely on battle but also includes building bases
this is the 268490th time i made this shitty comment .
hello just got off work and feel like sparking a good conversation any takers ?
tell me about red flags and green flags in relationships ... .
what formulas have you found that work wonders for a fussy baby ?
my baby boy is 8 weeks today and crys excessively during the day .
he sleeps pretty ok at night but the daytime is just hell .
i 've been through every similac formula with no luck .
you can get nordstrom rack nike womens discount code https cutt.ly/vbh8pia by clicking the link .
on that page there are current promo codes coupons or deals etc .
i do n't have any more capital to deploy right now but i 'm always looking for more stocks i want to add to my portfolio .
i currently have 25 and here are 4 more that i would seriously like to add as soon as my finances allow .
many of you can probably relate i get a weird pleasure out of researching stocks talking about them and ultimately buying them .
and boy oh boy seeing that dividend come in is nice .
i feel like if i was a child with a lot of money i would buy dividend stocks !
and i like to live my life like a big child while still being responsible of course .
anyway since i ca n't afford to buy 'em right now i 'll settle for sharing about them .
this is not intended to be a comprehensive analysis of any of these .
consider it an introduction to some names you may not have heard of and an opportunity to go do further research .
for those of you who are already familiar with the names it could be a good opportunity for discussion .
this is the newest one on my list i just learned about it today after picking up some petrobras pbr also worth a look .
they 're a multinational steel manufacturer headquartered in brazil .
the 30th largest steel manufacturer in the world they 've been a business since 1901 and selling steel since 1948 .
free cash flow yield is nearly 30 and price to book is .97 .
the business has been expanding rapidly over the past decade with a cagr of 7.5 .
even so the stock has underperformed brazilian counterparts as well as the russell 3000 over the last 5 years .
i 'm not sure why mr. market is pricing in such a discount more research would be required but i imagine there 's emerging market risk as well as a predicted slowdown in steel on the horizon .
with such good numbers however gerdau may be well-positioned even in the face of a slowdown .
geopolitical conditions may also provide tailwinds as the west seeks to lessen dependence on china .
this is the corporation that owns burger king tim horton 's popeye 's and firehouse subs .
90 of revenues at the moment come from north america us and canada but international is a big growth area for them .
they currently have over 28,000 restaurants worldwide and are looking to grow to 40,000 .
expansion is not their only avenue of growth revenue however .
global same-store sales were up 9.1 as of last week 's earnings in part reflecting consumer trends as reflected in yum 's earnings .
bk international was up 10.3 in terms of same-store sales and things stabilized in the usa with bk same-store sales rising 4 .
bk gets a bad wrap in the usa but qsr has been undergoing a strategy to reinvigorate the business which seems to be at the very least leading to stabilization .
i personally live abroad and can attest to the fact that bk international is a popular business an observation that is reflected in the company 's numbers .
tim 's popeye 's and firehouse also represent interesting growth opportunities abroad .
one risk to be aware of is the debt level debt to ebidta is above 5 at the moment but interest coverage is strong at 3.9 .
the business also generates strong free cash flow which is a good sign .
the business is also well-protected from inflation risk as 57 of the mix is from rents and royalties collected from franchises .
finally the company has been paying a growing and reliable dividend since inception .
do note that at a pe of 22 and an ev ebidta of 15 i would prefer to get it a little cheaper in spite of the growth prospects .
this is a reit that owns skilled nursing facilities 75 and senior housing 25 across the us and the uk .
there 's lots of tailwinds in this industry as the percentage of the us population aged 65 in 2020 was 17 and is predicted to increase to 22 by 2040 .
this stock has been punished recently due to occupancy issues caused by the pandemic in fact 3 operators have failed to pay rent or to pay the full amount this last quarter but the damage is less than 10 of annualized contractual rent and interest revenue .
ohi is currently undergoing a portfolio restructuring and in spite of the underlying issues the last quarter seemed to indicate some stability affo per share of 0.76 remained unchanged from the previous quarter down from 0.85 in q3 of last year .
the dividend coverage is razor thin right now at just over 97 but last year that figure was 85 and the company is assuring that resumed lease paying as well as the restructuring process will ensure dividend safety going forward .
tailwinds to the industry in the long-term should also be taken into consideration despite short-term issues related to the pandemic .
vector group owns the fourth largest tobacco company in the usa after pm usa mo reynolds bti and itg imbby .
the company is focused on discount brands and has grown market share from just 1.2 in 1999 to a whopping 5.1 as of last quarter up from 4 in 2021 .
this is in part due to korean tobacco company kt+g exiting the us market but also due to consumers downtrading thanks to inflation .
it 's rare to see a tobacco company growing on volume rather than price/mix but vector group is doing it .
debt is an issue with this company with a debt to ebidta of over 5x but interest coverage is 3.9x and the company generates massive free cash flow with an addictive product .
management in the past has been questionable and the dividend was cut in 2020 due in part to the pandemic .
however the dividend looks much safer now with a 51 coverage for the year of 2021 .
the company has no next-generation products vapes heated tobacco etc .
but at least at present seems able to grow organically with traditional cigarettes .
i worry about this one decades down the line but for the time being i see it as a decent opportunity and even a different style of investment when compared to other tobacco companies like altria and bat .
at a pe ratio of just under 10 it is dirt cheap .
that 's all folks hope you liked it and looking forward to the discussion .
wanted to k ow if y'all k ow of any drinks that have flavor that can easily be out in a spout pouch and be shelf stable for 30 days .
i 'm guessing there is n't anything unless it 's water with something very plain ... .already ca n't figure out lemon tea as i 'm frustrated with figuring out the postasium sorbate or benzoate etc etc .
wondering if there is some non alcohol drink that can easily be preserves just for 39 days max .
did anyone else see a charge from ps direct for their ragnarok pre-order yesterday ?
i had a pending charge on my checking account but now it 's gone .
i was lucky enough to snag a jotnar edition so i 'm a bit nervous lol .
tspcmx presents betty wicked a touch of voodoo graphic novel with a special cover by ignacio noé !
1 of betty wicked with a host of extras material !
betty wicked a touch of voodoo graphic novel https preview.redd.it/52ykamei0cy91.jpg ? width=485 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=33a50e7aa6851f84f1216f89a35d777f9affaaf3
a few months ago i stumbled upon a catalogue of branded supplements which did a one page overview of things like dynamine affron oceanix etc .
all sorts of branded supplements looked like an aggregation of sales materials but had the same formatting by page .
hey all has anyone done an indian wedding in europe ?
we live in the uk and are looking to do an indian destination wedding abroad .
we 've checked portugal but that seems to be very expensive .
we were also considering turkey but have n't checked properly for there yet
i wont put you through all the math this time but here are some facts
at least one room that we know of is experiencing significant issues room 13 the ac wont turn off/thermostat broken leaking shower door will not lock wi-fi does n't work this is a larger issue that likely effects multiple rooms if not everyone .
the farhampton inn is a fictional place however the exterior shots were taken at a place called castle hill inn '' which is a b b that actually does weddings and is fairly popular in real life i could not find how many rooms exactly so i called them .
they have 33 rooms across the 3 different buildings/areas its a pretty nice place i think i might actually go there for vacation next year after all this .
anyways the takeaway here is that they have 33 rooms .
a bed and breakfast this size would typically employ one full time handyman who would do repair work groundskeeping and general maintenance around the entire property not only the rooms .
for a few reasons i assume that they actually do not have a maintenance person on staff
the fact that curtis front desk guy tells ted that i mean that literally because it would be my job to ... hose down the rocks '' .
talking about the idea of ted jumping from the top of the lighthouse .
now assuming the water did n't clean the rocks off naturally after the police took his body away this kind of thing would never fall to a front desk clerk at a large successful bed and breakfast in rhode island .
if it was left to any employee at all it would be a groundskeeper/handyman
barney is able to stop the elevator and climb onto it this should not be possible if things are secured and there are proper safety precautions in place .
the night clerk faught lily on the issues in her room .
aside from the fact that the inn was all booked up '' and there was nowhere else for her to be put there was also no money in the bank to have a repair person on staff and im guessing that none of the maintenance people that were called to fix issues would give any more credit to the farhampton inn meaning that all the day-rate or per-job companies in the area had already done work there and not been paid for it .
all of the above leads me to the assumption that the farhampton inn was on the verge of closing its doors after some nasty legal battles from creditors .
the fact that the inn is still around as is curtis years later when ted and his wife visit it tells me that the inn survived .
where are the best pubs to go to pre game to learn new team songs ?
out of all the character 's arcs i find syril 's to be the most intriguing .
at the start i thought a guy willing to break rules to pursue what he believed to be justice would end up siding with the rebellion once he realised how corrupt the empire was .
but no recent episodes show that he really believed in what the empire was doing more so than dedra even and lusted for power and recognition within the status quo .
this makes his arc depressing since in another world e.g .
where he did n't grow up with an overbearing mom was n't brainwashed he could have easily been one of the good guys .
as it is though i worry about his arc as there is no ending where he comes out on top it seems .
his fanatic beliefs in the empire and his version of justice '' makes a redemptive arc impossible .
there is almost no way he 'll side with andor in the last quarter of the season given how much he hates him .
but at the same time he does n't deserve to be sacrificed by the empire/dedra or to have an insignificant '' death e.g. just randomly shot dead in a firefight .
as it is the latter is improbable given how much time has been spent on developing him as a character .
how do you think a satisfying syril storyline will go ?
what do you think the main message syril 's arc is trying to send ?
my mom and i had a wedding dress incident and it 's been hell rebuilding the relationship since then a year ago-ish .
then last night at a post-halloween party my mom was drunk she 's not a heavy drinker just social and i was worried because she was driving so i a bartender having some experience cutting people off took her drink and exchanged it for water .
she knows this costume is something i seek comfort and sometimes sleep in due to sensory issues i 'm autistic and she just ..
i do n't have a relationship with my bio dad .
he abused me really badly and she did n't believe me growing up and we 've discussed it her i .
we have n't found much common ground in it but she still sees me as an angry teen when i 'm a full fledged adult who honestly can not trust her .
wish i had a parent i felt loved me though .
at the end ... .dose judith really think that bash is looking for rouge orc to eliminate ?
houston understood why orc hero is in human land but i believe those two are not in the same page understanding bashs mission !
i thought she got the idea when he asked her where to look for a new woman friend ?
but clearly i believe she is too dull to see this ?
so i just got a free spectra s2 with only 291 hours on it !
i 'm currently in the medela universe pump in style symphony on short term rental from insurance until february and i know very little about using a spectra pump .
i 'm 3 months pp and i bf 95 of the time mostly have been pumping to boost supply or to stash a little milk away .
since my cadillac of breast pumps will be leaving me after the holidays what should i know about using a spectra ?
as per subject i used to rock ogris bramma envoy .
after the big nerf i 'm looking to diversify a bit and the only alternative i can use endgame is probably the nataruk or arca plasmor .
i tried other single target or shotgun but unsuccessfully always needing some for of boost such as rhino 's roar or mirage 's buffs .
downvotes for asking for some source of 99 percent of cops are not vetted and are not high school graduates .
quick question can you and has anyone ever used the juice left over from a bottle of pickles gherkins or jalapeños instead of malt vinegar to cure their biltong before applying the spices ?
i have a large amount 3 pints of pickle juice left over after gherkins and jalapeños have been eaten and wondered if it would work curing my biltong .
you get hits of dill and subtle hints of the jalapeños from adding the jalapeño brine to the pickle brine .
after all the spices from the rub to have the sweetness from the brine is really enjoyable .
i will be doing this again when i have eaten enough pickles to have enough brine to use .
to me i think it 's underwhelming even though i like its flavor .
the other weapons saving for some really strong ones are generally equal to me each of them has it use even some of them not good to be wielded alone .
compare to shortbow it 's primary attack cost double and does n't get double average damage and could be dodged snapshot has the same penalty as power shot but do n't get the same damage .
suppression 's pretty neat for sure if it cost one ap less ...
it 's good to have a large aoe movement debuff but for 2 ap double entangle from a druid staff would be much better if i want this effect .
assassination 's a pretty strong skill for sure due to it 's the only x2 isolation ranged skill .
but so far it 's generally on par with snipe shot from longbows and has more requirement and is dodgable .
use it as a secondary weapon the move malus would make me think twice .
i have always been kind of interested in getting this game and it is on sale now on the playstation store .
my only hesitation comes from the fact that there is no cross play .
i would only be in realms with people on sony 's platform .
i guess i would just feel weird playing an mmo in an empty world .
'' the political left is technological society 's first line of defense against revolution .
in fact the left today serves as a kind of fire extinguisher that douses and quenches any nascent revolutionary movement .
if you think that racism sexism gay rights animal rights indigenous people 's rights and social justice in general are among the most important issues that the world currently faces then you are a leftist as i use that term .
if you do n't like this application of the world leftist then you are free to designate the people i 'm referring to by some other term .
but whatever you call them the people who extinguish revolutionary movements are the people who are drawn indiscriminately to causes racism sexism gay rights animal rights the environment poverty sweatshops neocolonialism ... it 's all the same to them .
these people constitute a subculture that has been labeled the adversary culture. 5 whenever a movement of resistance begins to emerge these leftists or whatever you choose to call them come swarming to it like flies to honey until they outnumber the original members of the movement take it over and turn it into just another leftist faction thereby emasculating it .
the history of earth first ! provides an elegant example of this process . ''
been reading technological slavery and thought this was an interesting take and i have to say i 'm inclined to agree .
just look at how socioeconomic status and wealth inequality has been taken over by woke types and recast as an idpol issue or what is happening to the environmentalist/climate activism movement .
'' a very important and influential segment of the modern left is oversocialized and that their oversocialization is of great importance in determining the direction of modern leftism .
leftists of the oversocialized type tend to be intellectuals or members of the upper-middle class .
notice that university intellectuals 3 constitute the most highly socialized segment of our society and also the most leftwing segment .
the leftist of the oversocialized type tries to get off his psychological leash and assert his autonomy by rebelling .
but usually he is not strong enough to rebel against the most basic values of society .
generally speaking the goals of today 's leftists are not in conflict with the accepted morality .
on the contrary the left takes an accepted moral principle adopts it as its own and then accuses mainstream society of violating that principle .
examples racial equality equality of the sexes helping poor people peace as opposed to war nonviolence generally freedom of expression kindness to animals .
more fundamentally the duty of the individual to serve society and the duty of society to take care of the individual .
all these have been deeply rooted values of our society or at least of its middle and upper classes 4 for a long time .
these values are explicitly or implicitly expressed or presupposed in most of the material presented to us by the mainstream communications media and the educational system .
leftists especially those of the oversocialized type usually do not rebel against these principles but justify their hostility to society by claiming with some degree of truth that society is not living up to these principles . ''
in essence the argument is that the system exploits our impulses to rebel against it and this is manifested in the idpol-focused/woke left .
as a result of the indignities that the system or what most of you probably equate with capitalist society inflicts on us and the intolerable conditions it produces there is widespread frustration and dissatisfaction which naturally leads to rebellious impulses .
but through sleight of hand the system then turns rebellion to its own advantage .
for many people they feel frustrated but are overwhelmed by these feeling and unaware of the exact roots of their own frustration and so their rebellion is directionless .
they know that they want to rebel but they do n't know what they want to rebel against .
and so the system fills their need by providing them with a list of standard grievances in the name of which to rebel racism homophobia sexism colonialism transphobia etc and in doing so redirects the threat of rebellion away from itself .
and so you have scores of people doing the system 's work for it whilst imagining that they are in fact rebelling against it .
sorry for the long post but thought this was an interesting theory that i have n't really seen be touched on before and so that it might make for a good discussion .
are you looking for an inflatable mattress online https shopystore.com.au/camping-gear/inflatable-mattress-camping for your next amazing camping trip ?
we have great deals on self inflate air mattress https shopystore.com.au/camping-gear/inflatable-mattress-camping and camp inflatable mattress .
i 'm a freshmen student in my mid-20 's already have a pilot metro .
despite the whole ipad thing taking over the learning experience i still write a lot with my pen .
i want to upgrade a bit from my pilot just to add a little bit of interest to my dull writing experience 🤣 .
considering my status what would you recommend from the listed pens in the title ?
i found the cd offered for around 50 the lamy for about the same and the platinum for a 100 all usd .
i feel that the pelikan looks great and is well made but maybe a bit too extra for my studies haha both price and looks .
the cd seems to be a bit too basic and a tad childish but it might be well-suited because of it !
plus you get the cd posh even if it is the most basic fountain pen they offer .
the lamy seems to sit in the middle perfectly and maybe is the best option for my needs but it looks a bit meh '' to me visualy at least .
the reviews say that all three perform well so maybe your knowledge will tell me something i do n't know yet ...
if you read it all through do you have a recommendation for a nice dark-deep-green reasonably priced ink ?
tw for attempted suicide as evidenced by the title .
last night my friends convinced me to get my mom to take me to the er after an attempted overdose .
i was hospitalized it was too late to give me charcoal so i was just given something to try and save my liver .
the pain in my head and stomach were so awful as well as the constant dizziness and the strange smell .
i have did too and i 'm an alter way more aware of what 's up and way more active in getting help .
i 'm here to tell you it is n't worth it .
i 've hit a dead end in life and my only options right now are death or suffering and i get it .
i know how you feel because i am there .
i 've been struggling for seven years but regardless of how long or little you 've been struggling you are valid .
the nurses and the doctors that will work to save your life if given the chance do .
i 've gotten a lot of shit from the medical field lately it 's been drama after drama and uncaring psychiatrist and psychologist after another .
some are n't sympathetic and some do n't care but god the ones that do really do care .
it is n't worth the pain the vomiting and endless confusion .
dying is not worth the blood you may spill or the noose you may use .
it 's not worth the pain that comes from those options .
and this wont reach everyone it wont make anyone magically feel better but even one person can read this and change their mind then i 'll be happy .
dying is n't worth it it hurts and it 's messy and sometimes it feels like the only option .
maybe it 's the only option right now but there will be better things in the future .
if you do n't have the energy to wait for that anymore i understand and you are n't a monster or a coward .
by me by nurses and doctors and therapists who do care .
dying is n't worth it but you are worth it .
i wo n't have my phone once i 'm moved to the ward but once i 'm out if anyone needs or wants to talk i 'm here .
that 's not friendly fire as they 're not in the military nor fighting a war .
there 's no freak out this is actual fucking death and someone bleeding out .
it 's hard for gold already i 'm stuck at the 3kills without dying
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=discreetfun234 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i think maybe you are very lucky this happened now and you can still get an annulment .
i wish they were n't but that 's what i got 😂
radahn was one of the easiest bosses in my experience .
mohg on the other hand handed my ass to me for 6 hours straight
i just started really posting on there a couple weeks ago .
i even emailed a gift links to all my followers and no bites .
england just sucks so and that here that 's actually decent .
things here cost twice as much as anywhere else but we make half as much .
i 'm on 106.0.3 and this still happens to me .
although my browser freezes completely indefinitely so it may be an unrelated issue .
just simple fix tool in fusion 360 then double checked to reduce vericies in maya but i think that was actually unnecessary .
fusion 360 is a free fully professional and easy to learn .
the rioters as i mention riot because when they voted no changes occured .
or candidates who are capable of any change are nitpicked and rejected .
the rigidity of any system coupled with major greivances from a large portion of the population lead to riots .
law enforcement has been killing for years the casualties they suffer now are nothing in comparison to those they have inflicted on the masses .
this is generally true in all nations but in iran it is to extremes .
these people who are voicing their opinion are asking to literally be free from harassment and policing of their personal choices .
by continually supressing them you will not achieve anything .
protesting peacefully wo n't work as the ballot box has not so people become desperate .
it is up to the establishment to give them changes they need .
my main point here is if the roles were reveres and a secular force were pulling off hejabs you would be on the other side right now .
but you are okay so you do n't care .
yes i am on newiran as well as various other iranian subs so what ?
i am here to see why you back such a brutal movement and honestly try to understand your end game .
continuing this path is a net loss for the ir while just letting people have basic freedoms will benefit them so much more .
syria and lebanon have no mandatory hejab and they are axis of resistance if iran did the same many youth who are less religous would rally around their leaders against imperialist forces .
hejab rulings and this current path are unsustainable illogical and will ultimately lead nowhere but to harm and ruin for iran .
the people of iran want an iran where people can just choose to wear a hejab or not .
if by amy chance a revlotuon occured thats their goal from my understanding .
i think that is a goal able to be achiebed with a few rulings today .
i just cant see why you would be so steadfast in enforcing something like this at such a huge cost .
the enforcement has killed multiple of our children in recent weeks this is not the right path .
there was a lot more than that here in smith county tx .
this is n't an area where voter apathy is the issue the issue is that virtually everyone from this area is a conservative and votes conservative .
there 's a reason gohmert won with like 75 of the vote in his last election and it was n't because he 's a good rep .
to be clear i am not saying people should n't go out and vote just that some areas are red and will be red no matter what .
both currently have the potential to be anonymous platforms if you so choose .
why would you support a lack of anonymity in one but not the other ?
your type sounds fine except for the ahole part .
also your 22 so probably a lot of immaturity going on as well .
my suggestion is date a lot with guys that catch your interest and state what you prefer in a partner early .
it 's going to be trial and error for you .
although the intrusive thoughts seem to pop in on their own and make some dire predictions .
i got some fun stuff to show you kids !
they should do it the alestorm way and rather make versions of their songs in dog language .
hey this sub is supposed to be making fun of enlightened centrism not endorsing it
maybe he 's started learning some occult knowledge while trapped in the entity
the opening of specter is def one of the best in the series
commissions available i give discount buying 3 characters sfw/nsfw .
i do some fetish too but not so many so feel free to ask me !
the first half is fine but your reference to the uvalde police department seems to come out of nowhere and does n't really do anything to support your case .
i mean it was a horrible and tragic event and the shooter was definitely mentally ill .
the cops were cowards but i do n't think they were mentally ill. that 's passing the buck from police reform to mental illness almost exactly the same thing you rallied against one sentence earlier .
line sounds like someone doing a mocking impersonation of a gun reform advocate .
then you polish it off with there is no escaping this truth .
which i 'm pretty sure you took from the homeless crazy guy that screams about the end of the world near city hall .
🤣sounds good to me man and i 'll stick with what i know about glock specs aswell
that 's like team oriented calls what you 're describing .
if you 're playing with all 5 solos and you say 'lets default ' it 's just a base line of attack .
watching for flanks and to see any aggression/gather info .
what op is saying about planting default is also right just applied to a different setting .
the hilarious thing we still have some old grey ones work better then half the blues
did he demonstrate by beating your mama or your sister ?
people get mad when they see rich people go unpunished but a lack of social or legal enforcement for shitty anti-social behavior is pretty endemic across the income spectrum .
just go look at police clearance rates for crimes in low-income areas .
plenty of carjackers and low-level criminals are operating with near impunity these days .
lots of people acting shitty without consequences from the person harassing passengers on a bus all the way up to former presidents .
it 's just a bad time over all for anyone who care about social norms and decency .
it 's not new it 's the return of group loot .
you could just not tune in as so many profess to do .
king edward/deer lodge i got 53 but then had to close up before 7pm cause i only had bought 1 box and severely underestimated the amout the children i just moved here 😅 .
someone i know a few streets over got over 300 .
reminds me of cassian telling nemik the empire does n't think about him i do n't think it thinks of syril or any other cog in its machine either .
i can see him dying in quite a throw away or frustrating tragic way at the hands of the empire or his own fixation on ‘justice ' .
jake it 's just getting kinda late and if you 're in a car during sun-down you 'd be an easy target
if you feel as though it would be safer somewhere else thats perfectly fine just should get there soon
be sure to stop by our discord https discord.gg/cantek9zey .
if you 're underage your post will be removed .
if you 're really young and looking for a daddy bye bye .
if you 're an of seller only and just here looking for money we 'll remove that too .
we 're building a community not a shopping mall .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bimarriedmen if you have any questions or concerns .
my best friend who studied in neu was almost raped by drunk bem students .
i should have added how would you want your mom to be treated ?
there was a quote from a rap i heard went something like lotta dudes use arms cause they ai n't got hands .
i mean a thirty minute string of audio dribble to decipher ?
you 're definitely in between a rock and a hard place .
if i were in the same situation i would consider just letting her do things her way .
it 'll be the hardest thing you 've ever done speaking from experience but if there 's an option for summer school or grade remediation it 's probably worth it to let her fail and experience those consequences .
i 'd also hire a tutor or academic coach for her if one is available at a reasonable cost and see if she needs help in planning and organization .
what really sucks is that high school is higher stakes than it used to be .
there 's a lot expected from kids to the point where parents myself included get really involved in organizing for them .
a little help can go a long way but helping too much can create anxiety and prohibit them from developing those skills themselves .
odd that they ca n't keep their info straight .
god i wish we had these in america ... that 's so cool
looks like it 's trying to fill the max stack performance daily trainer role .
i guess it 's asic 's take on a faster fresh foam more .
she can have her lawyer draw up an agreement then you are welcome to have your own lawyer review and revise it .
it 's odd that her lawyer would want to meet with you without your own representation .
have y'all discussed anything to do with division of assets or custody ?
we did our agreement without lawyers and saved thousands .
it 's possible but only if you 're both on the same page not a common thing i 'm finding .
my dad always told me the only way to hold your wife/gf 's purse when she hands it to you is outstretched like a dead cat .
unfortunately wisdom that went to waste since i ca n't stop sucking dick .
is it okay if i use this as my phone background ?
it reminds me that not everybody is mindless office drone .
yeah how exactly did robyn pay for anything without a job ?
we now require all posts to use one of the following tags for your titles
feel free to repost this with the proper tags in the title .
if you are a female and wish to verify to stand out from the spammers see here !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indianapolis_gonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't imagine that anyone wants to sell him .
in order to encourage discussion we require posts to be at least 300 characters not words long .
that 's 50-60 words or about five to six decent sentences .
for scale this quote from rule 2 is exactly 300 characters
r/adhd exists so that we can help one another .
to that end that means low-effort posts experience reports memes shouting into the void etc .
posts must be at least 300 characters not words .
please either repost with a body that 's at least this long or post in the monthly short post thread https www.reddit.com/r/adhd/search ? q=flair 3a 22megathread 3a+short+posts 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=week .
do not type nonsense just to meet the word limit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adhd if you have any questions or concerns .
but i 'm not being specific the nigerians '' is being specific i 'm just trying to address nigerians in general
and « des » does n't always mean some ''
which is why i do n't have a link to the study btw i read it in physical form at university when my nokia 3310 was the height of tech and internet usage was still patchy .
tbh i only remember the conclusion 20 odd years removed !
but when ppl like him actively try and make young insecure authors kill themselves ... ..making an account and never commenting if you find the rules too restrictive is a very small price to pay imo .
plenty of room to eat at the global ticketing industry buffet .
get would n't need to necessarily beat or even come remotely close to matching tm 's share to be a wild success .
whole team did n't show up in the 3rd quarter .
what pisses me off is that the offensive drought got amplified when they completely stopped moving the ball .
that has happened too many times the past few years .
not true every time i laugh at something cory says i gobble down a throat full'a toilet chocolates .
it 's not going to stop because i said so . ''
if you have control of your house because i said so '' will absolutely stop sneaking in girlfriends at night .
i use to be jsut like you now i just make a batch of wine every 5 weeks .
close enough to grim hex to get with any ship .
total drama island ngl they all goated but the others are jus harder
well he did n't have his phone number or a phone but he did go to kamuro looking for people he knew but besides that lady who used to be an alcoholic and a guy he went to school with nobody knew or remembered him .
and all the places he could look for people he knew were abandoned or remodeled .
i 'm not trying to get you to ignore me i 'm trying to have a conversation .
are you trying to tell me you are a fascist ?
i 'm saying that emotions or feelings if you prefer have a measurable effect .
things that are not real such as pink unicorns do not .
if you are looking for players to do heists or need help with jobs or selling in-game goods please use r/heistteams r/gtaheistcrews gtalfh https gtalfh.com or join our discord server discord.gg/heistteams .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gtaonline if you have any questions or concerns .
the seeds were 42 200 but the peers were only 1 10 welp looks like i did n't pay attention to the peers
i tried another torrent with 53 1030 peers and it 's stable now ty
how about you just you know instead of crying .
as said it 's an opinion i have but i 'm not going to take hours off of work for a stupid reason .
even in the uk its the same police like 3/4 pounce on 1 and all screaming orders .
the difference is us police kill thousands of police per year while uk police ... do n't .
oh okay i realized it 's gon na take me a minute to get the mechanics down packed 😭😭
szörnyű szerintem hogy már azért is magyarázkodnia kell az embernek hogy mennyire gyászol .
erre nincs egy skála hogy na neked meghalt a férjed akkor muszáj x ideig és így meg úgy gyászolni .
valaki sosem jár temetőbe attól még nem rossz ember .
french is one of the most similar languages to english competing with dutch
english is not a proper germanic language but rather a hybrid germanic-latin .
if a man did this to a woman everyone would rightfully scream rape '' .
that ones medium sized i 'd say by my standards .
alum might help never really worked for me but debacterol prescription and oral medic ebay are the only ones that stop the pain instantly
if it was actually satire sure but these people fucking mean it .
your submission found at https www.reddit.com/r/cocbaselayouts/comments/yla0k2/this_is_my_first_ever_self_build_layout_please was automatically removed from r/cocbaselayouts because it does not include one of the required tags in its title .
posts should be formatted with the tag included in the title as follows
you can see a list of allowed tags here https reddit.com/r/cocbaselayouts/wiki/index .
for general clash of clans discussions please visit our sister subreddit r/clashofclans r/cocbaselayouts is solely dedicated to the discussion and sharing of clash of clans base layouts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cocbaselayouts if you have any questions or concerns .
how long did it take you to do this 😂😂😂😂
yes the ukrainian army is assembled into a fist that 's about to ram up their asses .
i use an aluminum hdd enclosure usb 3.0 for my external hdd .
i do n't know about this dish but are those bunch of small fishes ?
i got annoyed when i watched her talk to him like that .
that still does n't make her a bad person .
she has her own ways and i feel like she 's trying to be more a mom to him than a wife .
they both seem awesome but for someone else not for each other .
karma and reincarnation are their means of justifying extreme wealth inequality .
today we use meritocracy and the american dream to justify extreme wealth inequality .
they 're both pretty-well spoken by every billionaire and the dozens of media outlets who report on their every utterance .
'work hard and you might be a billionaire too !
be free from the swordsmen shackles please mihawk and shanks luffy and kaido
well you really should n't be bagging fries before food but that 's a separate issue .
because they need the parking more than the bike lane
once when teddy made bucket brew and once when bob was watching the chef training videos with morts account .
linda tried the burgers on the st. patty 's day episode and her mouth turned green
i know this is an old post but i just wanted to say that i also agree that aryas story could be easily tweaked to become a good trans representation .
she was the character i identified with the most for a long time especially her not fitting into traditional gender roles .
when she becomes a faceless man and learns to become someone else it could 've been her way to become who she felt she was all along .
the replies on this saddened me because no one even wanted to think about it in a hypothetical sense .
open mindedness seems to be a scarce good after all .
they were always natural allies as they are both tools of oppression .
as the eldest sibling of seven but being childless i 've always had a thought about this kind of punishment .
and that is how would you think that you should 've been punished for what that child is doing or has done ?
what do you think would 've been best for you and would 've made you work through your issues the easiest and actually made you think about what you did .
granted there were times i went at my siblings trying to play the part as an adult that i wish i had this mindset .
but i think hurting someone just makes them think about how much they 've been hurt not about what they 've done .
upwards of 25 though i 'd say phone sex wise .
bill gates is largely responsible for the circumcision of black men in africa and the resurgence of sexually transmitted diseases there
you ca n't make a good xenoblade if their is n't a hiden message about lgbtq somewhere in the game
i 'm in a similar position we settled on the house thai restaurant on st stephens roundabout .
food is top notch but it 's not too crowded .
wireless and bluetooth dongles 1000 will not work in any way shape or form .
c0 and then hopefully it wo n't take too much after that to get c6 faruzan .
you 're the only human i would ever trust to help me differentiate between human and non-human .
wow ive been wondering how to do this for past 2 days .
as somebody with a chemical addiction to diet coke i apologize for nothing .
this is so one sided i might pick pendragon put of spite lol
i do n't think you have a good grasp on english best of luck to you .
if you buy a meal plan it 's 9 bucks on a per meal basis which for a technically unlimited food thing is n't that bad even if the food is mostly mediocre
i 'm trying my luck in more ways than one .
i 'm trying it in this giveaway and by making my og ps4 go through the gauntlet once again and probably for the last time ragnarok is the last console exclusive i 'm planning on playing ... ending with a banger .
i thought she did a pseudo masters like program .
like training or something or she is doing her masters program
but i 'm a grower foreplay still matters though for her and for him .
trenger bare ty til ssb statistikk jeg så går folk helt bananas 🤗
21 but i graduated when i was 17 and am a license cosmologist
is this the cats movie everyone keeps telling me to watch ?
i guess to your point i 'm usually throwing the f7 at 70 power or less .
i believe africa is responsible for around 40 of the world 's population growth and their overall population is expected to grow by over 1 billion people by 2050 .
until that and other underlying issues are resolved is the idea italy just take as many people as can make it there ?
it 's interesting that liberals are quick to label italy fascist and inhumane while not recognizing italy has nothing to do with the underlying issues or even suggesting what needs to be done to resolve the problems leading to the immigration .
if you went to urgency care instead of emergency it would have been at least 500 cheaper
she 's only saying it because she does n't want to be insensitive to sierra she 's lost two 👼👼 but proceeds to shove ttc and everything else in sierras face because she told she would need to attempt ttc in under a year per his doctors
either way you 're delusional as hell thats a fact .
the guy on the last lowe post going for whatever reason other players do n't respond well to gobert when he tries to be a leader '' made me chuckle .
1st just from a human side ex gf is very conflicted about sex and even if she really loves you you do n't want a non-sexual relationship .
so you 'd basically be an asshole for having sex with someone you do n't want to marry who is having true mental anguish over having sex .
2 you do n't really want to get back together with her but rather a version of her that 's cool with pre-marital sex .
so you 'd be using her for hot re-bound sex knowing she wants to get back together making you an asshole .
3 she using sex the thing giving her mental anguish to get you back .
she 's a hypocrite to the highest level and is completely untrustworthy .
she lying to you god and her pastor and is making the 2 mortal men suffer with her pastor ca n't save her soul w/o convincing you to stop corrupting it and you ca n't give her mental peace without marrying her because she obviously does n't want a sexless relationship otherwise she 'd be wooing you back with apologies and requests to start over non-sexually .
4 she dragged her pastor into this betrayed every secret you have with her .
that 's going to be a pattern with her where she believes this pastor has the divine right to know your intimate secrets !
that 's not the way it is with all religions !
but her religion puts her relationship with her pastor above yours !
if you cared about each other you 'd both be pursuing a sexless relationship you would be hurting her to sleep with her again and she 's showing extreme signs of being a manipulative nut job by wooing you with sex .
i set up mine with masto.host and it 's fine so far .
started at the lowest level gradually updated it to the 19/mo level without a hitch .
the thing i 'm worried about is media storage .
i get 100gb but we 've already used 1.2gb and we 've only been going for a few days .
not sure what happens when we run out as the next level up only adds another 100gb .
i 'm so sorry but your wife is a transphobe and you 're not being too sensitive at all .
i 've had a few bids '' end up similarly except where they cancel with no explanation likely not getting the bids they were hoping for .
apparently starting with a higher starting bid was too hard for them and pissing me off was simpler than honouring the deal .
parabéns ao palmeiras que já tem série b o título mais difícil do brasil nunca ninguém ganhou duas seguidas .
i do n't think a lot of data engineers or data analysts will be laid off .
data scientists research engineers and ml engineers are more likely imho .
wearing more than the uk average salary on your wrist means you are rich in relative terms .
this post feels related to another post i saw recently .
wonder of it the other sisters point of view .
just do n't pick samira or save your ult for their point and clicks to be used .
u can take cleanse and save last stack of passive for w in case of champs like naut/tf u still can ult for 1,5s .
do n't forget u can also cleanse drowsy so u wo n't fall asleep .
oh and u can windwall urgot r2 not the missile but the chains so u can save your ally too .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pickonepornstar if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/schoolgirlsxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
no matter the followup or clarified sarcasm saying no i do n't want to do my job and help you '' in front of students does n't seem appropriate to me .
do n't think this should turn into a huge deal though .
apologize dial back on the sarcasm in front of students and move forward .
if you do n't know what we 're talking about then why comment and get upset that we did n't explain the joke to you ?
my cat bumble 5f only the last few months has become extremely cuddly and sweet .
she was found as a kitten sadly past the time of socialization .
so she has always been apprehensive toward people petting her .
my rule was always to give her three strokes and nothing more .
she would get overwhelmed by touch very easily and give you a warning hiss when she was ready for you to stop .
she 's extremely playful just do n't touch her lol .
i had to move out of my house due to divorce a little over a year back and had to leave her because i was living in a place that already had animals .
my ex was never a fan of her but was nice enough to look after her until i found my own place .
i found one eight months later and after a couple weeks of adjustment she became the cuddliest cat ever .
i had never heard her pur before and assumed she just did n't have that mechanism .
boy was i surprised when i woke up one morning to her loafing right next to my head motor running at full capacity .
i wfh now and she will every couple of hours demand i lay down on my bed so she can jump on my chest and get non stop pets and snuggles .
they mature and if you 're patient and respect their boundaries can open up .
on non affiliate channels twitch has pre roll ads its like the default mode and maybe there will be ads playing automatically without like the streamer doing it
bruh how the hell did u break one we make these carts im the lab and joke around about how they squish into a donut under too much pressure but never break .
woah woah you 're thinking too deep man zing !
i have n't watched her but will go look ! !
the blood of innocent people is on their hands .
they 're lucky this is the worst they 're getting .
when i was active duty one of the nco‘s i was talking to one time that had been in the first gulf war said during a conversation about sabot rounds ‟you should see what they do to a camel. i did nt know how to respond .
but it 's not really a queen sacrifice if the other player sees it he would take the knight instead and you 'll take his queen with yours .
so in the end you win a queen and you have a pretty good position but not a mate
why do you say roseville is good for beginners ?
i know how to operate the trains decently enough but that 's about it .
still learning signals parts of the ui dispatching/ai trains etc .
so i 'd say i fall into the new player '' category
am does more damage than lr when you consider forge enhancments .
why do you think am is only good in farming ?
i 'm hopeful that really smart science can wiggle us out of things like climate change .
also vladimir putin is old as shit so hopefully he dies soon and the war in ukraine ends .
mom i am a leader be proud of me .
are your cousin and his wife ok with your having people over ?
if not i 'd move home and save up money for a downpayment on my own place .
i 've not used kadence but looking at the sample page on their website https kadence.com/sample-page https kadence.com/sample-page
i have built a very simple page at https speedyrobot.co https speedyrobot.co in breakdance .
do you want to build the same page in kadence and then compare source code ?
let 's say we refuse we get culled and the reapers wipe the galaxy clean over the next few centuries like they did the protheans .
maybe they look for the leviathans a bit more diligently this time .
the reapers wipe out the keepers and create a new race to maintain the citadel .
the old plan of reactivating the citadel goes back into effect .
a reaper is pointed to monitor the cycle more closely for signs of meddling .
they learn that the citadel their seat of government is a trap they learn that there 's a race of machine starships who reappear every 50,000 years to kill all spacefaring civilisations and that a united galaxy failed to prevent their extinction even with forewarning .
there 's also the crucible a superweapon which they 'll be told was passed down from every previous cycle but we could n't make it work .
if they do what our races should 've done unite and coordinate a response start preparing early manufacturing the crucible all over again and building more fleets then the reaper watching their cycle sees this realises they 've been exposed and starts the cycle early .
remember we had a golden opportunity in between killing sovereign and the reaper invasion .
the only forces they had in the galaxy were the collectors .
if the races of the next cycle behaved abnormally and it was obvious they 'd be forewarned the reapers would just intervene early .
the next cycle might be over even quicker than ours .
then 100,000 years after us the 2nd cycle to follow will be left with nothing .
its not the perfect ending but completely destroying the reapers means they can never threaten anyone ever again .
by doing so the deaths of all the previous cycles and all the losses of the reaper invasion in ours will have worked towards freeing the galaxy and every race that will come after us forever .
they wo n't have to worry about the incredibly powerful race of ancient machines and galactic evolution will be free to develop for the first time since the leviathans took power .
when your mum wo n't let you and your mates smoke weed in the house .
yo it depends on what you mean by that .
in most cases jailing a parent for that is something i 'd probably be against .
if you have any specific cases in mind that would make it easier to discuss just because i can probably come up with a scenario where i could be for it .
e.g. if a parent called their son a pussy woman '' every day which would then lead to the son committing suicide i could see a case for jailing there .
at 5 beers my inhabitions go and the real fun starts .
the last time i had 5 beers i was the center of attention in a small orgy .
my husband is there to make sure nothing bad happens to me and i get home safe he does n't drink .
just do n't let me have a 6th beer or i start getting emotional .
i would suggest a conversation with her while she is sober .
my rules to my husband have been established in advance and he will enforce them if needed .
in your steps you are n't drying at the right time .
cord comes out then air dry the heck out of it .
pvs is hydrophobic and if you have any blood or saliva get on your prep before the light body goes on you are sunk .
u should have soya they are as good as chicken protein have some extra dal also protein helps with hair/skin too try 1.2-1.5g your weight in kgs everyday for 3 months .
you will see the results in your skin hair and overall mood as well .
for eg if u weigh 50 kgs have around 60 gms protein everyday .
strafe speeds arent nearly as fast as in older cods
no see a lot of the far right is still okay doing those things the rules they want other people to follow do n't apply to them .
their racism in their mind can have exceptions for their friend .
they continue to think they 're the good guy even after they did something horrible i mean abortion is fine but i get what you mean and will keep on doing that thing because they do n't see it as all that bad .
there 's a story of a nazi killing children who convinced himself that it must be good for the german people '' psychologists at the time tried to figure if he and people like him who did horrific things were insane '' but he was n't .
i do n't think josh reynolds plays this week and even if he does he 's not 100 .
raymond has been putting up decent points these last couple weeks regardless .
now as the 2 wr in a game against the packers where the lions will have to score points i think he 's a solid wr3/flex .
in return yard leagues he gives you added points there as well .
the equivalent of reclaiming the word queer would be reclaiming the word tr*nny .
if anyone wants to do that i 'm not stopping them .
the word transsexual '' was the medical establishment 's term for those of us found acceptable to cishet society .
pro wrestling term where a wrestler gets hit with a move and does n't react or 'sell ' the move by pretending to be hurt
to download the video you can use the following site
add this video download facility to your subreddit https downvids.businesstipz.com/code.html copy the automoderator script here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/schoolgirlsxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
at folk fryser ihjel da de enten ikke har råd til å varme opp eller at det blir rasjonering og de ikke har mulighet til det .
dette igjen vil nok også føre til opptøyer og de medfører ofte dødsfall .
til og med i norge forventer dsb dødsfall dersom det blir rasjonering av strøm .
og sannsynligheten for rasjonering av strøm eller gass er betydelig mye høyere i tyskland enn i norge .
height complexion and a certain sharpness to her face .
shes suited for the modeling industry but well money talks and she ca n't so yep actress .
your high scores board looks like every one of my games kids do n't stand a chance lol
would be kinda weird if you ca n't adjust those for career mode why only in quickplay 🤔
i used my canadian phone number on us amex app .
how can i add the card to apple pay ?
that makes sense but there is no direct proof of that it 's more of an interpretation of why it sometimes improves .
the reverse reasoning is that a pruned model just has less capacity than an un-pruned one .
with or without a cartoon character none of them were taken particularly seriously .
i think you 'll be lucky to get a gram and not all bacci .
grab a pack of cones if you ca n't roll and a gram yourself for a tenner .
you 'll get served eventually hell i got served at 14 at a shop that id 's me now for grinders and kings and i 'm still very young
i also had bakelite spiker lower handguard years ago but sold it ... . apparently way to cheap lol
holy shit this makes me want to try something like that ... . no need to wear gloves cover the teeth lol
if you 're seeing that as anything more than a rich black your monitor is lying to you .
ideally 2010 or newer model with less than 90k miles on clock .
what to look out for before purchasing this type of car ?
found this 2011 reg 2.0 i-vtec in an es trim that seem to checks all the boxes https www.autotrader.co.uk/car-details/202210150747480
i 'm a mobile app tester and need your help .
in the company where i work we make native mobile apps so i want to check how much they use data battery .
i wanted a camera with a good zoom so i could take pictures of slow moving wildlife .
i bought the p900 less than two years ago .
like many maybe most amazon shoppers i did n't look to see if it was an amazon marketplace seller or amazon proper .
less than two years later it 's developed a fault .
i sent it to nikon to pay for the fee-based repair .
they are refusing to repair it because they claim it 's a gray market '' model .
it was sold on amazon by a marketplace seller who is based in nj .
it is a legit nikon camera but it was originally meant for sale in the middle east and someone unbeknownst to me improperly imported it into the us .
would n't nikon 's goals of presumably locking in their distributor network/market be better served by going after their rogue overseas distributors rather than punishing end-user consumers ?
i feel like i 'm being punished for something that i could n't have reasonably expected .
i found article from a week ago about the november drop but i ca n't find anything on the prime gaming page .
does anyone know if they removed it or stopped doing them ?
the new guard leaks have shown that yarrick has been removed from the guard codex which has lead to many presuming he is dead .
as he was seen fighting in the current war for armageddon i believe he may have been killed .
with this i think ghaz will be a tad bit pissed of with angron so a waaagh !
the king currently writing what to say in regards in his little notebook
but did you save a crazy amount of money ?
it 's identical to the figeater beetle grubs i used to get when i had a peach tree in southern california .
they 'd come up every time we 'd get a heavy rain .
now the tree 's gone i have n't seen any in a few years .
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's a really good/disturbing podcast series about parasocial exploitation of kids and how it stemmed from reality tv .
they remove the names of the influencers they discuss so as not to push traffic to them .
sign of the times in my opinion was his best album .
two albums at that and there were only two songs to make the charts ... sign of the times and u got the look .
highly underrated unappreciated when compared to the 2 albums both in front of and behind this one .
forever in my life the cross hot thing starfish and coffee play in the sunshine if i was your girlfriend i could never take the place of your man ... all were amazing pieces of work yet none of them were chart toppers .
we have the perfect marriage and this little statement makes him consider a divorce ?
if a draft is needed yes not doing so is a violation of the equal protection clause
bud you literally do n't have to remeber it 's a social queue .
if you see someone hand you something with two hands just grab it with two hands and go about your day
about a year ago someone here came up with the term half-tracks '' .
this refers to people who disavow the authoritarian communist states but still end up carrying water for them rhetorically through their edgy anti-western sneering or if put in charge of a country would turn it into an authoritarian dictatorship not on purpose but by refusing to actually do what 's necessary to keep it democratic .
oh no i hate stalin but ... . soviet propaganda ''
some cases dont have horizontal clearance for any wires jutting from the mobo 's side .
this is very true on itx builds on the small sff cases that are so crammed that you literally have very little room to do proper cable management .
also him being somewhere between closed eyes and a dream and a coma and some anesthesia is just a reference to him being in limbo .
he 's able to perceive these things happening around him but can barely interact with his surroundings .
it 's not firearms training it 's persistence training .
if the price for an item seems really unreasonable just walk away .
tip if you want to/can afford to but you 're absolutely not obliged to just because you 're a tourist .
i 've been trying to ignore them but they kept following us calling our name some of them even grab my hands .
to that point it was just kinda getting too much on my end .
i 'm an older millennial and it hit me the same way .
even at the height of the actual civil war that flag did n't come close to the white house .
the symbolism and the casual way he carried it in made me so angry that i teared up .
yup i 'd clap if i saw some thing so stylish as well
there 's two non-mutually exclusive exhaustions mental and physical .
is it that you have a very productive day then the next you just crash ?
is it a mentally stressful week that wears you down ?
have you seen a doctor to ensure there is n't something biological happening ?
the top comment on this post as of now is rest and i think that does count as a form of care .
but to your point there can be a sense of guilt from taking that rest especially when we live in such an up-and-go society .
kind of giving my own non-answer here but there 's two paths determining the root of your exhaustion and start taking those baby steps to remedy it or practicing a bit of self-love allowing yourself to take that rest with no regrets on wasting a day allowing yourself to recover .
i do write my elected officials about universal basic income the need for affordable housing the ridiculousness of not having paid sick leave for everyone and a four day workweek among other topics .
i hope the listen to me and you get to benefit sooner rather than later .
i also vote for people who want this kind of thing .
no one is taking advantage of my good nature .
it 's studied that a housing first approach is the best way to reduce homelessness we 've found so far .
we have to take care of everyone not just those who work hard '' or who are the right kind of down on their luck or whose disabilities are more socially acceptable or who have the right skin colour or whose addictions do n't lower properly property values .
and then we know not to speak to that person until they take their haldol
thanks for submitting https youtu.be/uwqphquw1qk to the r/jacksucksatlife subreddit !
you can join our discord server here https discord.gg/dzpurqm .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jacksucksatlife if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to give a minimum of 4-5 even for super short orders under 1 mile away .
after seeing every single dasher stack up what looks like 5 orders at once i lowered that to 1.50 minimum .
started getting my food after an hour instead of 20 minutes .
always cold why would they deserve a 5 tip for such terrible service ?
but it makes sense i 'd be doing that too to make more money
lee enfield has fastest rof out of all of recon 's bolt-actions .
it 's also got a large magazine good for aggressive sniping .
that was one of the scariest moments in the ufc that was n't a ko .
it 's the moment we all realised that francis is evolving into a monster no one thought we 'd see
lmao i got a post deleted and reported for bullying '' in this sub for saying that i could n't stand aemond 's habsburg chin .
yet you managed to divert away from the fact your team are just as bad in that department .
i feel the same way but not about my mother .
that 's why i try to avoid interactions with said person until i can get away from this shet hole of a country .
it 's not effective but it 's the best i can do .
yep viciously dragged back by multiple fatphobic groups that forced thier way in its actually insane seeing thin people try to push against fat bodies acceptance because they feel shamed that way and isnt body positivity for everyone ?
i do n't see anything suspicious i have 2 suggestions
item '' is not needed std string is empty by its default constructor
getitem could return a const std string to avoid allocation .
py es muy seguro he hablado con muchos extranjeros trotamundos que viajaron por todo sudamerica todos coinciden en qué py es muy muy tranquilo comparado con otros países e incluso los asaltos robos motochorros etc son relativamente poco violentos .
es decir si te asaltan o algo así tenés gran posibilidad de que solo te lleven el celular o algo así pero no recibas maltrato físico innecesario .
off screen waali baate to kisi ko nhi pata n
school choice is what every republican and conservative needs to be fighting for right now .
if we do n't break public school indoctrination now it 's over for conservatives winning elections .
i 'm gon na be crying about her soon .
i tried transfering from delaware to texas this month .
transfer was accepted but i have to wait until january to start at the new location .
my site started offering yardage/td milestone bets and i 'm apparently i 'm addicted to betting on big round numbers .
more books in the full dark no stars category possibly intertwined all with no supernatural
a couple of his full length novels fit in somewhat such as misery and dolores claiborne and the novella apt pupil
i 've read that with gan-generated images to focus on details like nonsensical backgrounds hats that are n't actually hats when you look at them hair strands sticking out in unusual ways .
with op 's images if anything the above items are too perfectly consistent especially the hair strands .
the biggest detail glitch i noticed is the patch text in the astronaut photo .
well i think tessa lila and eloisa 's can depend on either being serious or more historical altho i think there 's less action in them .
sarah 's are a bit more heavy on the action considering some of the characters are part of secret societies .
well kev did throw a lot of grenades in vents
how is me saying rapists are a result of being taught/raised to express violence offensive to you in slightest ?
there are tons of subs related to onlyfans but this sub is specifically for fansly models .
you are welcome to post your fan.sly link if you have one .
however since the industry is moving away from onlyfans please do not post it here out of respect for the models only on one platform .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fanslycollegesluts if you have any questions or concerns .
damn i live in washington dc i 'd be willing to drive up to ct for this dr. kuiper if he 's amazing as you say !
i know it 'd never happen but i 'd love to see an open world batman game in the vein of gta .
this would require a company like rockstar games getting the license and i just ca n't see tptb taking such a risk .
a mature game with that kind of mechanics and storytelling would be right up my alley .
singed skyrockets to win rates not seen since kassadins 90 ban rate phase .
and they acted as if the person asking had the audacity to even ask it or that it 's totally out of left field .
some of that really stringy transparent glue and then just mix it with blood of the blood god and use a brush og smalle stick or whatevs to string it around the model .
also use a brush that you intent on only using for that since the glue will damage it .
but yeah thats it its hard as fuck to control and im still learning how to apply it the best way myself
please reply and comment and upvote this and i will do the same ...
well now that there 's a reddit thread where we guessed it bet he 'll be reassigned to museum usher or groundskeeping .
let 's keep an eye and see where they put him !
robert evans just did an episode of behind the bastards on this and pointed at that zoning reform is typically just a cash grab for developers .
they 'll tear down single family homes put in luxury apartments/condos and make millions .
the rental market is being pushed higher and higher by what is essentially price fixing software that determines rental prices software that is currently used to price roughly 19 million rental units across the country and which also drives up the price of every other rental to match .
you also have many people buying rentals to turn them into short-term rentals airbnbs and the like which reduces the availability of long-term rental properties .
not that it 's relevant because it 's the principle that matters but in many cases disabled spots are larger to accomodate chairs/mobility problems .
i will say then that the diversity conversation surrounding xvi did n't explode until the yoshi p interview .
it was acknowledged by some and i even saw the topic come up before yoshi p 's interview but it definitely ballooned after it .
i 'd say that 's the difference between xv and xvi .
i think it 's his reasoning that rubbed people the wrong way and is why there is debate .
ok he brought deadly weapons and left em in the hotel but he did have a pocket knife .
oz is anti-gun a dual citizen all the baggage .
but would barnett have won against fetterman in pennsylvania home to over 1100 mules ?
pa was stolen from trump in 2020 by doubling biden 's votes post-election day .
then they doubled down on the mail-ins in 2022 .
there 's no logical reason fetterman could have won no matter the opponent .
president biden 's policies and the inflation reduction act are starting to have the desired outcomes .
probably a big reason why he was rewarded with a strong mid-term election performance .
i remember pushing miguel gutierrez to play more games at lb and all i heard was he 's good at going forward but shit defensively even though he was n't unplayable on defense now i 'm hearing the opposite with mendy .
these people ca n't make up their mind which is more important .
skita ner i den takten planeten klarar av att hantera utsläppen .
vi är långt därifrån på global basis och i sverige även om det sakta rör sig dit och det kräver att vi tar oss närmare nollan .
they want anyone who does n't worship trump to die .
rational voters and people who actually understand what a democracy is and actually function .
doubled down on crazy and then got crushed at the ballot box .
if ya want to attach your sails to deranged .
do n't bitch when its gets yeeted into proverbial sun by the general electorate voters .
every maga i know is bitter at their lives .
in the last three presidential elections i voted but left the president line blank .
it let me have a local impact without having to endorse any of the most awful motherfuckers on the ballot .
frozen is propoganda because it depicts a woman being successful without the help of a man .
feminists are nice to muslims because of unconcious wish for brutal male domination .
can not conceptualize why a woman would wear make-up other than sexual signaling .
a women who wears make up at work is being somewhat hypocritical if she complains after being sexually harassed .
i have to turn off 90 of who i am when women are around . ''
he wishes women would control each other better because he 's not allowed to hit women .
is it possible that young women are so outraged because they are craving infant contact in a society that makes that very difficult ?
women who do n't consider having a child as their primary desire by age 30 are not quite right in the way that they 're constituted '' .
one of the greatest american writers of all time .
i 'm looking for a set of numbers which decimal representation is a sequence finite or infinite of digits to the left of the decimal point which terminates at the decimal point .
clearly these would include the integers which would just be the ones with finite digits but also other numbers which would be infinite digits .
can u people fucking shut the fuck up already ?
its an extra options for the ones who dont have it smartass.. no one is hitting u to do it this is basically a miracle to cure the incurable
is it thanks to anthony burch that kratos and mimir act like a gay couple raising a son ?
i never considered myself fat and i was n't until my mom started to mention it .
my mom is a size 2/4 and i was an 8 so she definitely considered me fat .
do you know what people do when you tell them they are fat or that their body is n't good enough or that someone 's body is better ?
while they are interviewing the applicant the applicant is actually also interviewing them .
he 's a career 36 3 point shooter dude like what 😭
bruh this ladys elitism when it comes to traveling .
assuming that people who do n't have priority 'dont travel often ' .
i 've traveled on planes all my life and have never done priority boarding because it 's a waste of money .
you guys have such a hard job as is !
this song hits me to my very core every time i hear it .
literally the first time i heard it i almost came to tears cause of how hard it hit me .
take my own life just to save yours have done this in too many instances and whew posty i love you .
he already did ... but the drone says it is locked flyaway and that i 've got to contact dji ...
but i hoped there 's another way i could unlock it
they do have that 90s fuck you old man vib .
i ended up just deleting one of the large ones completing the quest and then re-building it .
hopefully someday in the future we can put rewards directly into boxes !
that game despite even worse graphics could n't hold 60 fps on the ps5 .
there are also some with integrated leds for edge-lighting the acrylic .
i 've been only seeing teams that have each separate team having over 1 mil in power .
i simply have given up bc i 'm still on a low tier
that 's probably thought all the moaning came from her .
i have tried so hard but could not resist testosterone coming into my brain .
and just because a day off a week works for her does n't mean everyone needs it !
not sure you have been watching masks tweet between spreading lies shifty with his bit coin comments .
honestly unil i see hard data which i could not find on a goggle search i will take it as not true .
i not saying you as a person are lieing but musk is not being honest .
i would recommend doing some more exploring and getting more essence
i 've been sparing with unit skill upgrades at the moment .
only ones i upgraded so far was emp and nox all the while relying on a team of nox zoya labyrinth hecate ariel and emp for most of the content .
i 'm not on broken frontlines endgame yet though so that might change .
if there 's any truth to any of that then shame on the doctors for clearing him to play in the first place .
how does the princeton analysis determine estimated vote shares ?
i like realistic assessments but yeah in this case i think you 're being a bit of a downer .
there are a lot of questions i have about the princeton analysis you shared such as how it estimates vote shares per district .
if it 's just using the 2020 results then i 'm a bit skeptical especially since this election cycle has shown that there are a bunch of split ticket voters .
i did try to tailor my cv and cover letter for the first 10 or so applications i submitted but they just rejected me or never responded so i started to mass apply .
most of the jobs have pretty similar requirements anyway so i just used the same cv and changed the company name in the cover letter
the internet is making me feel so fucking old today
indeed she is definitely a gold digger with how expensive a date with her is .
i get self conscious of my own feet when i hear about super sexy feet .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
here 's the latest vendor reset information for the division 2 .
here 's the web page link for all the items available in the game .
it 's my personal website and i do n't run any kind of ads .
i added a resources section with a map with 30 locations to find the snitch and a link to the datamined gear attribute sheet .
cassie is a gunrunner vendor that moves location every couple of days .
to find her you need to talk to jared the snitch '' nash in one of the locations i have listed on my map .
his location is random but it usually takes 2 or 3 location visits for him to spawn .
after you talk to him he will give you a bounty and cassie will appear on your map with a shopping cart icon .
you can do the bounty or save it for later it 's not necessary to browse cassie 's inventory .
she will open for 24 hours and will close to relocate for 32 hours .
besides her random stock cassie will always sell two named items the shield splinterer assault rifle and the hunter-killer chest .
in order to see these two items you need to have opened the ivory chest at the white house and the off-white chest at haven .
you get keys for these chest by killing the hunters in dc and nyc .
a couple of members of the division community discord made a site that shows all the in game timers in your local time zone .
it also has the open and close timers for cassie so you can use it to check if she 's open or not before you go find the snitch .
the link for the current weekly thread and the vendor items list is always available in the vendor reset page https www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/wiki/thedivision2/communityresources/vendors in the community resources .
you can find it in the top navigation menu of the subreddit .
if you 're on mobile it will be on the sidebar .
some of the guys and girls in the vendors team are trying to keep the division 1 vendor resets alive .
the sheet will be automatically updated when they are done even if they have n't posted their weekly thread .
i will add an edit with the link to their weekly thread when they are ready .
these reset happen on friday nights at 7pm est .
the resets are brought to you by a dedicated team of fellow agents from this subreddit and the division community discord https discord.gg/thedivision .
u/insecurity_exe and other volunteer agents who have been constantly helping .
thanks to u/bestnadethrower for starting the sheet we are using for the division 2 .
stay tuned for the best deals of the year and see what else we have in store for you !
• bugfixes related to the new super manager tutorial system and the underwater continent 🐞
my question is more related to the immigrants this group might have .
i was raised in greece from 3-18 years old then i moved to my home country albania '' for my bachelor 's degree 3 years then i got a scholarship in s.korea 3 intership work 4 so in total of 10 years i have n't lived in greece .
my whole family is in greece legally and all but i am the only one that has not yet had a resident permit .
i did get the blue certificate which is for a year and today while i was checking my permit status said it was denied i want to note that i have provided all documents that justify my absent from greece so i am a bit worried as to what is my next move .
of course i did contact my lawyer but i would love to hear from others who had a similar situation .
i bought a shop with a tiny home built in the back it sits on 1 acre .
about 1/3 of the property is my gravel driveway and shop/home the other 2/3rds in the back was a pasture for the last 50 years .
in the pasture there are some small trees and lots of blackberry bushes trying to swallow them up with blackberries growing along most of my fence lines as well .
my driveway is mostly flat with a steep exit just as you reach the road .
i 'm looking for a machine that can attach a brush hog as well as a snow blower .
i have narrowed it down to a bcs two-wheeled tractor or a dr field and brush mower .
both have the heavy brush cutter snd snow blower attachments .
my questions about these machines for anyone who has used them
1 which would be more suitable for extended use like for commercial applications ?
i have a trailer and would be interested in clearing brush and snow on other peoples properties as well .
2 is a bcs tractor with their 150 weight kit heavy enough to dig a hook or claw device into the ground to tear up roots ?
i do n't see any kind of attachment like this for the drfbm but the bcs has a couple farming plow attachments that look like they could be modified to work on roots .
3 both of the machines look easy enough to work on and find parts for ?
i have a riding mower and wood chipper i keep in working condition so i think the maintenance will be similar .
i made it with a fresh gmail added authenticator and everything .
fast forward about a week and i ended up breaking my phone at work so i had to get a new one .
im unable to remember the password for the gmail and am currently in the process of trying to recover it but i may be unable as i dont have a number or back email linked to it .
so im unable to remove authenticator due to not being able to access that email .
i decided its probably best to just recover the account as its only ever been logged in on my pc and my old phone .
now the account is locked and i was just curious if that was normal .
ugh ... currently 28 weeks with my 2nd pregnancy and took the gd test yesterday .
results back today indicated pretty high therefore i failed my gd test and will have to monitor again .
disappointed since i passed my first test at 18 weeks .
last pregnancy i had gd and was able to manage it all through diet only and i know i 'm capable of doing it again but damn i 'm just disappointed and not looking forward to having to continuously monitor my bsl .
just went to the registry got a custom plate for my car .
they said it will take 8-10 weeks for it to come in but online i 've read that some people got theirs in 4-5 weeks ?
if anyone has gotten a custom plate or has any idea on how long it takes ... . please let me know .
scarlet arrow is a casual raiding guild with hopes of aotc !
welcoming to all skill levels and those just coming back or just starting out in the game and want the experience of fun endgame content .
even though we 're a smaller guild usually we 're on most nights of the week !
we also enjoy pushing m and a little pvp .
any questions you can dm me on here or my discord !
i do n't understand something it may just be based on local location and such but why when you open the leader board people are learning different languages than you ?
i understand if you have two or more ex .
french and spanish they put both languages on said leaderboard it should encourage making friends on the app and friendly competition .
not being discouraged because when you check the people on the top are doing an easier language .
it 's not helpful especially if you thrive from competition to keep going .
this summer we started a discord server that now has a good number of quality members .
the server is primarily based on rosicrucian orders such as builders of the adytum a.m.o.r.c .
and the like but it also hosts thematic channels related to other currents associated with occultism mysticism and esotericism .
if you feel it might be an interesting place to share your ideas with others on the path of spirituality we would love for you to come and offer your input .
this is the invitation link https discord.gg/5zewp4aurf to join the channel .
watched relics '' last night the one where the tng crew finds scotty trapped in a transporter buffer for 75 years .
i ca n't tell you how many times i 've watched this episode but something i never noticed was that when scotty find out the crew is from the enterprise he says something like i should have known jim kirk would have gotten the old ship out of mothballs to come for me . ''
however ... at this point in his life scotty would have already witnessed kirk 's death '' as shown in generations .
of course the tng episode aired far before generations .
so i guess the generations writers screwed up by including scotty for kirk 's death '' when it was already established cannon that he did n't know kirk had died .
did they ever try and correct this discrepancy later canonically or non-canonically ?
a senior disciple from a countryside martial academy returns as the world 's best !
dragged into a brutal political war senior disciple ‘hyeok musang ' did n't return after the bloody war ended .
no one knew whether he was still alive for 5 years .
upon barely returning to his hometown he found his dragon tiger martial academy being persecuted and destroyed by a third-rate gang .
he thought he could li ... read world 's greatest senior disciple chapter 6 mangapuma .
i am trying to train myself to be able to function while trying all these things .
i quit weed for many reasons they could just be boiled down to im addicted and not healthy enough to maintain this habit .
i love it so much but i ca n't moderate .
i 've tried for 7 years to moderate i need to be honest with myself i failed .
its okay though that failure taught me many things .
it definitely changes the way my brain thinks about intimacy and reduces chances of getting and maintaining a healthy relationship .
social cleanse aka leaving a very toxic friend group which took me basically 2 years to leave .
but i finally did it and it 's just gon na be hard find ways to fight the loneliness but its better im by myself than with people who are bad for me .
i will not allow myself to spend time with people not worth my time anymore
social media cleanse because that shit is the equivalent of a parasite that sucks out your personality and individuality and ability to free think for yourself .
people nowadays ca n't even come up with ideas on their own i realized half of the younger people 's entire vocabulary nowadays is memes or funny words/phrases they heard on tiktok .
jim is self explanatory good for me my body and my mental .
and more calories because i suck at eating lol .
this part is really hard right now because i just stopped smoking .
so i 'm new to modding skyrim se and have so far managed to get everything working fine .
for some reason however i seem to be struggling to get animations to load properly .
i have fnis i have loaded it all and get no errors or warnings returned .
i really have no idea what the issue is as i have made sure all the mod requirements are met and everything is up to date .
might explain why none of them were in the music video
i found that research on reddit like this works best for me if i say something silly someone will jump on it and comment real quick but that 's why i like it so much they spend their time teaching me without even realizing
i truly believe 1v1s between any of these guys would go like aokiji v akainu .
99.9 evenly matched with slight edge comming at the end of a very long battle
the bowling side takes wickets from the batting side .
it 's not their fault it 's the parents ' .
i 'm going to stop the cycle of hating on the younger generation after all it does n't even do any good
the uap issue is very very low on the congressional totem pole .
compared to other issues facing our country and the world it does n't move the needle .
it 's important to you and many of us but you need to study geopolitics and the priorities of governments .
the phenomenon does not pose an existential threat russia does .
anomalies have been recorded through art word and media for tens of thousands of earth years and we are still here .
not knowing how to address it is code for we 're not touching this shit for liability reasons ''
i am also an er doc i have a 15yr old son who absolutely has done very similar things to his mother 's household .
i hate his mother attorney she her husband have called the medical board my jobs etc ... and i know you get this because of the professional ramifications .
a 15-year-old can not under any circumstances run your household .
i ca n't play map 3 but i could play map 4 .
frustrating but i do n't love sleeping beauty enough to spend gems on gold box emojis
edit oh map 4 is winter aurora yeah no i ca n't play that .
lol my bad but seriously these emojis look too similar
so excited i ca n't for all the merch i bought this year lol
i spoke to them on the phone and they gave me the presale and said it was opening at 12 .
i 'm pretty sure they opened it up about 10 minutes early .
i had tickets and put in info only to say code was invalid .
people even said that my voice does n't match my face .
nta going into a bedroom and shutting a door ?
i knew him in grade school and high school .
it 'd be crazy if he 's involved somehow .
in fact i do n't even think that 's cannon !
was that not just a meme or some cool fan art ?
yep you normal summon a rock monster they ash you you smile and pass because you opened 5 normal summons
so when the baby is to the point where it 's viable outside of the womb it 's still not autonomous to you and can be terminated for any reason ?
why do n't we give people the bodily autonomy to take their own lives at any moment should they choose to do so ?
do you see it as a moment of weakness where the government must intervene to save a life because things will get better in the future ?
yeah her fans think they 'll be her some day and they would n't want to be forced to say anything about ticketmaster if they were her
beers can be stored in ice rolls for extra usage
would n't take the last word if it was free .
šteta doduše posto je to najbolji sf koji sam do sad pročitao .
if you ever get a chance to drink some unhomogenized milk from these cows holy shit its delicious !
i 'm gon na admit i mask for convenience .
people are n't as rude to me when i 'm masked and i want to look good and ‘mature '
now masking is n't easy at all and takes a lot of patience to do but i do n't have people judge me as much .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
my 20f parents have been divorced for about 6 years .
me and my sister 12f live with my mum and stay at my dad 's every other weekend .
they split up in good terms but my dad was at fault .
he lives in this tiny old apartment in the center of town it 's expensive and not worth its price .
me and my mother had told him several times to find a place less expansive even if it means moving away from the city center and his excuse was always i know but now it 's not a good time . ''
my dad struggled the whole time in keeping his expenses in check he owns a ton of money to my mum in terms of child support and other stuff he 's subscribed to a ton of services he does n't need buy expensive food and clothing ect .
keep in mind that both my mum and dad do pretty low-paying jobs .
two years ago just when i got my driver license his car stopped working .
he brought it to a mechanic and the car is still there .
when we ask about it his answer is there 's a piece that needs to be replaced but the shipping it 's taking long '' .
so i have been driving there with my car and my gas .
last year his heating broke '' he never told us if it really was broken or if they just cut him off and it stayed broken for like five months .
my mum offered financial help but he did n't want it and my grandparents his parents were deaf and blind to the issue .
me and my sister luckily did n't go much in that period pandemic and such .
so three months ago they cut his light off .
and i said to him that we would n't spend the weekend there if he did n't have electricity and felt terrible .
he then told me that he payed the bills and that there was a name mix-up .
this was a week ago he still has n't told me the light is back .
i know that he is trying his best but i 'm not going to let my sister stay in a place with no lights or heating it 's electrical .
he sounds heartbroken and i do n't know if i 'm being overdramatic .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
frankly i 'd prefer it if the next witcher game did away with most loot '' entirely and instead upped contract payments so that jobs are where the majority of the protagonist 's coin comes from .
handling the in game encomy like any other fantasy rpg where it 's assumed you 'll take everything that is n't bolted down and amass a fortune that way always felt a bit inappropriate for this ip .
sorry i 've no idea what was being said but great run touch and cool finish
i 'd rather get 0 mouth moving or mouth moving with some gibberish ... now it just feels.. void 😆
imo the beer gulping scene does n't work with fit valentine
downstairs tenants are known to be avid redditors hopes that the people see it and just start parking farther up .
seriously though probably to see how others might respond to the same problem in the same city and community while remaining as anonny-mouse on reddit as they can
you have to consider they bought the thing when it was high
so they would use the fifo method and sell their stock before selling new ones with the cheaper price
so they would n't turn a lose on a sale
do n't know what to do or scared of a downturn ?
can only communicate with morse code blinking from paralysis ?
so many people and institutions are utterly fucked if it ever crashes .
it 's the too big to fail stock at this point .
to be honest it was a late evening question with my cat on my lap .
like all cats he considers himself the center of the universe so his first observation was that it should be more properly named cat 's schrodinger experiment '' .
but it brought up the question if from the point of view of the cat he is uncertain about the state of the universe outside his box until the box is opened .
now the situation is asymmetrical because the radioactive source is inside the box so the cat is only too aware of what happens .
so from the point of view of the cat the external state is predictable .
if there was no radioactive decay he 'll see and ignore a scientist who sees a cat with nine lives left .
if there was decay he 'll see a scientist who sees a cat with only eight lives left .
taking a shot at answering my own question i do n't think the universe outside the box is in superposition as fare as the cat is concerned .
i 'm not sure if there 's a way of modifying the experimental setup so both parties are uncertain of the others state depending on a single quantum event .
but he would like to point out that cats are inherently unpredictable a serious flaw in the design of the experiment and after all these years the physics community should consider redesigning the experiment with a more suitable subject e.g .
they will sell you the worst quality furniture and most of the times when delivered it 's the wrong type of furniture they 'll damage your house while moving it in and when you call customer service to return it they will do everything in their power to not give you your money back but give you store credit and that 's if they ever answer the phone at all
even a big business would think twice before spending 10,000 on a name .
i 'm in maybe one pay range above you and my efc from the net price calculator for princeton was about 20k the first year bc my sisters in college at the same time and 52k the next 3. high but still the lowest price for me at any ivy or small selective school
youve just contradicted yourself you said that you specifified ladies to keep a male demographic in mind and then say that you actually dont care about gender roles and call everyone everything '' if thats true then theres still no point to say ladies you dont want to forget cis people but completely excluded trans people instead
sometimes u can absent mindedly hold your breath when you 're straining and this can make you feel lightheaded and neaseous as well .
it tells you what other companies value so you can steer your career towards that .
do n't put all your eggs into one basket hoping your current employer will hand you a promotion you may find yourself waiting a long time maybe forever .
it 's also possible that you do n't deserve a promotion and interviewing at other companies can reveal what it is that you lack so that you can work on it and then get the promotion .
one thing you can do now is getting into the mindset of owning outcomes for the team .
few will get in your way if you take charge of a work stream it develops useful experience and gets you on radars as a candidate for taking charge .
im on mobile someone do this man a solid and throw up some of the sites like inara and eddb .
if i recall we did it with a zip lock bag and a cup .
you put the water in the cup put the cup in the bag and then leave it in the sun .
the water evaporates out of the cup leaving the salt behind and then condensates in the bag .
it might be good enough for a cup of water but you 're right it 's not really efficient enough to do it on a massive scale ... the cost of transporting it alone ... yeeesh .
we ca n't even use it for our plumbing because it 'll fuck up our pipes .
maybe one day we 'll get it figured out .
there 's no reason why a kid should die much less from malnutrition/tainted water source .
i had the same problem but with family ties by baby keem and kendrick lamar great song tho but i usually keep shuffle off
for what its worth my friend just got a tracking number for this.though i wo n't believe these decks even exist until i see them in person .
or maybe it 's because 80 of reddit are 13-18 years old .
that 's why they 're going to have to rush lb6 before anniversary and anime expo next july .
i almost shure that is something to do with the proximity sensor .
i also have an other weird behavior of the screen turning off when i approach my finger in order to type something thru the keyboard .
i have to approach my hand from the side in order to avoid the screen from switching off .
so i think that some proximity sensor is in the origin of my screen and phone calls problems
do not repost this without contacting the mods for approval including edited versions .
reposting without explicit approval will result in a ban .
this post violates rule 7 there is no interpersonal conflict here for our community to make a judgment about .
please ensure you have reviewed this message in full .
we will not respond to pms to individual mods .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole with any questions .
a person who is opposed to vaccination typically a parent who does not wish to vaccinate their child .
play bass play pool play snooker play with my kids games on my phone or do work around the house while listening to podcasts .
edit ngl it took me 5 times to finally see it .
girl you are absolutely right it truly is that easy .
but the struggle is in the mental part and people just do n't change that easy .
for those who need a bit of a push tho this is perfect short summary
all i read about sw/sh was hate and i still enjoyed them .
he kinda just announced he 's running for president .
after inciting a riot that almost killed his veep .
like we 'd love to not pay attention to him .
but some people do pay attention to him and they do crazy things .
hello 25 bbc you told me to send pics via live chat i ca n't send you an chat can you open one for us ?
i do n't really like the primal one but to each their own .
we all already agreed that i would pay for training before we got him but the dog has no fault .
it 's just my mom that has a problem with him
i seriously hope that your husband will gain full custody of your unborn child once it 's born and y'all have separated .
your daughter will harm the baby if you allow her to stay .
same here on the chocolate i am a chocolaholic and it 's supposed to be good for you .
and dark chocolate is a worse trigger than regular chocolate .
i messed up the other day really bad when i eat five pieces of bacon and a couple of waffles for breakfast and had a ham and cheese sandwich for lunch .
sometimes you just have to learn new triggers the hard way i guess .
but geez just about everything having some nitrates or msg in it .
yeah if you do n't have a use for them just trade em .
it 's about people who tend to humblebrag they are pretty common in online spaces for women .
this is also why i 'm sure a woman made this picture it is definitely someone who spends a lot of time in such spaces and the typical female insecurities described here are on point not some made-up incel shit
which is nice but not really the same as a new game .
wait you actually think the mystery in game and world building in elden ring is a bad thing ?
if not what are the bad things '' about the game people are supporting that you claim ?
california probably felt emboldened by having the most valuable car company on earth in its borders bringing them all that money but they reeeee 'd tesla out of state and into texas .
i would n't be surprised if they start passing laws punishing tesla specifically as pettiness seems to be a party line character trait .
ny idk i think it 's a lost cause .
their openly racist politicians either represent the voters of that state or the people of ny do n't have legal representation at all and neither is outlook is good .
growing up i think i had a dysfunctional relationship with my parents that lead me to be very insecure .
well feed and always given the latest video games and clothes .
there was a huge effort to do a lot for me and my brother .
in other aspects my mom would have melt downs and tell me how i 'm a awful child who is n't making her awful marriages worth it .
i am not living up to her standards and therefore it makes her hate her marriages even more .
she did stuff like ask if we should leave my step dad .
to this day if i brought it up i feel she would victimize herself and gas light me .
i have accepted she 's not capable of accountability and still have a relationship with her .
this crushed my self esteem and caused me to do awful in school .
i felt subhuman for years and as a result could not convince myself i was intelligent .
i created elevated narcissistic traits to cope and protect myself .
i now understand how toxic all this was and since addressing it have had a thirst for knowledge .
i do n't date if i 'm not working at my paid job i 'm learning and working at a start up company .
math is easier to understand my memory is better i have been picking up skills like chess and coding .
i question if this is the more sincere me when not a product of my mom raising me .
i 'm getting to the point we 're if school was n't so expensive i would get my masters in some kind of stem because i enjoy learning so much .
since addressing my childhood i do n't drink that much or have an urge to indulge in hedonism .
has anybody seen smith live be it with the fearless flyers brittany howard or solo ?
looking to re-home our beloved 9-year old common goldfish named pascal to a nice pond or large aquarium .
he 's currently confined to a 20 gallon long and while we are happy to do the twice daily water changes to keep his water parameters good it 's clearly
not a good quality of life for him to be in such a small space with no tank mates .
if you have a suitable home for him please reach out .
thank you so much for your guys ' feedback on the first attempt https www.reddit.com/r/pubtips/comments/yqvu7a/qcrit_ya_scififantasy_the_collective_97000_words ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3 of my query letter !
i 've tried to trim the fat and boil my query down to its core which hopefully shows in the version below .
i 'm sure this 2nd attempt will not be my final draft so please let me know all your thoughts and do n't hold back .
seventeen-year-old connor knows this as well as he knows the peels of his sunburnt skin .
it 's up to him to navigate america 's crumbling remains to lead his precious brother and their companions to the survivor 's colony the collective .
that 's fine—he does n't need mars and he certainly does n't need the help of earth 's untrustworthy survivors .
afraid his twig-thin brother wo n't make it to the collective still three thousand miles away connor swipes a piece of tech to sell at a nearby trading post .
but his plans burst into flames when raiders pillage the outpost targeting connor 's tech—a small onyx cube .
he and his brother flee into the wasteland with the raiders on their heels screaming vows to kill them and take the cube for themselves .
deep in the bowels of the desert the grief-stricken brothers meet an ai robot that claims the cube may be the key to restoring civilization on earth .
hopeful at the prospect of creating a safer life for his brother connor 's determined to reach the collective and use its high-grade technology to decrypt the cube—before the raiders catch them and employ the tech to realize their own selfish dreams .
but the boys are lost battered and starving and connor fears they 'll never reach the collective or learn the cube 's secrets without forging alliances with fellow survivors .
placing his trust in others may lead them into traps betrayal and other dangers but it 's also connor 's only shot at rebuilding a life with his brother and possibly civilization itself .
how does the aliexpress supplier know they ordered from me ?
i asked them if they could remove the chinese writing on the package so the customers do n't feels scammed .
there is a small glitch or delay in the leg swing when passing .
i 've experienced this a few times have you guys experienced too ?
finally i 'm preparing my weather app and i stumbled across some errors that i do n't know how to fix regarding timestamps 😬
i do n't have friends that code and with my lvl of knowledge reading stackoverflow brings more confusion than answers 🤣
i texted on our slack that i 'm looking for some programming buddies but i feel like no one checks that 😆
what are you hoping to get as a gift or do you just have recommendations on what others can get for barre clients on their gift giving list ?
i have pb sticky socks as a start for what i 'm hoping for .
does mojang consider r/minecraftsuggestions or the feedback website for new ideas or is it pointless/for mod ideas ?
earlier this year i had my switch stolen from me .
all of my save data for animal crossing was lost which means my lovely dewberry is no more .
while my old island is gone i still am able to start a new one !
it 's called tombstone and despite it 's arizonan name i plan to have entirely cedar trees !
does anyone have some cedar saplings they could spare ?
i 'm happy to pay in hells and cherries !
on the apple support website it gives step by stead instructions on how to do this from a usb .
please note i have the worst problems with technology and just a regular user that knows next to nothing really about ios software im trying to have a 32 bit ios to run when ever i want and support.apple.com/en-gb/ht201372 explains it .
this is the page steam gave me to play my older games since apple stopped supporting anything that runs on that .
when i load up the terminal and do the steps it tells me command not found .
i 've tried searching and it only gives me this with windows computer and not ios .
nothing seems to have this come up where it ca n't be found .
i 'm so lost was running through the woods as a freshie for a while with only a compass for orientation .
not sure my exact spawn point but seemed pretty far west .
i popped out at a location i ca n't find on izurvive it 's a bunch of yellow medical tents right by an airstrip about 8 tents total .
i 'm only like a week into the game and absolutely loving it any help would be fantastic !
i 'm 2 months post op and i have a bump on my bridge .
when i 'm taping it dissapears it 's kinda soft .
my surgeon told me that it wount go away and that i need a filler in my nose .
it 's kinda soft when i 'm touching it and when i push it it 's dissapearing .
i 'm agains nose fillers and i done my revision because i did n't want a filler .
whenever i 'm in a dungeon and i want to go solve some puzzles and press the back arrow tha game either crashes or it resets to the home screen .
when i get back to the dungeon it has lost most of the progression done so far .
it 's not going to be a good year for hoops fellas .
oh well go enjoy some food family and football .
so when piggy hunt first released did n't minitoon or someone associated with it say that it would come to moble in october 2022 on the app store for free ?
i could n't find it and it 's now december .
is it canceled was this a hoax ir is it just delayed ?
tenerife villa holidays https www.tenerifevillasonline.co.uk tenerife the largest of the canary islands has a hot climate and a diverse variety of attractions making it an ideal all year-round visit .
tenerife is known for having some of the world 's most stunning beaches with golden sand and turquoise waters that have long exceeded even the most extravagant fantasies .
holidays at tenerife villas with pools are a fantastic choice for any season for a fun family trip a vibrant group holiday or a tranquil winter break for two.planning a tenerife getaway ?
experience a stay in our villas to rent in tenerife for a holiday of your dreams .
♥️ i 'm not old enough to drink but i 'm obsessed with trying everything i see on porn 🥰 i love older men girls bi guys and boys my own age .
i lost my virginity 4 months ago and since then i 've had mmf threesomes had my 1st anal and my 1st facial 💦💦💦 now i wan na get gang banged peg guys and try everything that 's fun and kinky ... hope you come follow my life ! !
i tend to distrohop on linux and even having my home folder on another partition and not reformatting it i come back to a clean install of brave browser everytime .
is there a way for me to backup the entire app folder or data so that i dont have to input back my sync code everytime ?
it is restoring all my crypto wallets over and over again .
i want to discuss your opinion people regarding what you think grenadiers the generic unit should be because as you may know is an unit that most of times do n't even see action on the field .
so get wild i do n't really mind radical ideas because i think that is what makes aoe iii so unique but do try to have some balance in my mind when doing so .
my personal idea would be to make all regular grenadiers like soldados with a regular musket attack and an occasional grenade attack but with the addition of a little snare effect similar to melee attacks .
that way like their real counter parts they would be field in small numbers to supports regular musketeers with the rest of the stats barely being below two muskeeter so no insane range resistance but maybe they can keep their area damage melee as another feature to make them a good front unit .
alternative the grenade attack instead of the snare mechanic or on top of it could have an mutiplier vs light infantry .
so grenadiers can become an hard counter to pure skirmishers armies with no front units but at the same time suffer if such unit exist .
making position and manuever with euro civs have another piece in the counter mechanics .
i would like light cav recive a dedicated bonus against these guys but considering things like other units with the grenadiers tag i better finish here .
i 'm looking to start streaming mobile games i tried to set up lightstream yesterday but all it did was show a black screen and i could n't figure out why plus the connection kept dropping no idea why my net is 72mbps dwn and 17mbps up .
so in the end i streamed via the native ios twitch app which held really well .
what are the main differences between using lightstream vs twitch native is it just the use of overlays ?
i 've just started in studium deliveries and i 'm now on the gather quests .
it is exactly live crystarium deliveries however i noticed an annoying difference .
while crystarium deliveries quests would tell me where to gather for the turn ins studium deliveries only says what they want without ever indicating the location .
this has obviously led me to looking on websites for information but i find that annoying and nonsense since the quest description should indicate all information needed like all other quests .
sein ca 26 wochen lade ich wöchentlichen video auf meinem kanal thewoodpunk hoch in dem ich versuche content für lehrlinge und mdere holz begeisterte zu erstellen .
take a minute on this black fingernails friday to think of john waking up in iowa the day after thanksgiving .
attached below is todays video link to my on conquering schizophrenia youtube channel .
like all todays video is ever brief and can be viewed amid an acute agreeability !
here are the at t black friday 2022 sales deals https bit.ly/3y4rhpy .
by using the black friday 2022 promo coupon codes or discount deals from this website you can save money on your next purchase .
north atlantic seed has the best deals freebies and the fastest shipping times from
israel allowed the precursor to hamas a non-militant organization that provided social services and preached islam in gaza to operate and perhaps even supported it financially .
at the time it was n't called hamas and did n't engage in militant activities .
as for the taliban contrary to popular opinion it was not created by the us .
the us funded the mujahideen groups headed by afghan warlords who fought the soviets .
the taliban 's core fighting force was educated in deobandi madrasas in pakistan as a result of the influx of refugees fleeing the soviet invasion to refugees camps in the country .
the taliban later outsed said mujahideen from power and seized control over afghanistan .
lol remember when he brought bill clinton 's rape accuser 's to the debate and put them front row good times
in deinem satz ist klar was nh heißen soll genau wie es bei der verwendung von „ne völlig klar wäre .
ich wollte darauf hinaus dass sich selbst die anhänger von „nh nicht einig sind was es bedeutet und wie es zu verwenden ist .
thanks for your submission to r/pokemontrades your post is up and running !
if you receive an offer by pm or reddit chat message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fpokemontrades and redirect the other user to comment publicly on the subreddit .
pm dm and chat trading is prohibited by rule 4 https wk.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules wiki_rule_4_-_do_not_discuss_trades_privately .
any player on or off this subreddit can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner are using .
both you and potential trading partners must have poké ball https i.imgur.com/xgahexa.png level flair or higher 10 approved trades https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/pokeballflair to make trades involving shiny or event pokémon .
must be posted when offering any shiny or event pokémon .
information from 3b if applicable any information from 3c https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules wiki_rule_3_-_full_details_must_be_posted_for_shiny_and_event_pok.e9mon .
if you 'd like you can mark this post as closed by commenting close as a new reply .
doing this will update the post flair and let others know you are no longer looking for further trades .
you can also add your trades from this post to your flairhq !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
now we know the real reason for her marriage failing .
please continue to get yearly pap smears and follow up if you have any abnormal tests .
i 'm sorry you went through that and i hope you 're in a better place now .
better than dying with your hands up begging like a coward .
nope ... . dec 6 for stanford and dec 15 for ucla
i 'm also concerned when it comes to yin tonics of overwhelming the spleen you know
alright thanks for the help bro just to make sure you do approve of this pc right .
i 'm a noob at pcs need the approval 😂
right it 's about ops extremely limited personal experience and people who agree with that experience .
this definitely happened in jewish communities across eastern europe and the pale of settlement in the old russian empire .
one of my maternal grandfather 's brothers married his first cousin unfortunately she and their 2 young boys were killed at auschwitz along with his parents .
there are quite a few other examples in my tree both on my mom 's side and my dad 's side in the pos .
i 'll get you likes and stuff but please do n't 😬
bruh i know this comment is from a long time ago .
but did you forget shigaraki natural enemy is sand ?
he himself said that snatch is his natural enemy because he uses sand and he ca n't decay sand this happened when he ambushed the police convoy that was transporting overhaul .
that 's why he left it to dabi and compress to kill snatch .
this is n't head canon this straight up came from the story itself .
also crocodile can just suck all the moisture from shigaraki so crocodile has all the ability he needs to kill shigaraki .
i mean once we eat the rich and take over society i 'd take it otherwise naah .
i wa young and remember getting in a netcafe to play this game with bots cause noone wanted to play .
ah yes makes sense so manga is adapting some things from anime too .
hope they somehow reference this in anime when they will be animating code arc .
why hold the students grades at ransom when the students have no say in what they get paid ?
stopping me pulling off the drive every time it 's bin day .
hopefully england breezes through us today as it 'll keep the group open .
die können dann direkt mit dem kreuzfahrtschiff vor die großen sandstrände in bremen und lüneburg fahren .
close to 10 of all bitcoin that will ever exist .
in an ultimate all out war between all the gods of all major religions which god/gods do you think would win ?
although i only use these when i talk to my buddy .
i dennis the menace is the prosecutor of the beano system !
i just saw the post on our thread about why he went down but it 's yahoo news my preferred source is mr watts 😂
thank you for posting to r/educativevideos but regrettably your post was removed due to your account having less than 2 karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/educativevideos if you have any questions or concerns .
bme-n vegeztem ilyen diplomamunkat adtam volna be szerintem pofanrohogtek volna .
egyáltalán nem olvastam bele de beleporgettem és már formailag megbukott .
be respectful that 's our premier you 're talking about
var ved at skrive min egen kommentar da jeg så din .
what is a poland '' what do they teach these japanese people about ww2 i know they were basically the asian nazis but do n't they sugar-coat that part of their history from what i 've heard .
the industrial revolution made it so one person could do the job of hundreds and yet everyone is working harder than they ever have .
yes because we live much much better lives than before and have access to way more than people before us had .
even as late as ww1 most us men who were rejected from military service were rejected due to being malnourished .
now we have so much food that we literally created an obesity epidemic .
i 'd say it 's as good as announced because her name shows up in the game already .
posts are automatically locked please direct message by clicking this katescript https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=katescript .
please edit the body of your post to include ! unlock to allow comments if you wish .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/losangelespersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
if they lie to other people they 're probably gon na lie to you as well .
also do n't forget andrew detmer tai lung brandon brightburn captain celebrity cinder fall and king bradley which homelander beats them
bo3 does get old fast not gon na lie my favorite zombies map on bo4 is dead of the night which is incredibly fun and i 've done the easter egg 14 times !
zealot has a tier ii feat at level ten that gives melee crits bleed .
there are also perks for certain weapons that have a chance to bleed .
chainswords and chainaxes have the shredder stat that give it bleed on-hit and how much damage it does .
bleed zealot is an amazing method for dealing massive damage to big threats especially on heresy and higher difficulty .
he asked they said yes i do n't know what more he could of done .
if someone saids hey can i jerk off to you when it 's just you to in a room thats asking for consent .
pick up some condoms ‘cause there 's no way she has any if she even knows they exist .
the man refuses to dress appropriately for work yet he opposes women refusing to dress appropriately for mullahs and the morality police .
animal cruelty is not okay because someone gets money of it d those backwards cruel rodeo communities need to change .
u seem to have no empathy towards animals all u care is sponsors and money .
while nothing is certain i imagine labor would feel good about this poll .
newspoll has for most election eve state polls including the 2018 vic election has understated labor a little over the last few years but generally falling within a fairly accurate prediction .
federal polling was a little on the generous side to labor however and it might be arguable that there are similar forces applying in victoria as federal so that might be repeated .
it 's a good read and much better than the movie .
you need something to focus the attention of the populace on .
let 's take some tweet from some random actor who 's not even relevant anymore and spin outrage out of it .
keep the people from discussing real issues affecting them .
they simultaneously claim bollywood or some other wood '' is irrelevant yet claim validation from them or constantly outrage at the same time .
a currency based on empathy good deeds and heart would be better .
it really does n't matter unless you 're trying to find similar discs across brands or fill holes in your bag .
if you 're running back and pinging the bot would n't you want for your team to come to you come with you ?
regardless yeah they made some poor decisions with voice lines for the comm wheel that 's not up for debate .
what if by same crazy stroke of luck we played tcu in the sugar bowl ?
jesus they ca n't leave anything without shitty additives now including their salads .
awesome schooling fish and a few cool different varieties !
it is in german but i hope you can translate it
what did you do to hurt her when cleaning if you do n't mind me sskibf
lol my brain is stuffed full of all sorts of weird knowledge .
good for impressing the family if jeopardy is on not helpful for much else .
when unregulated capitalism fails people start looking for alternatives .
well i switched from 13 pro to 14 pro so i know that they are a little bit smaller .
but if u dont believe me and ca n't see it for yourself because of your ignorance than check it up in some articles and videos .
you can literally google supermodels stretch marks. they do n't even hide them bc it 's so normal .
prime wall space for something fun up there too .
failure is always good unless you do not learn from it
the guy who tackled the shooter was a straight man with his wife and kids enjoying a drag show .
just an idea but if you had a vacuum tube with an accelerometer in it that could freefall you could hold it on an end with an electromagnet drop it and calculate gravity from the data .
spin the tube and start over for multiple tests .
the other devices would be necessary to ensure your test device is pointing straight up and down and does n't have forces acting on it when you do the test .
for example if it were in a moving vehicle the friction might slow its descent if it is accelerating .
or if the tube is n't pointing straight down relative to the planet .
really if you were building something bipedal you would know just from the act of walking what the gravity is as each leg falls and suddenly stops .
if you put a heavy base on the tube you could be sure it was pointing straight up and down if it can move .
i went with junk brand ... .two colors ... .my squats deadlift and thrusters improved by at least 14 .
i used to help murder people overseas so we could steal the resources and manipulate the markets..
i even got shiny medals and people thank me for my service '' wherever i go ...
just saw them in iowa there were about 30 paying people there and they still rocked the house .
same tour they sold out many venues but to their credit they still play out in the sticks and give a great show regardless .
if paint is only getting stuck in the feedneck i would sand it out some until no balls no matter how misshapen do n't get stuck .
my name is panda and i know what i 'm doing . '
i 'm available next sunday from 15h00 to 21h00 utc and also monday 17h00 to 21h00 utc .
same thing with pizza rolls i ca n't tell you how many times i 've burned my mouth with one right out of the microwave because i was hungry and could n't wait xd
the bot under your post makes this even better 😂
union league library but you have to be a member .
we 'll see if qatar can recover from that terrible first game .
which item used to be in the game and costed 1337 gold ?
cybop is the best monster for trying to make sense out of its words
interestingly i 'm in the office 2 days a week at my current job in a large company however because i do n't work with anyone in the country there 's still 0 interactions .
office or at home i have the same number of people to talk to
yeah and that 's a cultural flaw of america you are projecting onto the world .
europe does n't suffer from this and has much more stable and mature societies absent the amount of violence and sexual violence america seems to suffer from .
it 's almost like intense puritanical values had a terrible effect on american society ?
i got maybe 30 min in and had to take the headset off .
re8 is n't as scary to me and i have played through it several times so maybe i will be able to do this or until the house beneviento part
yeah and that 's one place i did n't mention because of that reason
hard to advance if you do n't spend real money .
there can be non binary lesbians so id assume liking the opposite gender assigned at birth
avatar was an uninspired boring predictable piece of filmmaking and who cares about a sequel .
dual joystick setup and working as an excavator operator for a living helps a lot
they mean absolutely nothing but mm thinks it makes her sound intelligent
i 've gotten pretty good at my reactionary ducking and sliding to cover for high noon .
the snort junker queen does with thanks drives me up the wall and makes me disgusted with her .
hard yta and this may be one of the easiest judgements i 've ever made in this sub .
your ex is dying and your daughter wants to spend what little time he has left with him .
you 're extraordinarily dismissive of her all-around refusing to entertain what 's best for her because of a little personal discomfort .
and wtf is this about a 17 year old not understanding what a terminal condition is ?
my 14 year old knows that even without having directly experienced it herself .
unless you have a concrete reason to believe he 's not terminal you 're doing both him and her a huge disservice .
you 're potentially ruining your own relationship with your child and her chances to reconnect with her bio dad for what ?
shifting into a fund that you do n't mind owning long term is the key piece of info i was looking for .
i 'm going to go with your recommendation and hold both .
the moon is flat and i do n't exist .
it 's reddit everyone is missing iq points stop getting in your feelings about a comment
do n't remember if they ai enhanced it or upscale 4k but i believe last year or year before this was just released .
crystal is the most well written character in lookism bro .
just upgraded four lines this march so ca n't do it if we lose those device credits .
i was just asked by my friend if i actually have any real friends so apparently not
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nyjets if you have any questions or concerns .
too bad the ruiner 2000 will never get updated to be more in line with current cars
because china has the opposite response and they are still dropping iike flies .
i do n't like trump as much as the next guy but do n't be ridiculous .
if you do n't owe anything because you sold all items at a loss then the irs recommends attaching a statement explaining that .
agree it 's another administrative hurdle that people should not have to jump through but you could say the same about tax returns in general .
many taxpayers just get a w-2 no reason why they should have to file a return should just be automatic .
alternatively maybe if people actually reported their income all of this red tape would n't be necessary ?
it hurts and the truth is it will hurt for a very long time but u will get used to it and slowly but surly u will find your way ... ..
that 's true but also this limits the scope of b/x .
what i mean is that everyone here is saying that b/x is simple and easily hackable and here you say that one of the if not the greatest advantages of b/x is that it presents a coherent world .
however this is true only if you play within the scope of the original designers of b/x .
what if you want to play d d in space using b/x ?
you could easily swap spells and miracles with psionics or mutations .
what about the fantasy framework '' that comes with b/x .
so in a way b/x is both a easily and very hard system to hack into an homebrew game .
to me b/x presents a coherent and sensible worldbuilding but only if you play within the framework of the original designers and to me that 's not a great selling point .
a user needs 30 days account age to post in this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/venezuela if you have any questions or concerns .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
this is a busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for a week .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=slutty__wife .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
all you doomer jets fans that say he is n't playing well just do n't know football .
i 'll listen to saleh who compliments him instead of you dummies that come to reddit to uselessly complain .
go root for another team and take that soj nonsense somewhere else .
that was the argument pushed by many of the zach truthers .
completely shutting down anyone that felt zach was n't awesome .
a dick move is essentially blaming the person who 's new pet died in transit .
also that 's just a general risk of shipping any live animals .
garters do not handle stress well so even with the perfect shipping they can die in transit fairly easily .
lol plenty of women like a little femininity in men as far as appearance .
i do n't ever use bleach so i do n't have to worry about that as much but yea i wash all rags regardless of where they come from in their own load or sometimes in with towels only if the rags look relatively clean lol sometimes they 're black
there was a point that was we move in together because i am tired of having roommates and can not afford to live on my own or we are done .
i do n't think he realized that i could n't at the time afford to live on my own .
it was right before the pandemic too when my hours got slashed and i had to get a part time job but it was nice to have that stability from him .
tell her she 's buying her own christmas gifts this year .
i do n't get many compliments on that feature 😊
and we just met spontaneously somewhere in college and there we already found topics for conversation and love
lmao i went in june 2018 right before they changed infantry osut from 14 weeks to 22 .
so we had quite bit of new equipment along with them remodeling every single building in the 2/54 unit .
hot ‘n ' now used to have olive burgers back in the ‘90s .
giving the damage amp to hack was a hidden nerf they took base damage out .
what it really meant was that sombra is locked behind hacking someone to kill them and is even more of a non-threat if she ca n't .
but they also made hacking someone a lot less valuable at the same time so it 's really bad .
this is a friendly reminder to abide by our megathread and spoiler policies .
all content relating to sonic frontiers must be posted in the megathread until december 1st 2022 .
comments in the megathread must be spoiler tagged if they contain a spoiler .
posts about frontiers will be allowed between december 1st 2022 and january 15th 2023 but posts containing spoilers must use the spoiler tag .
the spoiler tag must be used for any spoiler posts and spoiler comments .
a failure to abide by these rules may result in a temporary or permanent ban based on the nature of the spoiler in question .
after january 15th 2023 spoiler posts will be allowed without spoiler tags .
you may find our current megathread here https www.reddit.com/r/sonicthehedgehog/comments/yps49y/megathread_sonic_frontiers_launch_trailer_read and you may read a breakdown of our rules here https www.reddit.com/r/sonicthehedgehog/wiki/index .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sonicthehedgehog if you have any questions or concerns .
i would love to see it in place please do send me a message after .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mortarsportfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought they meant the top not the tip .
these people then later decide to have children and so on the cycle repeats itself
you think treesh and mike are using helpful therapeutic techniques ? ? ?
treesh is absolutely shaming natalie for something that is none of her business and mike is allowing his mother to involve herself in his marriage .
this is all shades of inappropriate and in no way therapeutic .
what are you gon na do about it huh ?
man really watched 26 episodes of the simpsons just to find this video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mortarsportfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm struggling with the 720 spin and fly 100m 😭😂
since other people have already answered your question my downstairs neighbor did this before i finally got a house .
i had practically constant headaches from the smell in the winter they were also too whiny to smoke outside and since i 'm a teacher i got to have lots of awesome conversations with my students about why i smelled like that .
you 're hurting/inconveniencing/endangering other people because you wo n't put on a coat to go outside .
idk why people keep saying this like it 's some kind of gotcha .
i never thought i 'd live to see the day that the buckeyes are the ones crumbling in this game
until about 50 years ago obesity was rare anywhere in the world .
then fast food and processed food became a thing and now obesity is common in much of the world .
what are you talking about they were referencing a movie
from my perspective one thing i can say if you want to keep constant progress try to incorporate your training as much as you can into other daily activities something like 0,5h jogging after sleep before eat or a bike twice a day instead of a car or a bike with a basket when going for groceries .
most of the time it is about many small changes then one huge .
on a positive note you started doing something and maybe beginning ican be tough but you will quickly be surprised how huge improvement you did ofc if you want bigger gains you can incorporate some training plans on top of that simple habits .
but those habits are more important at least from my perspective .
your watch did a good thing motivated you to some work but at the same time it is just a tool .
things like watches or hammers should not change or devastate your mood they are best when use to track your training not give opinions .
vo2 is your capability to transfer and use huge amo unts of oxygen .
it builds with constant training and you should not bother right now too much .
it will probably rise steadily in background but real i.provement you will see when you get some fitness like a good endurance base in cycling or running and with such base you will do some hard intervals .
but first you need to build some muscles to even have capability to push your hearth to such work
nobody gives a care about the fate of labor as long as they can get their instant gratification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mortarsportfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
faster because i do n't have to translate from written symbols to english to concepts .
i can go straight from the symbols to the concepts .
for 2317 you need to remember there are more than a few ways to remove counters without jumping through the hoops i.e .
so while i do n't think is broken good it is n't unplayable or anything .
it does need to be built around fully to get the pay off .
or just play commander/edh where paying 26 life is just another day in black decks and sacrifices a bunch of tokens is very easy as well .
ea has a bad reputation for killing studios that do n't perform to their standards seriously look up the list of studios ea has shut down .
if dad and me4 do n't do well there 's a good chance bioware might not get another chance .
i do n't want either game to fail but the last few games have n't done well and a lot of people from the glory days are gone now .
i hope they can right the ship asap so we can get classics again but the last couple years have not been promising .
i will play dad and me4 if they 're good but right now were waiting to see what happens
it is random when someone puts an offer up .
it would be best to prevent your computer from sleeping .
a lock screen or screensaver is fine though as bisq will still run in the background .
set up notifications for offers under 2 markup and you should see at least a couple a day to take https bisq.wiki/mobile\_notifications https bisq.wiki/mobile_notifications
come on osu we need you to get into the cfp and losing this bad ai n't gon na do it
yep it kinda implicitly implies that racism between any groups is bad but based on how they structured the sentence they focused too much on scientific racism part so people can take it the wrong way like op and some other people did thinking that racism is only bad when white people does it and not bad between other groups .
i would suggest just messing around with all the characters and seeing who you like to play .
builds and the other crap is going to change here in a few weeks with smites yearly big patch .
hey keep in mind this is big areolas if the post doens't show big areolas use report button and help us make this sub a better place .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigareolas if you have any questions or concerns .
you are right and that 's why i put in air quotes mandatory '' .
but good luck convincing your raid leader to take prot warriors or skip disc priests..
realistically speaking you are making content harder if do things like this not sure by how much but i do n't think many people will claim not having a disc is ever optimal .
well if it 's a school computer that does n't allow a launcher or you have it on your usb drive .
you could always download the game on a different pc and move the files over .
arrived with little fanfare to play in midfield but ended up being one of the greatest centre halves to ever play in england .
i normally have trouble staying awayke past 1am but i did n't feel tired at all throughout the marathon .
it definitely was a different experience to watch arcane on a big screen with such a high quality sound .
there were so many sound effect i had never noticed before ' and it was such a nice experience to be able to hype a scene with other fans .
it 's actually been very useful to me over the years .
once i realized that stress/anxiety makes it much more noticeable i 've been able to use it as a gauge for when i need to take a breather or force myself to relax for a bit .
i 've had it for so long that i legitimately wonder what vision looks like without it .
only guess would be a decent head injury i got when i was younger .
vote by including the three letters at the start of a top level comment .
this tally updates every 15 minutes and stops updating when the submission is 7 days old .
me too right now i have 4 fully staffed power plants and 2 fully staffed factories and i see only a small improvement in machinery production but nothing else
i remember once hearing a news reader mention the dept of fi-nance and then the minister for finn-ance in the same sentence .
modern and yes there is a split apart option but it should do everything automatically with the edition-tag tag .
the other person has replied to that comment check it out
😍 oh yeah babe you can have my head 24/7 if you want ? !
i could n't imagine a more beautiful and horny spot in the world where i would rather spend my time than between your wide spread endlessly long sexy thighs with the amazing divine beautiful view of your unique delicious sexy pussy ... mmhhh 🥰🫶🏻🤤💦😘💋❣️❤️‍🔥
did n't need australia getting pretty good at knowing where all these crazy animals are in australia lol
i 've since found out that it 's indeed true but that he 's turned in others for having sex with minors .
again i wo n't condemn an adult who travels and employs the services of prostitutes if theyre of legal age .
there 's no evidence that he 's been with anyone underage and again he 's turned in people who has and in fact has had some threats made against him by the same ppl .
i will have to quit watching him if it 's found he has been in touch with 'harold balder ' though .
i 'm a brunette and the last time i went i told them i 'd had trouble with it so they injected more anaesthetic and it still did n't work .
so obviously after that i did n't go back 😅 i 'm trying to work on my fear but even as i step into a dentists room i just shut down completely
it only costs 5 to move it and 2 to set up large camp 1 for small camp but i use large .
thanks for your submission to r/worldcup your post is up and running !
a general reminder to check out our rules in the sidebar have fun enjoy the worldcup and most of all be civil at all times .
finally take a closer look at this post https www.reddit.com/r/worldcup/comments/z2v46l/announcement_quick_reminder_of_our_most_important regarding our civility rules and reddiquette because we would like for each and everyone to feel welcome on the subreddit and to keep a healthy and safe environment for the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldcup if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to message any superior reddit sluts to thank them
that confederate santa hat in the top right of that last pic ... . just ... wow .
i am starting to think people are needing cash as another popped up last night .
only the people who saw this meme could take over the country
better than teenie🤘😋🍑i like to fuck rear pussy 🍆i ll hold ur boobs n suck earlobes while 43 yo 6 ' thick cock dive into deep you🤘😘🍆💦💦💦
as a former 20-something stoner who frequently-enough fell asleep without brushing her teeth seconding the tooth care .
you can undo a lot of bad decisions you make in your 20s but not the damage you do to your teeth .
i thought it was fine but my teeth suffered some erosion from plaque buildup that made visible dips in the enamel that i 'm mad about now .
dont you think it will be the total opposite ?
he 's rarely used in the passing game on anything but short checkdowns so why expose yourself to unnecessary risk when the texans are most vulnerable in the run game ?
spray will probably be too light to register on most kitchen scales big enough to hold a bowl of popcorn which is to say it 's probably less than 5g if it does n't show up on your scale at all .
this is why i use measuring spoons when baking when i need 1 tsp of something for example even though i measure everything else in grams .
they 're too busy working on the card now ... .oh wait .
all it means is that your life will be much harder .
being less likely to survive does make your life harder .
i 'm not missing the point you just made a very poor analogy with a situation that leads to high deaths of people if society isnt compassionate enough .
it purdue wins and tcu loses i call for purdue to be in the playoffs over ohio state .
is her irl walk the same as seen in ozark ! ?
if so that 's hilarious she 's a fantastic actress and character
where can i learn more about jesuits and their spy program ?
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
some interesting discussions happening in canada with our maid program .
wait ... can daemonhosts spawn in an assassination arena ?
from george washington to abraham lincoln at some point .
are the statues of them erected to celebrate their ownership of slaves ?
are anyone but fringe weirdos calling to take down their statues ?
what 's that the answer to both of those questions is no ?
huh there must be some other reason why people want confederate statues taken down/moved to museums .
yes the point is as i have already mentioned and you keep trying to avoid acknowledging that the statues were erected not as a reminder not to do a confederacy again but because they hated black people and wanted to make sure they knew that .
you also are avoiding answer why if it 's about preserving history '' people wanting to leave up the statues of racist traitors are/were against moving them to museums a much better spot to preserve history and where extra information and context can be done to make remembering and avoiding doing such a thing again '' easier .
i did n't even know the movie came out .
they were n't advertising this movie much at all .
to be honest neither option looks all that great but the price is low .
kiwi has a particularly bad reputation on this sub but it does include transfer protection .
the other option involves three bookings with three carriers with varying customer service quality but no transfer protection .
if it were me i 'd take kiwi but i think you could justify either option .
were there any better itineraries involving fewer airlines in your budget ?
ak had been meta since it was pretty much released .
new recoil just made it way way stronger than anything else .
at least with old recoil i would get scripted by 3-4 different guns .
i am going to get the raijin and the wagon and buy the old original wagon and the original shopping cart
sometimes you can smell basically the memories of smells you 've smelt before .
it could also be a smell isolated in a smaller area .
less likely you are having completely normal transient psychotic episodes/experiences '' .
you do n't have to have a family history to have them they 're actually something most people will experience once or twice in their entire life .
for instance hearing your name when no one else is saying it though that can also be a prelude to genuine hallucinations .
my mom had a aneurysm so i feel u.sorry for ur loss but ta least she 's not suffering anymore.my mom was my superhero slash father figure since my dad 's left us when i was 5 she was best friend i did n't even get .
a chance to make it to her funeral but i know for .
a fact she loved me and i miss her so much every day but i just try to live my life the best i can for her n me and try to make her proud
so ags let it run it 's course or something ?
ah does n't work at all now.bots upgraded to sending and spamming our mails .
dcs happen left and right seriously hardest mechanic in the game right now is to not dc .
and yet they try to shove us their black friday '' deal which seems more like a scam friday deal .
what are sone ideal settings for the landscape for landscape astrophotography
im a 24 year old willing to immigrate nothing really tieing my down and my gf who also wants to move
where in the world can/should we go for a better life
hi folks have a quick question about cad and jewelry in general .
complete newbie is there any cad software which allows picture of gemstones to be uploaded as a texture to make a 3d gemstone in a ring ... ?
for example let 's say i have a face-up photo of a sapphire which i want to put into cad to build a piece around ... is what i 'm saying possible/make any sense .
if so any software+tutorials would be very much appreciated .
does anyone know the telegram language pack where has dowan talk to u come talk cock pin ni mama so bz never read ? .
i deleted telegram cos it was n't loading n when i downloaded it back the singlish language pack was gone please help me.. it 's my fav telegram language pack .
bueno la cosa es que me ofrecieron un laburo en una firma de abogados en puerto madero y en la primera llamada con la consultora le tiré un número 100k que mis amigos me dijeron que era re bajo para el laburo que es y lo que me piden .
el puesto en cuestión es de records clerk pero básicamente es administrativo .
hey chooms i was wondering and i guess some of you aswell .
why does johnnys or davids jacket have this gigantic collar ?
if i had to guess it looks to me like a neck warmer or cooler .
because it lights in red for warm and in blue for cold .
if some of you know whats the purpose of it let me know 3 .
i wanted a place beyond mdl to keep what i 'm watching or have watched straight so i made up a spreadsheet to share .
it has most of the shows that have come out this year and a coming soon sheet that has upcoming titles into 2023 .
i tried to include all the links i could find from legal sources to watch each show as well .
i 'm hoping in time to add previous years .
it is n't something most people will use but the links to the various shows might be helpful to some .
bl series and movies from 2022 and on https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10d-f8ha4ygktopwjnrbah-3msaesr-mg_2we1ytqesy/edit ? usp=sharing
new template bl series and movies updated with sheets and charts for all years https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ergaiyjshffepjhnvildywviutfzkjkhqewzyko7jtg/edit gid=0
edit if you have any links to view series or whole series that i missed let me know and i 'll add them .
edit i originally intended to only do 2022 when i first started this since it is time consuming but decided to work on previous years .
i have updated the spreadsheet with sheets for previous years and the charts to go with them..
this will make it easier for anyone that want to fill out their own sheets or keep them updated as i add years .
i do n't intend to update the structure of the spreadsheet anymore just continue to add title from previous years .
the hints page now has a section where i will post any updates on titles i add .
the all years section will include all the titles on the spreadsheet and i will keep it sorted for any that just want to use the sheet as a reference of where to find shows .
edit as of dec 1 titles have been add for 2022 thru 2017
the average persons body temperature is 98 degrees and a fever is 100 .
if your body temperature is regularly 97 is a fever still 100 or 99 degrees ?
i want to trade my slowpoke and scyther to evolve .
if you also have the same pokemon to trade for them we can either keep each others or trade back your call as i just need them for the pokedex .
also would love to join up with someone to complete finizen 's evolution as well .
dhl a world-leading provider of supply chain solutions specifies in its brochure a variety of supply chain planning elements and processes worth considering for effective business operations .
any supply chain planning system should take into account all the tiny processes present in the modern company supply chain from warehouse management to customer demand forecasting .
once you 've decided to boost the profitability of your company and outsource custom scp it 's worth thinking of the following issues to be presented in the developed custom software
end-to-end supply chain visibility user-friendly interface allows easy data access from every company location
documentation processing throughout the company design a single point of contact for all the supply chain participants
these features target several added value options such as real-time data generation supply chain flow mapping estimation of future possibilities to broaden the supply chain and pushing scp system updates to generate more value for the company management .
wisely tailored scp software gives a variety of benefits that prompt quicker roi and higher revenues due to
costs decreasing as a result of improved inventory management storage space optimization and optimized scp system responsiveness
better quality of collaboration and communication between the supply chain participants
more efficiency possibility to adjust dynamic changes in supply and demand
stock auditing and waste reduction to become a more sustainable business .
all the information above is helpful in reaching sc 's increased supply chain efficiency better analytics every supply chain process results in data businesses must deal with reduced costs and risk mitigation .
the core vision for the power of supply chain planning is in boosting supply chain compliance for more business sustainability .
the more suitable to the standards your raw materials will be the better you will meet international goods standards so you 'll cut return costs preserve and make your brand reputation more robust .
proper scp software grants the ability to build in the compliance benchmarks and check for more supply chain visibility as well as a reduction in human errors resulting in cost reductions .
i pre-ordered a week later since i was waiting for my 20 off from the trade in .
getting the 32gb model premium pen and the fabric cover dec 8th .
i have some technical books that i 'm looking forward to reading on the big screen and trying out some notes on it .
last year i did up to about day 21 or so .
this year i am setting up my project using gradle java for code and groovy for testing so that i have one project called advent2022 then underneath i will have a new module for each day .
i have found that i get away with it except that i have to duplicate the resources from each day to the next in order to use log4j '' and log.info https log.info '' but i guess that is how that works .
the one thing i did n't do before was elevate generic methods like reading of the data file or other such things to importable modules so as to not have code reuse by cut and paste '' .
any other pointers that might be helpful from the code management side of things ?
all characters must be 18 or older my character is 18 hi there !
i 'm always bored and wan na do something fun and new i 'm pretty open minded and have no limits so couple ideas
1 maybe the neighborhood milf comes over to your guys moving in party but her over confidence and gullible ness creates many accidental moments
2 maybe that one scary movie scene of the girl gets wrecked by a ghost while asleep could add to it or the haunted house scene of the wife and ghost
3 or i 'm open to any ideas y'all have and am interested to talk to y'all so hit me up !
4 or a crazy basketball summer tourney tons creative and unrealistic fun stuff can happen or maybe something like norbit
5 or something like one of those parody movies like not another teen movie date movie epic movie disaster movie
5trying to do all the stars of the nba or something like that aha
7 if you have any ideas please hit me up and we can brainstorm and create something
8 parody type thing super hung guy obliterates and flattens my fat ass
9 or a crazy rp of a oblivious bf who never sees any of the nasty dirty stuff his gf does behind his back like tipping the pizza boy or something
10 your a hung guy trying to create your dream girl on a computer but something goes wrong
13 or maybe a husband ca n't get me pregnant so he thinks his scrawny friend could be used to donate his sperm we did n't know he was insanely hung
14 or insanely hung uber driver obliterates my fat ass on way to my bf place
15 or maybe a scary movie or haunted house type role
16 or maybe your one of my sons friends it 's halloween i 'm taking y'all trick or treating or too a party
17 or that 1 cheerleader scene in dodgeball or any other ideas
kik hugebootyx so either message me your kik name or we can play on reddit send me a chat or just message on reddit !
i have tried to play with strangers on duos or trios but my mic but people dont hear me i have enabled voice chat on the setting .
anyone been a streamed scrims grinder that has seen how some of these squads have played ?
i have seen a few youtube videos but have been sorta staying away from scrims for the most part .
i think this game is kinda boring to watch personally .
just a repaint for my metroplex.. lol i lost a couple of screws..
i 'm looking for an ha galarian meowth and willing to trade up to 2 other has from it from the list below .
it 'll take me a little bit of time to hatch the eggs so i ca n't trade right away .
i 'm an international student currently working on my bachelor 's thesis and would really appreciate it if you could fill in my survey .
would really love to know about your insights and experiences during those difficult times .
the survey takes about 2-3 minutes and all information will be kept confidential .
asking around i 've gotten mixed messages on moving out of state .
buy a house turn it to a month by month rental until i save x amount find work over there and then move ?
i do want my own house and just have a space of my own but i 'm not too sure i grab a job over 20/hr .
i 'm an electrician by trade but have mostly worked in panel shops .
who is this uncredited hottie in beginners guide to sex from 2015 ?
i saw some spoilers and there 's a lot of cards i wish to have in my arena collection .
like i do n't have any friends to play magic so i do n't collect paper..
so hopefully there is good news that this may come on arena or at least mtgo .
started a new llc this year and was using personal accounts to fund the initial start up costs while we were waiting for the new business card to come .
seasonal work could n't wait ... yes should have planned better .
so i 've got the new llc bank cc info imported into wave accounting software .
i do n't need payroll or invoicing just need to assemble the income/expenses profit/loss statements for cpa .
i 've used ynab for years for my personal budgeting/taxes .
and am realizing just what a mess i 've made by funding the business with personal accounts .
add the business expenses from the personal cards/accounts into wave ?
if i leave it as is the automatic profit/loss statement is really messed up .
should i leave the additional start up costs in my personal account but categorize them for the llc ?
maybe the solution is obvious but between my adhd dyscalculia i feel really stuck .
how viable would nerc rc certification be for my career .
i 'd like to pick up some studying in my spare time to further supplement my knowledge of the industry/improve career prospectives .
i spent 1.5 years on a trading desk modeling pricing ppas as well as managing good amount of our east interconnect desk for a large public utility .
few months at a hedge fund trading short term power virtuals and now currently consult for transmission focused team doing power flow modeling impact studies congestion/curtailment for renewables project siting etc..
i really enjoyed working at a utility and see myself back there at one point .
ultimately i am undecided on my final career path but if i was to pursue trading how beneficial is an rc cert .
also have been interested in grid operations so a general day-day scope and how my background could be relevant would be useful here .
the phone number is 240 433-8848 and during the voicemail they told me to call a completely different number 949 686-8848 .
i googled both numbers and neither bring back any results of the irs or any major government branch .
i also have not received any letter from the irs in almost 8 months and the last thing was a check for my amended 2020 return .
i got an email from gsc saying there was an indexing issue with one of my site 's pages .
alternate page with proper canonical tag '' it 's an important page on the website .
what are the steps i should take to fix this issue ?
i 'm submitting a vba 21-4138 in support of a claim .
when iprint the form up to sign there is a x '' in the signature box .
i 'm a very casual plex user but i know that a lot of people put a lot of effort into their libraries .
from optimized versions to subtitles pre-roll and other cool optimizations and tweaks there 's all kinds of cool stuff out there .
that got me wondering if there 's a way to sync libraries between plex servers and i 'd people actually do that ?
i 've had other plex users share libraries with me which i added to my account but that just adds their server to my menus it does n't sync the content .
is it even possible to sync a whole library without breaking the meta data or anything ?
would it be a one way sync or two ways so we could both add new content ?
another cool possibility would be if people had specialty libraries by genre that could be shared ?
this has probably all been done and i 've just missed it and of course there may be copyright issues depending on the content and country but it sure got me thinking .
i gon na buy ktt kang white or gatheron milky yellow and later ill lube them .
should i get ktt kang white or gatheron yellow milky or do you have any other switch suggestions ?
i know the switch does n't affect the sound much but even 1 effect is good for me .
and also is your game fully up to date ?
if none of these things help you might have to uninstall and reinstall the game but know you 'll be risking losing your account if you have n't cloud saved before .
i would definitely spank that sweet little ass every chance i got
if you do n't know what having six kids is like imagine you 're drowning ... and then someone throws you a baby.
jokes aside you can be super excited to have a big active family !
i agree with other commenters who said you should enlist lots of help for the newborn stage of twins
i prefer common sense and personal values over a host of assumptions on what constitutes the greatest good .
what are your assumptions about the optimal allocation and resources and why are they optimal ?
i do n't necessarily agree with effective altruism as a philosophy but it seems obvious to me that their common sense and personal values are n't necessarily any worse than yours at creating positive change and at least they have something that is measurable .
changing minds of the hardcore deniers is completely 100 impossible .
but look how many people started talking and thinking about it just a little bit .
those people are mainly on the side of hey yeah we should probably stop ourselves from killing ourselves eh ? ''
just checked and not had anything sent to a setup with icloud hide my email .
go to the global store create an account and place an order like you would anywhere else .
you need a credit card to do so and just fyi they do n't accept debit but some debit cards will work depending on which one you have
you can also order from shops that carry native figures like nin-nin but it 's better and easier to order directly from them
r/onlyfans101fitgirls is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101fitgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
you can definitely write your seedphrase off on the paper .
it is nothing but a seed-phrase written on a piece of paper .
regarding your second question of ledger getting bankrupt you have the seedphrase so you can import your existing wallet into new one .
i wrote a post regarding the same just a few days back .
i do n't know why you 're trying to compete with me .
most people are not exploited by friends and have nude imagery of themselves spread among their peers and online for 6 years .
what is going on at the base of your walls and on the tiles themselves ?
i 'd love to try to replicate what you 've done .
agree but to continue with my point that we need to reform and edit our constitution .
the patriot act was/is a clear violation on the 3a
nimrit tryna replace tina shalin vote bank with soundarya lmao
otherwise they cant lane and they lack impact in fights .
if all they bring is unkillable a little cc they get ignored .
is your goal to punish banking workers for what other people did 15 years ago or instead to have a functioning banking sector ?
in most professional jobs bonuses are a normal way to retain staff without having to give a payrise
who asked you to call everybody swear words in the comments section of a roblox subreddit chris
i 'm mostly a casual runner but i 'm following https www.baa.org/races/baa-10k/train/leveltwo and do n't know how to interpret one of the days ...
12-15 minute warm up jog 4 x 1/2 mile at 10k pace with 3 minute rest 4 x 1/4 mile at 10k pace with 90 seconds rest 12-15 minute warm down jog
what makes the most sense for 4 x 1/2 mile at 10k pace with 3 minute rest ?
i 'm thinking we want to rest for at most 3 minutes total over the 4 x 1/2 mile ?
i 'm sure it is but one thing about me is i 'm a glutton for punishment my guy .
now you 're busting rubbing it in haha free the bobbies !
alcoholic is n't a dirty word the same way disabled is n't a dirty word .
and i never said people who recover ca n't do so on their own but they 're still a part of the community .
if i came up to you and told you that calling yourself a lesbian is archaic and i 'd be offended if someone referred to me that way you would n't like it either .
i do n't know what else i have to say to get you to see that your opinion does n't matter on this issue because it seems you 'd rather talk over someone who is both a medical professional and in recovery .
i 'd happily listen to the opinions of someone who actually had experience in addiction instead of an outsider looking in .
but as it is you sound like all the people who tried to tell disabled people they 're not allowed to call themselves that anymore and have to say people with disabilities or differently abled .
bellingham further forward sterling deservedly dropped rice and henderson protecting the defence both foden and rashford getting chances .
your tfsa contribution limit is calculated based on contributions and withdrawals .
the transfer from rbc to wealthsimple is neither a contribution nor a withdrawal .
is it just me or is bard looking good next patch
imho it 's because while the 2005 version had the budget to give a faithful representation of the time period etc .
and 1995 was more theatrical and so less realistic colin firth is a superior actor and was able to inform his meager scenes with a depth of character that shows us darcy 's transformation throughout the story .
matthew m. did well with the script he was given but again imho darcy was reduced to a shy and awkward fellow rather than the more complex man from the original source material .
i do n't know what you think the majority of us are doing .
i can assure you tho we do n't criticize and sit in the shadows depressed .
we all know it is n't life or death and i 'm sure most of us talk shit about the game and try to enjoy what we can or stop playing .
i have n't purchased a madden in 6 or 7 years either .
i only play the ones that come free with gamepass .
i enjoy as much as i can with a couple of friends in online franchise .
that is how i see for myself the same kind of crap delivered year after year .
the things you are comparing just are n't relevant to each other .
all the things you listed have equal and fair competition .
we have none that even come close that is n't 10 years old .
it 's this way with all the titles especially boxing .
i mean can we get an updated graphics of fight night round 3 so we can get some legit boxing and online play ! ?
if you post again and it does n't show up just message me via chat and i will find and approve it .
just a reminder when you are asking for help you must include what question you asked what spread you used and most importantly your own interpretation .
it makes it hard for others to help and we will ask for this anyways so just include it with your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tarotpractices if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
then you will unfortunately appear similar to those who discriminate about it
starcraft x bdo seems more likely than any of this
argentina be like why fix your awful economic policies when you can start war with britain instead ?
thank you for posting however we require that accounts be at least 7 days old to post to this subreddit .
this rule is non-negotiable and we wo n't respond to messages asking for an exception .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicaldiscussion if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't know for sure as mine is turning up tomorrow so ca n't test but you probably have to use the old bracelets with the old app .
considering they no longer supporting it and phasing it out last year i ca n't see them updating it to work with the be
is the soil still soaking saw a former post where this happened from overwatering
recht hebben op een paspoort betekent nog niet dat men ook twee paspoorten heeft veel pvv kneuzen lijken te denken dat elke marokkaan twee paspoorten in een la heeft liggen .
technically australia never banned citizens from entering they just made it illegal and punishable !
so if you were au citizen and returned home they would put you in prison for a while ...
please keep marriage app and criteria related posts to the weekly marriage app and criteria threads that are posted on monday mornings and opinion and rant posts to the weekly opinion and rant threads posted on wednesday mornings .
in the us employers can still require employees to go to work despite severe weather .
leave earlier than you normally would and drive slow and carefully .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mediasportsfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
second half of the game was basically um dropping osu off a high building .
he was surprised when i told him it was just a dumb stereotype
says one of the things i installed manually is xorg '' .
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
including but not limited to slut bitch whore for the streets etc .
it does not matter to whom you are referring .
examples include but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
this includes but is not limited to referring to people as chads pick-me 's or pornsick .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
mobil butcher that slaughtered my steer had a modified chainsaw .
was gas powered chainsaw but had a giant reciprocating blade .
i am able to get to this page which shows contact options for brother .
sometimes a certain stairwell was like that like you knew to go the other way around cause something was up .
usually drugs or they were messing around with a girl who got around ...
lmfao so i love cheese but i am lactose intolerant myself .
sad to say some days i have a terrible sweet tooth but i do n't force my boyfriend to eat sweets .
please read the rules in the sidebar to avoid your posts getting removed .
and be sure to check out some more of our awesome subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tiktokxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know if they use screws from different suppliers or what but i am notorious for completely stripping screws that are easy for everyone else and i had no issues with my steam deck .
for the screws on the outer corners i actually used a flathead rather than a philips and had absolutely no issues with the screw heads .
the other screws i used a philips no clue what size as it was sent with my computer monitor but it fit and again no issues at all .
i 've taken it apart twice now and the screws are completely fine .
zim came in and did what he is best at headed away everything that came near him .
this is what it looks like https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1pwc9xgnsc0 in the wood part .
suicide hotline numbers if you or anyone you know are struggling please please reach out for help .
you are worthy you are loved and you will always be able to find assistance .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
it 's actually really nice to know i 'm not alone .
my therapist keeps making comments about self-harm being a way to feel something but for me it 's a way to stop feeling everything .
it frustrates me that he does n't get that but it occurred to me that maybe i 'm just unusual in that way .
i 've watched my teammates get snuck up on because the either were n't wearing headsets or just have poor awareness .
i can hear the enemy above/behind them while they 're still searching the area where they were .
i keep my mic off at all times but sometimes i feel like turning it on to yell they 're behind/above you ! ''
you 're the one telling the guy he needs to get a divorce based off two reddit comments .
i mean it has a bit of a tart but it 's not as tart as lemons
hey u/zack_x7 unfortunately it seems your account it 's not suitable for r/gonewild18 anymore .
thank you for all the time you 've been close to us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild18 if you have any questions or concerns .
r/irlgirls is a subreddit that highlights the average girl that you see in your everyday life .
since the girls posted here are not famous or have a huge following we want to make sure that this is an anti-stalker subreddit .
it is not fair to put a girl 's safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you will be banned if you post/ask for a source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
reminder press the report button https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360058309512-how-do-i-report-a-post-or-comment if you see any rule-breaking comments or posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/britishproblems if you have any questions or concerns .
or he 's married and in an open relationship .
or because shes psycho and he 's just like i 'm just doing this for publicity 😂
man just when i thought i was decided this has me swayed .
i was also concerned about performance but i think you 're right and it 'll be fine .
ruining a mortar encampment by psychically pissing everyone off sounds really fun
i mean there are some convinced he wears shoe lifts so 🤷🏻‍♀️😂
my father used to be a wrestler never got that bad ...
i 've seen a lot more of the all white camo lately .
i think it looks awful and i hate it .
every qb we 've had prior to cj woulda put the team in his back and willed us to victory .
i love cj as a person he 's just not a killer on the field .
i could play with those numbers later and update this .
yes but maybe medicine sports film music finance ad categories would have made sense .
who refuse to sell it to a nation involved in conflict .
get milk thistle if you want to help your liver .
let me teach you how to watch more anime me boy
i had no idea that universal studios only opened in 1990 .
he 's not a kid and he 's not a victim of what anybody is doing to him .
he has always aligned himself with intolerant uneducated white racists .
when the bigots encourage/praise him he has the option to walk away and he does just the opposite .
yeah i have no clue where this random sentiment that dokkan is destroying itself is coming from
originally i was talking about boxing and people think paddy is so much better boxer that he will beat 2 divisions heavier guy who is boxing last 6 years of his life.now you are talking about mma which i think at the moment paddy will win easily but if jake starts training mma in a couple years he could get a decent wrestler .
look at adesanya he was kickboxing learnt td defence and teared through the division .
im not saying jake is that good boxer to become middle weight champ but good enought to beat paddy after couple years of training .
just look at paddys boxing he is leaving his chin way to open and getting knocked down by cans .
those plants are suffering to make your burger patties .
download the video https savemp4.red ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/tiktokxxx/comments/z8952s/ready_to_get_spit_on click on download hd video
to prevent vredditdownloader spam all comments summoning it will be automatically removed .
please use the link provided above to download the video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tiktokxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not just a matter of product design but a limitation in the actual technology .
it is very unlikely to be a regular velkhana at this point .
sure velkhana is apparently equal to savage deviljho officialy so tecnically power wise is a resonable addiction .
a variant of velkhana is still the more likely option added sort of like crimson glow valstrax so it 's not gon na be the same thing as iceborne .
sure i would have loved to see ukanlos instead but that means akantor making it less likely .
even a goss harag variant would have been cool but of the 2 i can see why a velkhana variant would be better
considering we dont have red-eyes soul yet it should be simple .
the other 2 cards should guard you against ash like called by the grave or crossout designator
you can also play gamma to protect from ash but if it 's summoned you cant activate red eyes fusion buuuuut you can make gamma summon driver then link driver into spider and both to make verte anaconda .
if you consider also playing during opponent 's draw phase you can have a set red-eyes burn and quick launch and explode the comet fusion with rokket tracer 's effect
sorry your post was removed because you did not include your physical description including height and/or weight .
you must include a general description of yourself such as
note that you need to include both a height and weight or the descriptive equivalents for your post to go through .
you may repost your updated post within three hours otherwise it will count as your post for the week .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
there are two reasons why the answer is no ''
1 i was in a state of significant sleep deprivation and a lot of my other bodily systems were also starting to work incorrectly including my balance and cognitive function .
if that 's part of the requirements i 'll take the pain instead .
2 i 'm pretty sure it was a complete inability to feel pain which sounds nice but it 's actually quite dangerous .
i have a foot i ca n't feel at all because of some nerve damage and i have to check it constantly for injuries i did n't realize i had .
it 's an anxiety i would n't want more of .
but if i could arrange it so i just could n't feel more than x amount of pain that 'd be nice yeah .
in fairness the george floyd protests were pretty significant .
and without the deterrence of covid they may have been significantly larger i personally did n't attend due to covid because i just was n't comfortable enough with it
that is something i would never say to one of my clients .
i would imagine that felt so very invalidating to hear .
i would also not ever draw any kind of conclusion about morality myself but let the client investigate and explore that and what it means etc .
i do n't think your therapist did a good job of just meeting you right where you are—whether that is feeling like your parents are bad or good or whatever .
i like to remind clients that sure parents can have upbringings that contributed to their behavior but that in no way excuses or erases their complete failure as parents or the devastating impact that their behavior had on you .
i also think it 's possible to hold multiple feelings at once like understanding and empathy towards parents and their own illness etc and feeling like they have failed you and have been harmful to you and others .
or even feeling zero compassion for them at all .
team game but i am the owner ill check the settings out
well religion is a multi-billion dollar industry so good luck oh lord .
you can also get them for free from the library !
top 3 mangas i 've read i just absolutely love it .
that being said i think mappa is doing a great job with the anime capturing all the emotions action scenes and character qualities .
you should have received documentation from the breeder giving hip scores etc for the pups parents .
if you were not given this then your breeder is n't reputable and is probably aware of genetic abnormality in their breeding pairs .
i 'm so sorry this has happened to your pup .
having to wait till friday to see a vet is dreadful .
one of the early symptoms is losing strength in the limbs .
it does n't however look like this and the paralysis tick is endemic to australia .
i truly hope there is some silly benign reason for this behaviour .
your top bullet is exactly why i left working for a large us telecom .
on average by the time i was talking to someone they had been on the phone over an hour and talked to a minimum of two other qualified people who could n't fix their issue .
the last thing they want is me to waste their time trying to sell them call tones or upgraded messaging .
hey thanks bro they certainly do come in different types of wood .
i have a ton of pine but i also have oak ones .
then how the fuck can harbaugh not see this .
yeah greg roman sucks we all know that but the fact that he does n't make a change tells me he has no place on this team moving forward .
what 's oniony about this this is just depressing as fuck
adults seriously dissecting movies made for kids is always funny
ladies and gentlemen this individual here is what happens when cousins fuck
damn that a big dummy is all on film gon na be funny to see her get arrested
have you accepted that jesus is lord and savior ?
sexuality is a spectrum and the thought of one day my partner might just become sex repulsed or only have sex for my pleasure is just a scary thought
this is not an ace issue this happens across the board reguardless of sexuality .
many people lose attractions over the years to their partner and stay in it for other reasons while treating sex like it 's something you are meant to do .
it 's extremely common for people to lose sex drive/libido as they get older or out of shape or depressed which is very common in today 's society .
if that 's what you fear asexuality is n't the issue .
this can happen to anyone at anytime and typically in long term relationships there will come a time where it occurs even for a short while .
not me just realizing he uses a scythe to harvest '' the dead ... a scythe is a harvesting tool ...
so your wife got a new car last time her car shut off on her while driving now this car she wants replaced does the same ?
nta if you do n't have the money you do n't have the money 🤷🏼‍♀️
i did n't give in to their gremlin mind tricks '' dude who browses 4chan daily .
never seen people so proud to have not received medical treatment .
idk i think this is why we should teach kids to fight properly instead of cyber bullying awareness '' .
kids are gon na be dicks regardless and obviously this girl ca n't move on .
need to pay something and i get paid soon so i 'm doing this 2-day term borrow !
i want viciously use all your holes and leave you with a huge load inside you i 'll leave the choker on !
this is a large reason schools should n't lose electives ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/babesnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
spicy and sour noodle soup usually just a pack of ramen with lime juice and chilli flakes added .
i just came back from spain and had accidentally used italian words in place of spanish a couple of times .
i am less convinced that they are escape from new york style prison cities .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
edenfantasys adult store shop adult sex toys now https www.edenfantasys.com/all-sex-toys ? utm_source=eden-partner utm_medium=affiliate utm_campaign=plink utm_content=225n utm_term pcode-225n sex toys .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slutgirldream if you have any questions or concerns .
spouse is supposed to attend this adjudication uscis interview too .
but ... if he can't/wont't attend ... bring those papers/documentation .
try to see if he can at least be available by phone .
looming/current divorce should n't hinder you from favorable adjudication .
yeah i know but man i wish a festival like this would happen
that 's the 2019 solstice armor https youtu.be/dxj2l_w6yru you will have to wait until summer solstice event to see if bungie adds them to the eververse store .
i would n't count on it since they were not available for sale this year or last year but maybe .
the fact that we achieved what we did with a depleted roster is unimaginable
second the other comment chilli is definitely a go to .
seasonal soups and salads are very easy and customisable so you can adjust to your liking .
otherwise i 'd just try myself at simple pasta dishes aglio e olio cacio e pepe pesto and spinach with chicken .
they all use little ingredients but are certainly tasty .
i 'd like to apologize for single handedly inventine weapons of mass destruction global warming mass surveillance and worst of all ... social media .
😔 i regret my actions that my atheist religion forced me to do .
this is a friendly reminder to read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules .
memes social media hate-speech and pornography are not allowed .
screenshots of reddit are expressly forbidden as are tiktok videos .
comics may only be posted on wednesdays and sundays https www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/uq9pjw/going_forward_comics_may_only_be_posted_on .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funny if you have any questions or concerns .
they are notorious for doing piss poor work and overcharging .
also if you have a low deductible you can file a claim your premium wo n't go up from a claim like some people are saying in the comments .
unfortunately you have a brand new vehicle and we are currently in a pretty bad glass shortage so it 'll probably be hard to find your windshield and it might be pretty costly .
however in 8 the years i have been doing autoglass replacement i have never charged someone more that 1200 for a windshield replacement .
i am windshield tech for gmc cadillac and own a windshield replacement business .
i always tell people to avoid safelite at all costs they do n't have to use me but they should never use safelite .
perhaps but that is an entirely separate concept from there being chemicals '' or in fact anything dangerous present in gmo crops
there 's no course on distinguishing ethnic groups and given china 's size you 're dealing with a ton of variety in features even still it 's not exactly a solid idea to label something as coming from all x ethnicity because it makes you forget that wealthy and upper middle class people travel all the time to these areas and they 're much more reliable vectors
a white dude from france who likes to vacation randomly is probably more of a threat than the old chinese lady at your grocery store who does n't enunciate well
im a bit late bit do you have a duck left ?
as a former phd student but you know what they say once an academic always an academic '' am i right ?
instead of finding evidence drawing up a theory and setting out to disprove/reject/nullify the null hypothesis he does the exact opposite .
he sees gaps in evidence or in established theories speculates on his own hypotheses and sets out to find supporting evidence that proves/supports his speculation ! !
and he wonders why he 's not accepted it 's because he 's doing everything ass-backwards .
but he never takes the time to reflect on the fact that he 's not taken seriously because he simply seeks evidence to support his claims rather than the other way around finding evidence to disprove/nullify his claims/speculations/self-masturbatory victim complex .
seek out to prove the null hypothesis the commonly accepted belief .
try to prove yourself wrong and once one fails to do so you 'll be taken much more seriously .
one ca n't and i repeat can not form a hypothesis and then seek out data/evidence to support your own theories .
the whole idea is that man is biased and will seek to prove themselves right based on emotion and a complex of some sort see !
theory has and always will be taken seriously when the researcher in question has done all they can to either attempt to prove the accepted standard hypothesis at the time and/or prove the null hypothesis and can not or found no other way that their alternative hypothesis could not be the explanation i.e. reject/disprove the null accepted '' hypothesis .
he sees hypotheses makes his own h1 hypotheses and then seeks out data evidence to support himself .
nah this stuff is n't for the world outside of russia to consume .
every time you see a sad russian mother talking about how her son was turned into paste in kherson then immediately follow up with and that 's why putin 's plan to destroy ukraine must happen ! ... . that's the kinda dummy this is targeted towards .
you have the wand you use the wand it works like a wand .
but the wand also has a wizard/witch it prefers .
when that wizard/witch is in control of the wand it will work even better .
the wand decides who its master is by choosing the person who defeated it 's previous master .
no harry was n't just lying to distract voldermort .
stunnerang says that do n't work for me brother ''
i do n't care but targaryens do n't pull it off better or whatever else you said .
which shows there 's a huge appetite for his guests opinions dunnit ?
how many hours have you played in vr with non-teleport walking ?
it was also hard for me but just for the first 5 hours .
sure but it 's also made pretty clear that no one wants to mess with the murdaugh mafia and point fingers in their direction .
did anyone ever get stephen 's phone so authorities could identify whom he was in touch with the weeks before he was murdered ?
let 's you share any unit you want with friends when the mines event comes around .
not useful outside of that but little fact you can equip any equipment to your shared unit and it wo n't unequip it from any of your other units
stretch to outright say that saint is bad person terrible and selfish choices were made for sure and she was wrong for that but a bad person overall ?
so there 's a chance death now shows up riding a tractor .
igen van hogy egy ilyen kicsi gesztus is segít az életben maradáshoz .
i 've seen so many ridiculous theories recently both on this subreddit and on youtube and i 'm glad to see someone calling it out .
she is n't going to admit she posted that to get followers .
the primary source for making atp in a metabolically healthy individual is fat .
zone 2 or aerobic base building is about maximizing the ability to burn fat during athletic activity and endurance at increasing capacity over glucose .
calorie for calories the body creates more atp from fat .
and it uses fat at lower energy states over glucose .
at zone 3 heart rate zones and higher the body begins to turn to glucose for atp production .
but then you have lactate build up and clearance issues which will eventually force the body back to zone 2 relying on fat while the body clears lactate .
go to a place wearing hijab is more common and experience cat call intense stare grope galore .
i 'd argue if an individual is the harassing type it does n't matter what you wear
you know i may be speaking out of line here ...
but could we have hentai just as naughty and as well drawn and well animated as this that is n't full of rape and trauma ?
like ... find that balance between being dirty and still being nice .
i feel like in every single matn video i watched the audio is not properly synced with the video .
video is always roughly one second ahead of the audio .
i 've been waiting to write this until after i 've given the album a solid half dozen listens .
when the initial singles came out i was stoked .
i 'm a sucker for great pop and call of the void nails what it sets out to do ... . moonpeople as well .
my initial listen in the car was pretty disappointing .
i felt like the singles did n't fit well on the album .
then i gave it a couple of full listens in headphones .
i think i get what he 's doing here .
the things that rubbed me wrong now impress me with their genius .
i 'm amazed as a musician at his musical mind .
i 'm also a mix engineer and these would have been super difficult mixes because they are often so incredibly filled with parts .
i actually had garth richardson 's legend father jack as an instructor at audio engineering school so it 's super cool to hear gggarth 's work on this record .
i love the treatment of the pandemic through devin 's lyrics too .
all in all the whole package is stunning and it deserves much higher praise than it will likely get from the mainstream anyway .
this album is true art for art 's sake .
my hat is off to devin and garth what a great project .
this was what sparked this thought i was reminded of how awful that trial deck reprint set was apart from the passable vr exculpate the blaster
honourable mention to g start deck 01 oddysey of the interspatial dragon
as overpowered as this set was i remember having a ton of fun with it .
every clan got something broken that rrr lineup is star-studded !
what were the best and worst sets of vanguard in your opinion ?
i know this has been asked before but the old answers are no good and i ca n't find on google .
does anyone know where to get software for an old cube pro ?
i am running little 1-off with a homebrew mix of 4e and some random custom stuff i tossed together .
this story takes place in one such mini-campaign mind you this was my first experience with this player i wanted to test the waters a little .
this is gon na be wildly different from a lot of stories here as most stories in her span multiple sessions and multiple players though this was a 1 on 1 while i tried to get this player suited to be with the rest of my players .
i also would like to point out that no i am not the greatest dm nor am i even that good at it .
but that is solely because it was over the internet so it was a lot more trouble for me than sitting at the table with a group of friends i struggle with some stuff like that i do n't entirely know why ...
so to start this story i recently have fallen back into the loop of the indie horror franchise five nights at freddy 's and as such i figured my growing modern world of stories would n't be to far off having an animatronic centered arcade in it ... my player also seemed interested in the franchise which helped deeply as he had a general idea of how the robots in that function .
enter this guy i 'll call him d. for reasons that will be known later .
d 's first job is to unload a shipment into this arcade there was n't gon na be combat as i wan na get to know how my players play when i meet them online instead of in person i ca n't really get a gauge on them based on how they act in real life .
anyways d unloads an animatronic into the building a damaged dog robot .
right out the gate d starts acting really gross towards this robot the job required he remove the chest carapace then the upper left arm shells that way he could get to the broken shoulder joint .
not issue at all especially since the robot way guiding him the only thing that could go wrong was the occasional bad roll which would damage the robot .
d does something that i did n't at all make any mention of and removes the arm from the robot entirely which naturally causes the bot to react in a negative way which causes some errors in its programming causing it to play some hidden audio files that were on the drive nothing too out of the way for people who know how the five nights games are written basically imagine that this robot is being treated like a child and people are against the creator so he kills them ... . with no repercussions but that part is on me i did n't flesh that scene out well enough .
d replaces the arm with a modern arm a model that the robot specifically stated was incompatible .
well spoiler it 's not that it was incompatible it 's that it was highly unadvised .
but d did n't care he wanted to hastily put this robot back together so he could start hitting on it .
he continues to hit on the robot and kiss it even knowing that it is possessed by a conscious spirit of a child .
which i tried to steer him away from but he would not go the right direction ...
i just started ignoring his sexual remarks towards the machine ...
after the repair he has a conversation with the animatronic which he basically says he took the thing 's clothes off because he wanted to see if the body was accurate which it is . ''
in his own words ... first off the robot had clothes printed onto the plastic shells second off no ... . no it is not anatomically correct ...
here 's the thing that got to me he a knows this robot is possessed by a child and b knows this robot does not feel romantic attraction and c has only known this robot for a matter of about an in-game hour or 2 at this point as well as having just heard the tragic backstory of the child within it ...
things started to just not click right but luckily i thought of a way to alter the flow of the story to fit this ...
send the robot back to the location it was shipped from .
i made it pretty clear that this is how i wanted it to play out and tried to force it that way as much as possible completely forgetting at the time that the original arcade had burned to the ground leaving this single animatronic in the rubble ...
i finally got d to comply which was nice because my last ditch effort was to make the robot blackmail him into sending it back ...
i mean literally this robot dog has footage and recordings of this dude trying to make romantic moves as well as literally all of the security cams in the building so i could 've easily blackmailed him which would have been the final step before outright just banning him from ever playing with me again .
so d sends the robot back we skip ahead that way there 's no time jump .
d gets annoyed that he had to send the robot back and that he wanted to spend more time with it yadda yadda .
well i give him his wish ... with a twist .
in its time in the old location the spirit was finally able to be put to rest i explained this through an audio recording where the child talked and slowly turned to the robot 's voice explaining that the kid was set free and that the robot was just a walking piece of metal now .
d seemed unhappy about this but was at least happy to see the robot again ...
i called it quits there because i figured if i 'm gon na just leave this player from now on i may as well at least throw him a bone being mean to players is n't something i wan na do no matter how creepy they act towards a robot .
had i left it as a kid inside of the robot i totally would have left him unhappy there 's no excuse for that ... .
tl dr a dude tries to get luck with a robot that has the soul of a dead kid in it ends up upset that he ca n't do anything to a solid plastic body gets a robot that runs on code instead of actual human mind in the end .
u codes are related to communication issues between the various servers on the car .
there 's several other error codes but i think caused by u0073 .
any particular connector more prone to have an issue ?
mil occasionally does it and my husband 's aunt kept trying to force our daughter to eat with her right hand yesterday kept boasting about how she got her kids to swap from left to become right handed that way .
aside from the fact that out daughter is 2 so from my understanding has n't even developed handedness '' as such yet she 's just started to confidently eat by herself leave her the f alone and let her get on with it !
oh i 'm a teacher i know how difficult it is for left handed kids ! ''
like sure it 's probably annoying in a lot of ways but are we seriously still trying to change the way someones brain works when they are a freaking toddler because we have this idea that being right handed us better ?
leave her alone dammit i do n't care what hand she uses as long as she gets the job done and she switches back and forth still anyway !
our house has a living room that is down a single step from the hallway/entry way around it .
it is 100 inaccessible for the roomba unless i physically pick it up and place it in the sunken living room .
i 've tried multiple times to add a 2nd map in the app after manually placing the roomba in that room .
every time it merges this room with the main map .
presumably because the camera can see familiar furniture/walls/etc when it is in the sunken living room .
is there some way i can force the roomba to see this as a wholly separate space ?
if i do n't revert back to a map w/o this room a clean everywhere '' run tries to get into this room which it can not do .
it 's like the robot is smart enough to know where in the space of the house it is but too dumb to realize it can not possibly perform a 7 '' sheer vertical climb .
new to pc but silver on ow1 on console on support .
5 year old maltipoo neutered history of ibs symptoms was on prednisone for 2 years but we weaned him off when we found good diet about 3-4 months ago and daily metranidazole stabled him .
after i pressed her vet recommended get gi inflammation down first before doing thyroid testing .
how is that even possible it 's just over feeding ? ? ?
we talked with his primary vet a few weeks before that about giving him less food to help him lose weight .
we did n't realize we were giving him too much based on calculations .
he has some stomach inflammation we are treating but i am extremely skeptical of the vet dismissing it as us feeding him too much that 's a huge percent of his body weight ?
he has been a bit less active the past few weeks because he has had a back leg limp that we are trying to rest him for .
normal blood panel for liver etc and normal pancreatic test .
so i have recently given in birth like 9 months ago and idk if that 's important but ever since then i 've felt like an imposter in my own body .
i look back at old pictures of myself and it feels like the old me was an entirely different person that never existed .
kinda like i made up this person or skinned them .
i feel like an imposter in my own life if that makes sense .
by that i mean adaptation that goes further than a simgle half-season 12-13 episodes run and actually went to adapt the whole story without straying from the source material with fillers and/or original endings .
this simply my own observation so i have no concrete evidence .
i was born in the last half of the 90 's so i grew up with a few 2000 's anime .
there were much more local and american production on my local channels .
even anime that were translated in my language and available in certain countries did not play on my local channel and would only be available on the english ones .
and most of them anyway were animes with 26 to 52 or more episodes .
anime that adapt a media like video games among other things and/or follow their own original story lines from the get go are n't included pokémon digimon yo-kai watch some of the fate series etc .
in the early 2000 's and before there were more adaptation that would stray from the original source material with filler and as well as adaptations with only a single run but no complete story .
in the 2010 's it feels like there 's more single run adaptation and less filler content in anime except in the more popular long running franchises .
nowadays it seems there is more plan for complete anime adaptations albeit split in multiple half-season .
i wonder why such change has happened with anime production ?
if that was already the case before the 2010 's why do i only notice it now ?
is it just to cash in more on the most successfull media ?
yet it effects 10 of people across the globe !
imagine chronic migraine 100 or 1,000 years ago.there were no preventatives .
you would n't be able to function or work .
reproduction and raising offspring would not be a priority .
it seems logical that this condition would be selected against .
in genetics when a significant percentage of the population carries genes for a disease or disorder that means there is usually a beneficial side effect that is keeping that trait in the population ...
the increasing prevalence of migraine is easily a result of increased known triggers such as bright light loud noise altered sleep/wake patterns and emotional stress .
this is an example of mismatch theory which states that the current environment differs from the evolutionary environment of a particular trait .
tldr is modern life making us more prone to migraine ?
or is there some hidden genetic benefit to migraine we have n't discovered ?
i already asked this question in r/dropbox but so far no succes yet .
since yesterday dropbox does not seem to be working on opera browser .
is there anyone else who has the same issue or no ?
when i want to open any folder it just gives me the screen with the purple square with the target on it .
and the text something went wrong on our end ...
is this a dropbox error or does it have something to do with opera ?
another post on an ed board recently asked about size of binges related to calories .
a lot of times on these boards binges are vaguely described usually self-identified and it is unclear if it is in partnership with restriction thus balancing out calories for the day .
it 's helpful for me to frame my binges in a very clear manner and this is the way that i classify my behavior .
maybe it will help someone here to frame their own understanding of their eating habits .
i measure my binges based on how they compare to ones i 've had over the course of 30 years which includes not just calories but also feelings about the food chosen and loss of control .
minor binge eating high carb/sugar foods when i did n't want to .
300-600 calories once in a day on top of my regular daily planned food .
moderate binge eating an extra meal or food that was meant for other people usually with carbs or sugar and loss of control over a period of an hour or more .
these days usually involve alcohol which adds extra liquid calories as well .
around 1000 calories on top of regular daily planned food .
severe binge the fuck it '' day when i eat everything that i see crave and do n't care about the loss of control .
i feel on these days though not always physically hungry there is a hole that i am trying to fill usually from sadness loneliness or fear .
these severe binges last all day maybe a couple days sometimes and generally involve extremely high calorie meals multiple times a day .
apologies if this is n't the place for this .
i 've been playing gamma and loving it despite the number of things to wrap my head around .
i 've managed to find posts threads for most stuff either on here or on the gamma discord so have been getting on pretty well without having to ask too much .
however today i was looking at finally getting stuff repaired replaced and built etc and was trying to find out where i get certain materials from .
i was n't able to find anything online that indicates this but did find a post that states that the details '' section disaplays information on what items you receive when dismantling .
problem is when i look at details for items i do n't see that .
i posted in the discord and found there was someone else who had the same issue and it seems that know one on the discord knows how or even if this is something that can be fixed what is causing it .
this poses a bit of a problem for me as i 'm not sure what items i 'm going to need to break down search for to get items that i need .
just wanted to see if anyone else had experienced this and if anyone at all knows any kind of fix ?
really hindering me as i 'm just saving and breaking down everything with the hopes of finding what i need instead of targetting things that will give me what i need .
emrith arber xhekaj on joel edmundson he 's a good veteran guy that i try to model my game after '' https twitter.com/habsinhighheels/status/1588363268262973440 ? t=zvkl6uki0y_trd3hceh7ua s=19
emrith arber xhekaj on being paired with joel edmundson it 's great he can protect me now '' https twitter.com/habsinhighheels/status/1588363497720750080 ? t=erhpmqortuowtcysvypxsa s=19
emrith arber xhekaj on playing with joel edmundson usually i 'm the one getting in there but he 's stepping in front of me felt good man it 's like i 've got his back he 's got mine and we 're both pretty big guys and it 's probably not fun to play in the corners against us .
emrith joel edmundson on getting involved physically in his first game back it was nice to bang some bodies out there and get into it that 's one of the things i missed the most about hockey .
emrith joel edmundson on what he 's seen from this year 's team we 're in every game could n't say the same about last year but i feel like we 're in every game and we 're battling ... the chemistry in the locker room is definitely carrying over to the ice ... '' https twitter.com/habsinhighheels/status/1588365629844774913 ? t=wj9fy7tme0gp6zewafmftw s=19
emrith nick suzuki on joel edmundson arber xhekaj being like the bash brothers yeah it 's a big pairing !
teams do n't really want to play against those two guys so if they stick together it 's going to be pretty aggressive and physical '' https twitter.com/habsinhighheels/status/1588369404567453700 ? t=fcclb2rulu0lpze82f0d_q s=19
emrith martin st-louis on arber xhekaj jacko is a hockey player .
there 's a big difference between a kid who plays hockey and a hockey player jacko is a hockey player .
emrith martin st-louis on his unsuccessful coach 's challenge 'i 'm due to win one so i feel like the law of averages will help me .
right now i 'm 0-2 ... did i win one ?
i think i 'm 0-2 i 'm due for a win '' https twitter.com/habsinhighheels/status/1588367840582721536 ? t=a7jjqhetnbmt_x_qevv7va s=19
emrith new arber xhekaj nickname from habs head coach martin st-louis jacko '' https twitter.com/habsinhighheels/status/1588366227382181888 ? t=wml0wknr2g2ehbxgupownw s=19
so as a brown person for some reason i only find white women attractive i do n't know if this is a fetish or not .
but the sad thing is that all the women that i like or even consider attractive do n't like me at all .
also i would n't even consider myself ugly as many of my friends say that i 'm good-looking but they 're just not attracted to me .
and it 's not to do with my attitude i talk with women a lot and many of my friends are women and i 'm not a d\*\*\*head who treats people like
so i 've resorted to the fact that there 's just not a lot of women in my area or in general that are attracted to brown men and that an interracial relationship probably wo n't be possible for me .
i am targeting these 3 tv 's on blackfriday .
i get analysis paralysis whenever i want to work on my nails and just end up not doing anything .
edit ya 'll i love you and your wild adhd minds but i was hoping to figure out how to decide what to do with my nails in the first place .
i do n't have nail designs to change as it is xd
hello good evening i have a small question silly i have the location indicator that is next to the time permanently i wanted to know if it is activated or not if it can affect the battery life of the time ?
i 've been needing to take a break for a while now and yesterday when i had a bad anxiety attack and already felt shitty and sick i decided why not just lean in and go ahead with the break now .
sticking to a no-2-days rule and trying to work on my replacement habits and hobbies .
just yapping about woman 's choice would n't change anybody 's mind on that issue because anti choicers would more often than not see it as a confirmation of their views that the only women who have abortions are irresponsible whores who deserve it anyway as abortion storylines generally i 'm not talking exclusively about grey 's anatomy often do n't portray actual ramifications of abortion bans .
civilized world knows them and that 's why abortion is legal there .
and this storyline of bailey and addison failing to save woman from ruptured ectopic pregnancy because doctors from her state were too worried was just amazing .
it 's harsh tragic sad dramatic cruel but above all absolutely realistic .
i was worried about overdoing abortion storylines this season but this one was just perfect .
has anyone else had issues with nhl center ice recently ?
it was working to start the season but now it does n't work .
called 2x and did online chat but no one can solve this .
before i cancel wanted to see if others had issue/fix .
i was told to go to the xfinity store but they ca n't do anything ... makes no sense .
mobile app says i 'm not subscribed despite i paid for nhl center ice .
2nd tcl roku xfinity app gives me an error code of tvapp 00116
i wanted to start getting serious i 've been playing p5 have n't reached absrad yet but want to beat p5 and wondered how many people beat p5 hitless before so that when i finally do beat it with some hits i can start to look and analyze their strategies and know who to take advice from .
so i have most of the 7 '' singles they put out for their first 'singles club ' collection .
all up on my ebay store here https www.ebay.co.uk/usr/dawnofwar52 and open for offers accepted prices listed
another copy of the bad blood single signed fingerprinted by the band .
there 's also a cd of their first ever release 'laura palmer ep ' £150 which i bought at one of their early gigs at moles club in bath uk .
all £5.95 for uk shipping or use ebay international .
i was actually fortunate enough to meet the guys a couple of times .
nurys ' is one of the few current representations of el salvador in pop culture right now .
this is such a specific post but just cool to see someone on one of my favorite shows since childhood with the same cultural background .
there is n't too much representation for central america out there in the media or pop culture in general 🇸🇻
i have two queries using the keep command on both and then using union to join the data for final output to a bar graph using grafana for the graphing .
i would like to sort the data the value '' but ca n't seem to make any headway .
before going further is it even possible to use sort along with keep and union commands ?
so today my father took me to get my hair and makeup done for a graduation photo shoot .
i did n't know the exact price of the hair and makeup but i looked at the website of the prices and i estimated it to be about 150 .
when it was done i was told it would be 210 .
i get in the car and then he starts screaming at me saying that i spend all of my parents money and that im a spoiled brat .
we 've had discussions about finances before my parents do n't want me getting a job as they want me to focus on school and i ca n't drive yet .
anyways i mention to my father in a bit of anger that if he does n't like this i can just move out and he wo n't have to worry about finances anymore .
he gets even more upset and angry and starts screaming about me punching the steering wheel repeatedly while i plead for him to stop and calm down that i was sorry for even saying anything or spending the money .
he started braking rapidly on the road scaring me even more and even doing it as i 'm crying just to scare me more and more .
he tells me that im spoiled ungrateful that i do n't even do anything around the house i do everything they ask me to while maintaining good grades and college acceptances and it 's still never good enough for them and that if i really wan na leave them to just go and live with my partner that my partner and their family is brainwashing me and that i 'm a bitch .
i keep on apologizing while this is going on .
maybe i 'm in the wrong for not being more appreciative ?
but i thank them and i 'm never really a physically affectionate person so i do n't really give them hugs which could be the problem .
i do n't know all i know was that i was scared shitless i was crying and shaking for him to stop and calm down .
when we arrived to the place for the photos he makes me get out of the car .
i received a call from my mom asking why i do n't just go and hug him to make things right and calm him down and how his anger is just in his blood .
i refused to hug him because i was super scared and i had to go up to the photographer with tears in my eyes explaining that i just got into an argument with my dad and sitting down for 30 minutes just to cry it all out .
i texted my mom and my dad telling my dad to just go home and not take me home after the pictures as i was super scared of him at this point and did n't wan na talk to him .
he leaves and my partners family picks me up after the photo shoot .
i 'm conflicted i feel like everything he said was true and that i 'm truly ungrateful .
i do love my parents but they hurt me so bad sometimes .
i never intend on spending money heck even my dad buys me things randomly and then yells at me later for being ungrateful and not loving them .
i feel like money is always used against me like i do n't love them enough .
they buy me things and call me ungrateful for not saying i love them 24/7 when i tell them it at least once a day .
i feel like no matter what they do they 'll always see me as ungrateful and lazy .
let 's say you ca n't etam after your second semester freshman year because you could not pass a math class like math 152 so you q-drop it .
can you still register for idis classes like idis 240 or stat 201 or istm 209 ?
or will i be required to take them twice ?
i 'm trying to figure out monthly payments for vtb that would be paid back in 2 years .
as the title says i need a laptop to replace my current broken one .
the lenovo only lasted 2.5 years before the touchpad stopped working and a few months later the keyboard stopped working .
total budget in local currency and country of purchase .
please do not use usd unless purchasing in the us
up to 1700 100 if it makes a difference usd
how would you prioritize form factor ultrabook 2-in-1 etc .
the more portable the better not a deal breaker .
if you 're gaming do you have certain games you want to play ?
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
currently would be using for basic computer needs however my ramp up to ux design shortly .
faz muito tempo e agora chegou o dia de ver se tudo vai ocorrer como o esperado .
quem vai averiguar tudo vai ser a aika desde que falei sobre isso ela ficou toda animada .
só espero que dessa vez funcione se ocorrer algum problemas com as peças eu posso trocar elas de tempo e tempos até porque varias pessoas jogam elas fora quando viram obsoletas .
eu as recupero e uso nos meus mecanismos ou até mesmo na produção de proptoses .
podem não ser superiores porem é melhor uma prótese básica e de graça do que nada .
muitas pessoas não tem condição de pagar aquelas de ultimas geração .
usarei a programação feita por alguns colegas farei testes de respostas e construirei um corpo para esse primeiro ser '' irei registrar outras coisas nesse lugar além de minhas pesquisas .
espero que gostem do meu trabalho irei tentar manter contato em um lugar chamado twitch '' lá conseguirei conversar com todos que quiserem me acompanhar além de meus relatos aqui .
just wanted to introduce you to an amazing project !
astrospherenft is a new gaming dao coming to solana .
holders gain access to exclusive giveaways gaming tournaments community game nights and connections to other projects !
the astrosphere explorers trailing 2 points to 3 in the the 79th minute .
apollo charges down field into a clearing the center passes him the ball .
a slide tackle gone wrong brings apollo to the turf the medical staff rushes onto the field as cards are issued .
his leg was f*ked there was no way he could finish the game .
ushered off the field on a stretcher it was up to the others to continue the hunt for victory .
some were fueled in rage but the majority had lost their momentum .
read the rest of the story follow apollo 's path to victory in their discord server !
they will be launching at the end of july .
they host huge give aways for free solana nfts promotions and events !
check out their page for all of their official links .
therapy didnt do shit for me i feel even worse im about to hang myself my parents dont understand shit they would only understand if i was dying or dead they put down on my stupid fucking mychart '' that i had major depressive disorder and suspected ptsd caused from my stupid father and friends i c3t myself and i cant keep going someone help please
the cheerful but clumsy college student rika encounters constant misfortune in her normal life .
when a missing report forces her to break the school 's rule against setting foot on campus after 9 pm things take a turn for the worse .
she soon finds herself under attack by an evil spirit known as a djinn !
fortunately ganda the night defender comes to her rescue .
to show her gratitude she decides ... read ganda night defender chapter 32 mangapuma .
using feminist and/or gender theory write an essay about how any one of the novelists we 've studied in this paper represents gender .
the text is the mill on the floss by george eliot .
a place for members of r/xoilwars to chat with each other
the beta will be a set of 1:1 usability tests
the usability test will be a user interview where i understand the participant 's needs by asking about their experience doing product discovery then proceed to asking them to perform some actions based on a predefined product and scenario like
setup a research study to test those assumptions are valid or not
prototype and test some solutions based on the user journey and research findings
i made it to floor 6 or 7 in ag endless but when i die in the overview at the end there ist no mention on how many floors i survived and the counter is stuck at 4 .
start from 5 even though i already beat floor 5 .
i saw in some videos that people used tea leaves to create a very good looking forest base but i was wondering if the tea leaves would wilt away or even rot ?
i have a 2006 v6 mustang that i was running a little bit hard today but nothing close to the red line .
when i was driving home the fuel light suddenly came on and the gauge dropped to zero .
i was a couple blocks away from my house so i drove it home and inspected the rear and the engine bay and did n't see anything leaking .
looking for a straight guy who likes to have their cock worshiped .
walk into my place take off everything but your underwear sit back on my couch and let me go to work until you shoot you can watch porn too if you prefer i an also cd .
i would log in every few days re-up their labor and then log back off .
my desired system wouldnt be centrally planned an overall hypercentralised like the bolshevik experiments were .
sounds like a cute little slice of life sit com
yeah i had a promo for 235 trips for 3600 to return .
reddit and tiktok both had me convinced that infertility is way more common than it is .
i spent some time on the tfab sub and it seemed like pretty much everyone there was struggling with it in some way .
i was convinced that once we started trying it would take a long time and then i 'd almost definitely have a mc or some other horrible thing happen .
i got pregnant on the second try and now i 'm 19 weeks with no problems so far other than fucking horrible morning sickness that lasted until 13 weeks .
it totally seems like social media groups geared toward having babies is a magnet for people who struggle and need support regardless of whether the group is for infertility or not .
it occurred to me a while ago that people who are happily going through these experiences are probably less likely to take the time to post about it unless they generally have anxiety about it like me 😅
i am interested in helping and playing and btw is the server cracked ?
i will have a dinner cocktail or wine on the rare occasion we go out .
but it 's cheaper and easier to not drink .
they can be bad play calls that are also executed poorly .
it does n't have to be one or the other .
you can also check if your school does individualized study .
almost all do as long as you get permission from two departments to create your major .
in this case you would petition the biology and psychology departments to do that .
i know a lot about the community college university premed system from different counselors at different schools so if you need a hand i 'm happy to help !
did n't moe the bartender also say that he was half armenian in that episode with lady gaga ?
i have been a month clean from smoking from pmo smoking weed vaping and a couple weeks off caffeine .
i just assume the flatline is my body resetting back to base settings and we just got ta wait it out .
i wish i had some libido right now though .
honestly i have no motivation for much of anything but here 's some things that have been helping me not feel so depressed .
getting sunlight as soon as i wake up and throughout the day
yes the standard base class can still take kinetic blade it just take until level 5 i think ?
so standard kineticist can have higher ac especially if dipping monk and still sue the blade infusion
you would be carrie underwood if she was a liberal
that 's the problem if empty calories cost this much— healthy food is priced out of reach .
we have several sc miter saws at our shop and i can pull each out of square by pulling the saw a little to the side during a cut .
mi have to teach the guys to pull straight .
totally ca n't wait for the 50 playoffs bad '' posts a day !
this entire thread is just a bunch of horny bears fans
until we know it 's all speculation and potential manipulation .
warren buffet is old af and could die tomorrow driving prices down but people still invest in berkshire .
if they do hold some algorand it 's likely a few hundred million dollars worth or a few billion but not enough to tank the price more than 10-20 which hey idgaf about that .
call me when tether announces insolvency or coinbase dies .
until then it 's just another sunday enjoy it .
i 'm pretty sure there 's nothing wrong with tetsucabra monstie as a lore but camcom blueballing us with actual monstie tetsucabra in rise was evil .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
the amount of flags i seen on that play is crazy
methylation disorders also play a role is my guess .
i have one and thought i had parkinson 's until i got treated for it .
lol the episode where he wears all chandlers clothes is my favorite of those costumes
i think you summed it all up when you said he is an abusive pos .
why would a conversation about children be any different .
my mother has done this same thing to me since my late 20s and i 'm 42 and never caved .
in the end no one can take away what you choose because it 's your right and you are not a minor .
sorry if these are noob questions i just have n't done much research on it yet .
did n't even know it was out ... and anyway if it is an epic exclusive it 's a hard no .
i do n't have half an hour to waste awaiting the launcher to open every time i wan na play a game .
on windows you can actually do gpu partitioning where you give some percentage of your gpu to a guest os .
as to your manjato install failing i 'm not sure its a gpu pass through problem .
try a different distro and see if you have better luck or try to search for a specific error message .
those white cakes are the reason why i ca n't get roommates anymore .
they always make like 3 of them a day .
i would really enjoy having roommates i do n't play myself but it 's just annoying af .
really odd but that is one of those hypothetical situations that terrifies me .
i always seem to push off pain or sickness and i 'm afraid i 'd do the same when the symptoms start showing up .
a single miss is n't sorry it 's unfortunate .
yeah we apparently had no gameplan for the weather nw did .
our guys did n't want to be there nw showed up day was a little stubborn nw came out in wild cat going for it on 4th down yada yada .
i like using it and similar apps as a side method to make sure i get some practice every day even when i wo n't have time to sit down and practice with my textbook or my workbook .
it 's already november and my hometown should have a noticeable amount of snow yet the weather barely goes below zero celsius and keeps hovering at either 2 or 3 .
everything is gray it 's depressing as hell also we got a surge in september where nights were around 20 celsius .
yes bc it 's the park cranston east kids use for gym and sports practices since there is n't any outdoor space on the east campus
it 's also the only outdoor space in that neighborhood
it might change every time you plug it in .
it 's known that drugs and diseases can be racist and that level of care can be hindered by what group is normally in an area .
i always feel going to the dr is like going to a statistician .
based on what 's going in the area and or age it 's most likely ... blank .
the idea ai would choose to treat someone negatively seems less on the program and more on the company that let it go to market .
people just want to find a reason to be scared of ai
at least you can leverage your trauma to become an edge of tomorrow-esque killing machine
there is no way to skip the daily spawn pokémon in bdsp .
maybe it 's not the fact that she 's a slut and that she 's probably mentally unstable if she 's also self-harming that 's causing her crash and burn issues .
in this kind of perspective eve is the primordial hero of mankind .
it 's not war crimes if it 's to protect and serve
twitter already is a cesspool of hate and toxicity .
it 's not gon na get any worse people are just freaking out becuase tesla man bad 😡
9888 65039 announcement from reddit rpan is ending nov 15th .
you will have until dec 3rd to request your old streams before they go away .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thegamerlounge if you have any questions or concerns .
i think people also would want to know style .
classic rock metal appalachian blue grass country old time fiddle style classical etc ... ..
and to think that today the gop would label reagan as a rino .
there was an option with prime for in home delivery and it was fine .
i 've been stoked about everything i 've seen so far .
any issues one or the other has its both of your issues if you truly love each other .
everything is shared between you both in a relationship in my opinion .
the happiness is shared the sadness is shared etc etc .
i think you need to have a proper conversation with her about this and how you are feeling and go from there .
if she does n't want to talk or she does n't care then in my eyes she clearly is n't in love with you as much and you love her .
right which in theory should lower oil prices or in this case petroleum on a global scale because it is a global market .
i am anti embargo/tariff/trade restrictions but i am for them when the highest bidder for our oil we desperately need is from a country that is anti-american .
especially when the highest bid just makes the oil price go up in this situation .
fun fact over 100 of our q3 gdp was from exports of oil and weapons ... not great
my birthday is tomorrow and i wished for this early .
i was going to joke it was because taylor swift is skipping fedex field in her upcoming stadium tour
he can break the president in two with his bare hands
i thought i somehow did something wrong as it ca n't hold itself up .
it 's propped up with two wires and yarn !
i do n't know if you have tried this method in the past but pretend to be happy to yourself and to other people .
i do n't know if it will always work .
if you really need to say/write it you can write me a dm or some other people here .
so this is what la forge sees under those visors .
i recommend you to stick to normal for a while
tip if you want better graphics use reshade its not a addon
tip 2 use nvidia freestyle if you have a nvidia graphics card
i think he was also one who offloaded the majority if not all of his shares at the coin peak right after the ipo .
i did n't truly sleep for the first 3 months .
i do n't count passing out for 2-3 hours every couple of days as real sleep .
yeah arlington is urban planning gone right and fairfax is urban planning gone wrong
me going from 5 to 19 karma in the course of like 30 mins iconic 😭
if being a racist does n't take away your support for her then you are a racist if being a homophobe does n't take away your support for her you are also a homophobe .
either stop supporting racists and homophobes or own up to being one and shut up when called out on it .
they do n't have to trim their nails when they finger a pussy .
i doubt valve will bring alyx to consoles but maybe i 'm wrong since they got portal on switch .
i 'd love to play alyx on the psvr2 .
and what i 'm saying why does it have to be marriage your wife does n't need a ring to amplify you .
you do n't have to be single you can be in a relationship i 'm saying the marriage contract is slanted and the men gets almost nothing in return for entering it whereas the woman if a divorce was to happen she instantly has a claim to your stuff where if you as a man were to say you wanted her car you 'd get told to fuck off .
it 's not even they split it right down the middle and then give her the better half as jerry reed said .
though if you do n't get married you do n't have to have that mess of a split happens there are common purchases to be sorted out but that 's it .
technically your penis size is the same you just see more of it .
as far as getting thicker i think that 's because of increased blood flow .
fuck anushka she did n't even had a bikini figure
someone notify the hoa dead bodies are bad for property values .
it 's a shame it was taking that way .
it 's my understanding that is how most of them operate .
you get a trespass charge which is a fine .
i 'm going to break it down for you .
not only is luna autistic she has an intellectual disability .
you are not equipped to give her what she needs to meet her full potential .
it is not an admission of defeat to recognize you do not have the training to help her .
people would admire you and engage with you more if you started doing the right thing for your child .
you would get the praise that you desperately crave because you 're getting luna the help she needs .
so stop trying to get followers on pinterest and use that same energy to line up therapies for your daughter .
if you get it and want to ditch the cranks let me know !
finrod gave a good accounting of himself in their song duel though he ultimately lost and luthien stunned him long enough for huan to attack successfully .
i do n't know what to do after this stage .
she was performing in canada just a couple nights before very well may just have been unavailable lol
if veneers fail or are otherwise not satisfactory to the patient what are the patient 's options placing crowns on the affected teeth ?
then it 's going to be germany 1920s level sanctions .
oh gosh now i 'm gon na binge the next few episodes 😭
walt was holding her hostage after she explicitly told him she wanted a divorce effectively breaking up with him .
yeah quite little if you think about how big they get !
i 've got maybe 12-15 pairs from them and there are only 2 ish that i do n't like they are correct i just do n't like the fit .
but at 15 30 a pair it 's worth the risk you just order a few
i would be so productive if i could master sleep walking to the point i could call it an activity .
another hydro xingui or yelan energy recharge hydro appli sub dps
bro can we have this in another changed like changed evolved or something like that
we 've been talking about how the left is ruining this country '' like nonstop for the past couple months with maybe a handful of the right also a little cringe too sometimes i guess '' and not a word about the midterms or anything .
seems a little tone deaf of a time to be going on this concern troll crusade against woke culture '' .
handing out ndas to the help '' that you 're dipping the company ink in is what brought down vince mcmahon .
this is my biggest pet peeve in people now .
i would honestly rather have no one in my life than deal with people like this .
what 's the point of keeping someone in my life if they have no interest in it ?
people like this just want an audience not friends .
i was trying but it would n't upload for me i 'll try to find it somewhere else to read them
reality slash ca n't even deal with armour made of corpses ...
main thing would be the amount of researchers you get per planet if you never upgrade .
a planet has 12 building slots 3 for capital holo-theatre and research center you get 9 science labs so 18 researchers per planet and each of them is making say 25 total research around 100 bonus thats 450 research per planet .
if you want more than 450 research you 'd need to colonize another planet .
unless you 're conquering 10 habitable planets is a lot of planets to dedicate to tech by mid-game since you probably wo n't have very good research to get terraforming quickly since you 're only relying on maybe 2-3 tech planets .
aside from the need for large amounts of planets the other benefit of upgrading over colonizing new planets is speed .
when you 're in a competitive setting how fast you can tech up is really important since getting protons and cruisers before any other players means you win the game or getting to star fortresses or citadels sooner can mean the difference between holding off a high difficulty ai genocidal .
to get your tech planets you need to survey and actually find those planets build the outpost to them and then build and send the colony ship to them then wait for colonization .
in a game where faster tech snowballs into faster tech/better military/stronger economy a slow start like that can be brutal and put you behind other players/ai empires which is why rolling gas techs is a huge headache for a lot of players since it 's the only thing blocking you from spiking research and getting to that sub-10 month research speed .
tldr colonizing planets to create researcher jobs without needing gas is more efficient yes but usually puts you too far behind in the tech game for it to be remotely worth it .
11in around at the head 12.5in around at the thickest part of the shaft !
so many said this about david bell and calling scouts wrong while the devy community shouted otherwise during the cfb season .
i do n't think jsn is going to be david bell but it 's clear people might want to adjust expectations on him .
typically it would be some kind of neutral oil if you 're using it for perfumery or aromatherapy but it does n't really matter .
the problem is when you want to for example take a specific book out it might work on pc but how would it work on phones for example ?
there would probably need to be some gui added for that .
this is ridiculous are movies supposed to provide an ungraded version in case you do n't like their color choices ?
i went to both catholic elementary school and high school .
my experience was very positive and i felt like the teachers curriculum and fellow students were extremely focused on pursuing post-secondary education university college .
i liked wearing a uniform not having to worry about buying new clothes to fit in .
however i used to get super jealous when i heard about the classes that public schools got ... like auto shop woodworking home ec architectural drafting etc .
it 's okay though because some of my favourite classes were fine arts pottery illustration law philosophy music and programming .
not everyone finds it enjoyable to have an animal twice their size pin them to the floor i can understand how that could be confusing to someone who does though .
it is telling that the leave the boy alone he 's fine '' attitude often coexists with obliviousness as to why an abused orphan would dump strychnine in the well besides some devilish predilection specific to orphans .
it looks like a low-poly model from a videogame that will get more detailed once you walk closer to it .
at least on steam it probably did n't help that the review score for iceborne is n't very good due to technical issues that were really only present at launch and much later on people who were really angry about alatreon .
last time i checked iceborne was sitting at mixed despite how much of an improvement it was from the base game .
i honestly just feel like he did n't get the joke jokes are never funny while the other person explains them lol
if a gay man sees a guy on a dating site it means that guy is gay .
if op says he saw this kid on a dating site he 's outing the kid unless the parents have absolutely no critical thinking skills .
stfu bitch you wish you could be in the groupchate that has both cb666 nd relative memory .
you fucking wish you could be part of this orgy but you def hav a roast beaf cooter if female or micropenis if male .
this was a short series originally created for the ytv jr. block for its launch in fall 1998 around the same time as fuzzpaws '' nanalan ' '' pet squad '' and my special book '' .
it moved to treehouse tv ytv 's preschool-oriented sister channel in october 2000 .
it usually played on there after little bear '' .
the show moved back to ytv in september 2001 but began airing only sporadically by early 2002 .
it did n't play at all in fall 2002 except during christmas a couple times but then began airing regularly again in january or february 2003 and then sporadically from april to september 2003 then one airing each in october 2003 july 2004 and september 2004 .
if you do n't remember it it had a man peter oldring in season 1 or a woman jessica holmes in season 2 acting like a small child and there was apparently no dialogue .
apparently the titular character also had a spinner hat as well .
if you remember this or have any recordings please let me know .
while i love seeing lots of posts about ben simmons and doc rivers i am feeling like there may be other communities out there that i 'm unaware of that could give a bit more variety of content to talk about .
basically i 'd like to widen my sixers bubble a little bit and i do n't even know what places exist other than this subreddit .
for those of you that have found other online homes for your sixers fandom what sites or communities do you go to these days ?
i 'm in na and i really wanted to have a mona-inspired spot preferably interior but exterior is ok too !
does n't have to be mona specific either anything witchy works !
i know personal performance also counts so i 'd like to know what are the things i need to look out for in my player stats in-game to make my matches count .
so far i went from bronze 5 then after 7 or so matches it 's bronze 2 then bronze 3 then bronze 2 .
the tanks that i use are roadhog zarya reinhardt and sigma .
so this is my first time ever posting on reddit but i genuinely need help and i 'm very curious at what 's going on with me .
i 'm sorry if my post is riddled with any spelling issues or grammar issues i am dyslexic .
i have had many paranormal experiences in my life from as common is seeing shadows dart around to seeing something hanging over my boyfriend in his sleep .
it is to the point where it is a common joke with my friends and family how often i see spirits .
when i was a kid i used to be a little bit more skeptical and i would mess around with ouija boards all the time and play any kind of paranormal game that was out there .
before then i never really saw or experienced anything paranormal .
after playing all those games when i was younger however now i see spirits all the time .
this is just to give a little background this is not really the issue that i need help with i have seen ghosts and spirits many times and never really been scared .
however over the past year i 've seen a new spirit that i have never seen before and it terrifies me .
one night i was up late playing the sims on my computer as one does and something catches my eye through my peripherals .
when i look at it i saw this lady hanging from the ceiling on all fours .
the best way to explain her appearance is something similar to the girl from the grudge but all black .
now this is n't one of those situations where it was super dark in my room and my eyes just saw and made up something in the shadows .
my room has a bathroom in it and i had that bathroom light on and the door open .
i saw her in between the opening of that bathroom door and my room she was crawling in my room very slowly but i saw her moving in a crawling motion .
after she had caught my eye i stared at her for a couple seconds and then looked back at my game pretending i did n't see anything this is usually what i do if i have seen some kind of spirit in my room .
a couple seconds after me staring at my game i hear some thing whisper hey in my ear .
after being scared shitless i run downstairs and decide to sleep in my baby brothers room .
the rest of the night i heard footsteps pounding on top of me from upstairs .
i 've only seen her maybe four times since then and it is nothing like the first time she does not speak to me .
but it still terrifies me and i can not sleep without lights on in my room and the bathroom door closed .
does someone have any recommendations for what this creature may be and why she 's following me .
is there a way to use a resourcepack commands and/or even mods to play a video in fullscreen whenever a command block is activated ?
it would be preferable if there could be multiple videos and it would play from the start when the command block is activated .
loving the game so far but i was reading that the single player and non dedicated ocean is outdated .
is it missing the portals ect or am i just reading malarkey ?
mainly video but i also do some fashion and portrait photography .
clearly lumix is cheaper but is it really worth it to invest in the canon with only one lens ?
the drive to the chalet takes more than three hours from the closest airport .
the last hour is spent going up and down winding roads the snow growing thicker the panorama more beautiful .
when the friends finally reach their destination the view is simply breathtaking .
the log cabin sits on the side of a mountain nothing but nature all around .
it is cold and the crisp air seems to make everything around as if made out of crystal .
the inside of the place purchased by the family of one of them was the complete opposite .
there were bedrooms for all of them at least if they were willing to share .
they had come to have a weekend away from it all .
to get drunk have a party talk the day away .
there simply was nowhere to hide save the bedroom and the bath .
they were going to be stuck together for an entire weekend .
as you might have guessed this is a plot inspired by cliche college movies .
some friends out in a cabin having a party weekend .
what happens at the cabin is entirely up to us .
i imagine it as a fun prompt that can even move towards silly porn logic .
no ghosts no magic no kidnappings or any of that sort .
just a good old fashioned weekend out turning steamier with every hour .
i would love to hear your ideas for this .
but be warned i have a thing for either real characters with quirks and regular bodies .
or we have to adjust this to include celebrities or tv show characters .
i am not looking for a bunch of non-descript models just having an orgy in a chalet .
if there ist still somebody left after this disclaimer i would love to hear from you .
i have made my implementation of minigrep https github.com/niteuwu/minigrep with my current knowledge of rust .
can you give me your opinion and suggestions or criticisms ?
a place for members of r/devongw to chat with each other
i am a bit new to the game and right now i am playing sweden
i have a militancy problem in norway norwegian rebels and i 'm not sure how to eliminate them .
i have fought a battle against them and won but it says in my government menu can not enact social reforms or political reforms '' i assume this is because rebels are still organizing ?
i have low tariffs and taxes lots of social spending etc. but it seems like rebels are always organizing if i ca n't enable reforms what do i do ?
audibene world-leading hearing care company in berlin is currently looking for several roles in tech marketing
feel free to check out more details in our career page https karriere.audibene.de https karriere.audibene.de
feeling pretty burnt out and demotivated ... what can i do with my skills in a different role ?
edit thanks for the advice everyone really appreciate it !
i was having a bad day yesterday for sure .
from u of t double major in human biology and history with a low ending gpa as i was dealing with multiple health conditions .
i 'd like to know some info tips hacks from people who have gone back to college in their 30s and 40s having a stable job but no partner .
just old parents who will soon need my support .
i 'm currently making 57k/yr and have a little condo in scarb .
being extremely frugal i 'm able to save 500/mo for retirement .
despite that i am dreaming of going back at least part time for a diploma in either civil engineering technology or software development or something similar .
i have small disabilities standing/walking/lifting restrictions and adhd diagnosed by a medical professional and medicated .
my brain longs for more stimulation than my safe dead-end job and i would also be able to make enough money to enjoy life a little and save more for retirement .
i 'm very scared of going in debt to go back to school after a first useless degree .
i ca n't see beyond the hopeless wall of barely making it in a tough place to live .
i 'm curious on how difficult it is to scan a frame to an stl file and then hybrid two stl files .
what i 'd like to end up with is a glock 30x '' where the top part is the compact 30 length with the 21 grip for 13+1 .
i 've been working on modifying a 21 stl file but have run into some snags .
i do n't have a g30 frame to scan but was curious as to how that works .
💵 1,000,000 nitro will be given away to 1,000 winners !
💥hold 20,000 coinscope and you 'll be given priority as a winner or use your personal referral link 3 or more times💥
💰 see how you can join here https www.coinscope.co/coin/nitro/airdrop https www.coinscope.co/coin/nitro/airdrop
solana sol has been one of the tokens hit by the ftx decline in the last few days .
given ftx 's exposure to the token and the fact that they hold a sizable position it has suffered a massive decline in tandem with the ftt token .
the token has already lost more than 50 of its value since the weekend .
however the bloodbath may not be over for sol holders as some developments come to light .
even with the market already being oversaturated with sell-offs there is more sol scheduled to be put into circulation .
previously the solana epoch 370 was scheduled to release about 90 million sol into the market before the team intervened but there is still a sizable amount of tokens left to be unlocked .
in less than 10 minutes from now epoch 370 shows a deactivating stake of around 30 million sol to be unlocked https solanacompass.com/validators/change ? epoch=370 .
once this happens it will flood the market with tens of millions of tokens into a space with already diminished demand .
30 million sol set to be unlocked source solana compass https solanacompass.com/validators/change ? epoch=370 now previously the whales whose token unlocks have happened would re-stake some or all of the tokens but that was when the price of sol was still high and the market remained strong .
with so many shorting the market and sol prices expected to fall lower it is likely that the owner of these tokens would sell their tokens instead of staking them once more .
the impact of this unlock could be catastrophic for the price of the digital asset .
think single-digit sol prices for the first time in more than a year .
the bears will likely continue to hold the market hostage dragging the price of sol and others down with it .
sol price falls to 16 source solusd on tradingview.com http tradingview.com solana has already been kicked out of the top 10 largest cryptocurrencies by market cap since it began its decline .
the token now sits at the 13th spot with a market cap of 5.5 billion .
if these tokens being unlocked find their way to the open market it could be another red day for the digital asset .
sol price is down 24 in the last 24 hours and 10 in the last hour .
on a 7-day period its price is already down 55 to be trading at 14.11 at the time of this writing according to data from coinmarketcap .
featured image from crypto news chart from tradingview.com follow best owie on twitter https twitter.com/bestowie for market insights updates and the occasional funny tweet ...
in this blog post you will find winter care tips that pregnant women should know .
these come from a gp who has worked with pregnant people for years and knows all the common worries concerns and ailments to look out for !
there are a few things pregnant women can do to make winter care easier and ensure their health and their baby 's health .
dehydration is a common problem during winter exacerbated by cold weather fatigue and lack of sunlight .
drink eight glasses of fluids daily including bouillon or broth fruit juices pedialyte drinks and water .
wear layers and clothes that cover your whole body .
if you must go outside in severe weather conditions wear a hat scarf gloves and boots .
and remember that wind chill can be deadly – dress as warmly as possible !
avoid over-the-counter cold medicines unless prescribed by your doctor .
these medicines can contain acetaminophen tylenol which can harm an unborn baby if taken in high doses .
instead take over-the-counter pain relievers like ibuprofen advil or naproxen aleve .
consult your doctor about any specific precautions you need to take during winter weather .
if you are pregnant and living in a cold climate it is important to start worrying about winter .
pregnant women should take extra care to protect their health in the cold weather by wearing hats coats and gloves .
they should also make sure they have enough warm clothing and blankets .
pregnant women should also be aware of the dangers of exposure to frigid temperatures .
exposure to extreme cold can cause frostbite or hypothermia .
pregnant women should avoid going outside if it is freezing rain or snowing hard and they should keep an eye on their neighbours who may be in more danger than they are .
please see your doctor if you feel you are becoming too ill to tolerate the cold weather .
you may need to stay indoors during colder months to prevent serious health problems .
is there anything that can help me deal with the cold ?
if you 're pregnant your body is preparing to undergo a major change .
that means your immune system will be weakened making you susceptible to colds and other illnesses .
here are some tips for winter care that will help you stay healthy during this time
during the first trimester of pregnancy your body is still trying to grow and develop so you 'll need more sleep than usual .
during the second and third trimesters your body has started to adjust to the new weight and responsibility so you 'll likely get by with less sleep .
but make sure to get at least seven hours of sleep each night !
eating a balanced diet will help keep your energy levels up throughout winter .
make sure to include plenty of fruits vegetables and whole grains in your meals as these foods are high in vitamins and minerals that can help fight illness .
when it 's cold outside it 's even colder inside your body !
make sure to drink plenty of fluids daily to stay hydrated and avoid getting sick .
try drinking warm liquids instead of hot ones to avoid heating your blood vessels which can increase inflammation in the body another reason staying warm is important !
it 's important to wear multiple layers when it 's cold outside to keep yourself physically and emotionally warm !
immunity becomes low in winter so caring more is important .
also ask gp for pregnancy near me https drkavitamaravar.com.au about winter caring tips .
celebrating the american independence day means you are celebrating 4th july .
it 's better to send some quotes along with happy 4th of july images .
i saw somebody taking out literal verses of the quran and comments screamed islamaphobia thatwe will see on judgement day etc .
i will never tolerate a hatred towards all muslims because many literally just tryna get by and dont deserve shit said to them .
are we not allowed to dislike or openly express a dislike towards anything anymore ?
why is it suddenly bombarded with islamaphobia when somebody disses islam .
i thought we were allowed an opinion lmao and besides hating a religion and its believers are two seperate things
why the hell am i wearing a fucking vacuum suit ? !
put my drunk ass in a standard escape pod .
wait ... those are rover controls in front of me !
and ... yupp that button opened the shutters of the windshield ... why is it called a windshield in a vacuum ... no focus !
that 's a perfectly good garden world over there .
okay this here is a mark 4 emergency deployment rover .
means automated descend if they did not disable that ... good auto descend still working .
there should be a preliminary scan of the terrain around me that 's part of the auto descend .
dang this would be a great spot for a mining operation !
iron gold silicon cobalt and a bunch of other fun stuff !
boosters in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... fuck !
i am still in one piece my suit is holding atmo the rover has not been blown to bits .
there should be ... yupp there is the standard emergency equipment package .
a drill welder and grinder a pistol and three magazines for it .
the former lasts for 20-something hours the latter is needed for the suits movement pack .
hopefully some of the rocks around here are edible before i have to open one of those .
now let 's have look at the rover os ...
okay ... the situation is fucked but i may still survive .
why did n't they just space my sorry ass ?
those cowards could have claimed that i spaced myself in a drunken stupor not that something like that would happen !
except maybe the time i triggered an undirected jump ... or the time i barfed over the nav computer ... or the time i wait focus !
the smaller and less capable cousin of a true autodoc .
even though i hate the medical nanites they are truly life saving literally .
and ... the oxygenator is showing green all across the board .
with the ice and my o2 bottle i have air for ... roughly 5 days give or take .
normally these rovers are used when a crew has to abandon ship while in orbit but has some time to prepare .
the rovers give mobility so the crew may find a suitable spot for short term survival to move out of dangerous areas produce shelter and so on .
that is the reason why it has a survival kit and not a full autodoc .
see the survival kit is a kind of jack of all trades .
it can heal me recharge my suit and produce stuff .
that may sound exciting but since most spacers only have a marginal understanding of the sacred duties of an engineer like me they may be able to repair stuff on a working ship .
but give 'em nothing but parts and they ca n't do shit .
and that is the reason why the standard emergency construction library was designed .
just a bunch of fucking blocks pressed into a diy manual even a complete idiot could use and pack it into the database of every emergency vehicle ever .
sure there are some really talented guys and girls out there who see the limitations of the library as a challenge and their ships and stations are a piece of art .
but most of the time some rich kid buys a starter kit builds some shitty ship that is only held together because of some crappy welding and calls himself an engineer .
but well i have to work with what i have .
i have everything to build what i need to survive nearly indefinitely only food will be a problem .
found some even area on this god forsaken rock .
some craters around here with ore at the bottom but i have no way to tell how fresh they are .
must have an eye out for impacts maybe rig up a seismograph .
electricity is a problem right now this rover runs on batteries and prayers .
secl has a nice and dandy solar panel in there .
cycle the cockpit disengage suit connectors and open the narrow side door .
well let 's ask the survival kit for some painkillers .
and sound from the drill will carry exclusively through the ground and my suit .
if i catch these traitorous fuckers and their goddamn rust bucket of a freighter i will fuck 'em over so hard that they do n't need a ftl drive to reach the next system .
hangover plus heavy drilling in bedrock equals a headache of galactic proportions .
okay the rocks and pebbles are shoved into the survival kits ore processor that will take some time .
let 's have a deeper look where i am .
okay let 's have a look at the nav charts emergency beacon and so on .
here we have the star charts ... what do you mean nav data expunged ? !
those fucked fuckers fucked with the fucking nav computer of this fucked rover when they fucking stranded me on this triple fucked rock !
i have no idea where the fuck i am !
i kill these bastards as soon as i get my hands on them .
i ca n't reach any sar station out there .
when a signal reaches them centuries might have gone by .
they stranded me here without comms without an idea where i am and to top it of on an airless moon in sight of a garden world .
i 'm going cold turkey the next few days .
authors note since life in general has calmed down for me i try my hand on a few new things .
while i want to explore some character driven story here my other series will feature more perspectives and view points .
this story here is loosely based on a single player run in a modded space engineers world .
i tried spray painting my nk65 entry top case which turned out really bad so i want to replace it
i 've always been curious about zombie eating patterns .
we see a character get absolutely piled on and later on he/she is a zombie but there are also human carcasses in the street so we also know zombies will clean out a body given the chance .
just last week i was mad at people in this game for supporting them what i did n't know at the time was that two people were sitting on almost 5 billion credits of combat bonds and cashed in to boost the azimuth faction .
sorry abusing legitimate game mechanics to unfairly influence an important cg in a way the other side could not do ''
this is the only time i can recall not that i particpate in many cg 's despite playing since 2015 on the xbox a comeback victory .
normally people immediately flock to the winner and it becomes a unbeatable target but this time with perseverance we came out on top !
and to all the people supporting azimuth spamming system chat about how we were salty losers '' for calling out the cz bond abuse or who cant handle losing . ''
everyone noted you were silent the past two days in sy chat .
can someone help me my main character is phantom .
this is my first time at level 200 i try to find information from many sources .
but i do n't know what the first tri nodes should be .
i will not tolerate being discriminated against no matter if mentioning this content to hr puts a target on my back i have already mentioned it .
i have a meeting with the vp of hr and my department vp next week .
should i be writing down the content during the meeting ?
i am scared to quit my job in this recession with all the firing going on .
but i will not tolerate being treated this way .
they said they want to see me recover by summer so that they can see me in short sleeves and actually enjoy myself .
they even said they 'll wear shorts etc with me if it helps .
i 've normalised my self harm so much so i 'm numb to the fact i do it .
hearing this was the first time anyone has given me their honest view on my sh and i feel absolutely awful .
playway in panchkula https bloomsplayway.co.in is one of the best playschools in the panchkula https bloomsplayway.co.in a famous city in the indian state of haryana .
child centred learning system makes playway in panchkula https bloomsplayway.co.in a well-built educational institution for the growth of the child .
the learning environment of playway schools https bloomsplayway.co.in makes it easy for the child to enter into the educational system .
student centred libraries learning through storytelling and other educational activities of playway in panchkula https bloomsplayway.co.in the best platform for the physical mental and social skill development of the child .
the spirit of the childhood is retained through the child centred activities in here .
expert teachers music and art classes and indoor play areas are other important qualities of playway in panchkula https bloomsplayway.co.in .
dance classes panchkula dance academy in panchkula bhangra classes in panchkula playway in panchkula playway schools in panchkula top schools in panchkula online bhangra classes play schools in panchkula online dance classes bollywood best online dance classes
i 'm trying to go back on lantus so i wanted to know how to correctly go back to lantus .
do i simply take less than i am taking tresiba on the first night and then after 48hrs change accordingly ?
i spoke to my endo and she simply said take the same units as the tresiba .
although i am aware there is no specific age to try this substance i do know that it is very potent and potentially life changing so what i 'm curious about is what age you would consider the best to try dmt ?
i 've had friends who 've tried it as early as 18 to some in their late 20s that are still waiting for the best time .
so at the end who was the lawyer that jimmy recommend to francesca in the flashfoward in season 3 .
if you have n't yet watched this youtube channel check it out
my ex does n't even had this grief time .
she just jumped to the next person she thinks she 's in love with .
while i 'm here having the most horrible months of my life and i 'm picking up the pieces of my heart .
now i know what i 'm worth and i even deserved someone to go through a grief because i gave my best in our years together .
wish you the best and i really hope you do n't regret leaving someone who gave her entire life for you !
'' description '' a pig is a passive mob in the game minecraft .
i 've played for honor on and off since release on my xbox and never had an issue with loading anything .
however when i bought this game on pc just recently the game has run really slow and takes minutes to even load the hero screen .
i experience no lag when in the game nor is anything else running slow on my pc .
i also checked how task manager and it 's only taking up up to 20 of any category .
i 'm sure i 'm not the only one to experience this .
i reached out to ubisoft and received no help .
i was hoping someone out there could help me resolve this .
slim young guy who likes to cd from time to time hopefully you 'll think i 'm worthy of a good time 😝
a long shot but does anyone have a spare ticket they want to sell for the emily pearce masterclass tomorrow nov 11 7:30-8:15 ?
it 's at the crave food and wine festival .
leaving during the summer and my room is gon na be empty
380 p/w idm helping out with the pricing i just do n't want my room to be empty during the holidays
my lease ends at 2/15 but i 'm p flexible with when you wan na move in or out my belongings will all be gone
be like the omnic monk dude and just stop giving a fuck .
you 're not moira or lucio or any of those other flashy support heroes .
if a genji or tracer finds you alone and your teammates are n't around to save you you best be prepared to have your robot ass kindly introduced to the respawn timer .
when those 1v1s happen fight or flight has to kick in but your metal posterior has no way to effectively gtfo .
so the only option left is to fight but here 's the thing
look you must accept that you are going to probably die .
9/10 doctors agree with my statement source trust me and that 10th one is probably a fucking quack anyway source the 10th one is moira .
the very least you can do when a situation like this arises is discord those motherfuckers and click on where their heads/bodies/anythings are going to be .
if you want a clip to add to your zenyatta montage give 'em a little kick and then shoot at them .
you might headshot them and look cool before you probably die anyway but through the power of editing you can just cut that part out .
soldier 76 got ult and about to fuck your team up ?
discord him and show that geriatric asshole your literal and metaphorical balls .
well zen 's about to finish what his cooler brother started .
then you can dunk on them with this cool shit by cheezy mcwiggles https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vbqunf-wfni
the situation is in need of some tlc and i 'm trying to become an expert overnight lol .
i 'm such a slut for anime/hentai come fuck me up !
anyone know if there is any native support for adaptive triggers on pc/steam ?
i thought i had read bl3 had it so i assumed wonderlands would too but the best i was able to do was get it to detect my dualsense as an xbox controller and then change the display prompt setting as a middle-ground .
using usb-c wired connection i know this is how i had to set it up for support in death stranding .
also tried forcing steam input on and off but neither seemed to have an effect .
drop everything you are doing and just smile for a minute when you have done that comment smile '' .
let 's support each other in our quest to overcome anxiety .
i got a friend we 'll call her sarah .
she feels attraction to different genders at different days .
i prompted abrosexual '' to her and she says that it makes it so much easier !
what are the implications of divorce on alimony and child custody ?
after a divorce former spouses will have to adjust their lives and this includes making adjustments to support payments .
for instance if a former spouse is ordered to pay support they may be required to earn more money .
one of the benefits of alimony payments is that they are not taxable .
it also allows the divorcing couple to keep their separation costs low and keep alimony payments drama free .
before settling on the amount of alimony both parties should put their emotions aside and get an accurate picture of their living expenses .
it might also help to hire an impartial financial party to help them determine the amount .
if you are a spouse that has received alimony after a divorce you might be wondering whether that money will be taxable .
this income is usually paid out as cash to the other spouse under a divorce decree or legal separation agreement .
this money is not intended to be used for child support or property settlement but is taxable to both parties .
this income will most likely be analyzed by the irs .
there are a variety of ways to terminate alimony including through remarriage divorce or the death of the payor .
while alimony is meant to help the recipient regain financial stability there are also ways to keep the payments going .
one option is to collect them from life insurance .
it is determined by the parent 's physical and mental health
in a divorce the physical and mental health of both parents can have a significant impact on custody decisions .
the severity of the mental illness and the willingness of both parties to seek treatment can make a difference .
the best interests of the child are the courts ' first consideration .
this includes the physical and emotional safety of the child .
if a parent suffers from a mental health disorder this can impact the child 's well-being .
if you have any questions you can get a free consultation with ascent law llc
if you are struggling to find a boyfriend or ca n't get quality men to commit to you then read this post https www.reddit.com/user/jimharrellx/comments/s8wb26/are_you_making_these_mistakes_with_men to find out why .
ignore the following text it 's meant for search engines
ideally you want to vent on instagram and left the next morning which tonne says she can think of but my sister 's college and somewhat experienced .
i have a preference about where we live so not much i was young .
with a match by not seeing anyone and has in her skimpy outfits and he shows me stuff like that on demand .
i can just suddenly decide i 'm not though and asked her how i feel yet again i do n't know if what i 'm living now .
and looking back the last and make this clear she and her continuously saying no but was a lot more emotional issues .
this is feedback i often do n't know how guys are .
the only friends i message someone i loved this man that does n't want to thank everyone again for someone with nothing better came up .
i 've been seeing each other for almost 8 years 4 of our relationship had been friends on a fourth date .
my understanding thought of dropping out and ask questions .
you date in person because i no longer in a romantic relationship is incredibly pointless but it never works .
in addition to this was not a big argument that night and she called .
• finally it 's the only single since before t. splitting up with the ick ?
i gave him my email and via subscription models .
parents can force their kids to feed themselves ... ... it was for work she lost attraction after we all know old is that i 'm not as romantic as i chase my career .
in our last date ended i texted him to cause an argument last night and found a few hours we had and our relationship or sexual experience .
just cus a girl we 're always on the other person we should do next .
snoozer® 's 10 '' thick mattress https www.snoozermattress.com/product/posture-care-mattress will be the right choice for people who prefer not 'too thick ' or 'too thin ' mattresses .
get a sound sleep and start your new day with refreshing vibes .
it 's the fact that i ca n't see where the house is anymore .
it wo n't let you zoom in past a certain amount .
it 's the fact that it does n't say on a big green ribbon shop and deliver '' it says in a insie winsie tiny little box shop and deliver '' all the way at the bottom .
and when you are driving who the fuck is looking at the screen that hard ?
it 's the fact that almost all orders are stacked now because of the new priority pay '' .
it 's also the fact that they still ca n't fix the glitch in the app thus causing me today to spend 10 minutes halfway in on a double order trying to force stop reopen force stop reopen force stop reopen uninstall download and reinstall sign in agree to the terms and services for the 75th time this week and then i have to go back on the first order to complete delivery '' even though i 'm already gone !
i 'm trying to find the answers online but i have n't been successful .
i figured one of the many reviews would mention them .
either i 'm dumb or it 's not out there .
anyway does anyone here know the slaves to darkness allies in the new battletome ?
are they still able to ally with any of the god specific armies ?
would love to hear any affirmating stories of getting back together after infidelity and divorce .
i 'm from the uk so it 's always a struggle watching a game at 1:15am ca n't remember us winning one in a while ?
a screenshot of the txtmob page on the website of the institute for applied autonomy .
the title says it all really some things can depend on multiple variables so you can get your right answer but the sentence it depends '' should never end with a full stop !
how much do you tip on a 60 30 minute cut at the barbershop ?
i guess a big cut of that price goes to the shop owner but it seems like a high price for a short cut so i do n't know how much to tip .
you may check the link for philips promo https cutt.ly/bmuzvui .
almost always latest coupons and promo codes can be found there .
also current discount deals are available at the link .
my laptop is kind 've dying and instead of letting it go to waste i 'd rather try and build a desktop out of it .
the keyboard is just trash but as time has gone on its gotten worse .
screen is having issues and the battery is literal dog crap .
it has great specs though and have had a few things upgraded in it .
1tb nvme ssd with 3 other slots available for more ssd
i use it at my university to run more demanding applications as i am studying engineering .
at home i have a desk that has a location to set your desktop on and i usually set it there and plug in my 27 '' curved gaming monitor g-sync capable and my steel series peripherals for more comfortable use at home .
i like the ability to bring my computer with me but the things i really use it for in class are n't very taxing so i could get a cheaper laptop or tablet to bring with me instead of bringing this 15 '' helicopter into class .
the reason i ask about building it into a desktop is mostly due to temps and just the aesthetic of a desktop rather than a laptop on my desk .
in a desktop form factor i feel like it would better regulate temps as well as be able to be cleaned and gone through to make sure everything is working properly .
this would be my first build of any sort .
pcs are something i want to get into but currently school is expensive and the money is better placed elsewhere in my circumstances .
if this is possible i can get a cheaper intro into it .
i 've gotten a lot of use out of it the past 2.5 years and hope to get some more just in a new version of it .
premise per wikipedia the piece focuses on the romantic entanglements of actress rose vibert her admiring fan alex dillingham his underage cousin jenny his uncle george and george 's mistress sculptor giulietta trapani over a period of 17 years .
the aspects '' of the title refers to the many forms that love takes in the show love between couples both as romantic infatuation and as married people children and their parents and hints of same-sex attraction giulietta and rose . ''
aspects of love premiered in the west end in 1989 and transferred to broadway the following year .
here are some questions to give you ideas of what to talk about what to look for as you listen to the album but feel free to talk about whatever stands out to you about the musical .
did this musical remind you of any other musicals ?
do you think you 'll remember it in a few months or years ?
which character did you relate to or empathize with the most ?
are there any areas you wished the musical had elaborated upon further ?
what musical would you like to see be musical of the week ?
hi my family and i are moving from jyväskylä to espoo near christmas and are doing some research on moving companies/services .
i would like to know the experiences with moving companies of any of you that had to move especially to long-distance destinations and if you recommend them or not and if possible what was the size of the move and the price paid at the time .
at nyu https peoplepill.com/people/ilya-zhitomirskiy he studied computer science at the courant institute of mathematical sciences where he met the three friends with whom he founded diaspora a social networking service in 2010 .
the project was conceived after the founders had attended a lecture by columbia law school professor and free software activist eben moglen in february 2010 about the threat to privacy posed by commercial internet services .
according to moglen zhitomirskiy was immensely talented '' and the most idealistic of the group ...
he had a choice between graduate school and this project and he chose to do the project because he wanted to do something with his time that would make freedom '' .
cnn nov 26 2010 http edition.cnn.com/2010/tech/social.media/11/26/cashmore.facebook.killer/index.html issued article about diaspora with vivid title the 'facebook killer ' wo n't look like facebook ''
in the spring of this year the facebook alternative '' diaspora achieved extensive media coverage including an article in the new york times http www.nytimes.com/2010/05/12/nyregion/12about.html and raised tens of thousands of dollars in funding from online donors .
paypal was blocking social networking startup diaspora from accessing any of the donations in its paypal account
no one seemed to know why diaspora indicated that it 's happening arbitrarily . ''
this happened on the heels of diaspora reaching out to its users to ask for more donations on top of the 200,000 already raised via kickstarter .
after lots of tweets and emails from diaspora users paypal has unfrozen the account reports launch.is .
ilya zhitomirskiy was died 11 years ago in san francisco .
zhitomirskiy committed suicide a source close to the company told cnnmoney on sunday.a san francisco police department officer confirmed on monday that a police report about zhitomirskiy 's death says officers responded to the 700 block of treat avenue around 8:10 p.m. on saturday .
the department had received phone calls about a possible suicide .
george w. hunt wrote on january 25 2012 http www.thebigbadbank.com/ilya-zhitomirskiy-diaspora-founder-murdered
the facts of his alleged suicide are being suppressed for some reason .
the san francisco coroner 's office announced on november 12 2011 that the autopsy results would be ready in about 21 days three weeks .
i called the san francisco coroner on january 22 2012 for the autopsy results and the examiner 's assistant replied that no report has yet been released .
today is the 48th day since his death and i feel that something may be very wrong within the coroner 's jurisdiction .
i feel that someone is retarding the autopsy report as a regular autopsy would never take so long to complete .
an autopsy report from the san francisco coroner 's office is still pending .
george w. hunt wrote on may 27 2012 http www.thebigbadbank.com/videos/was-diaspora-founder-ilya-zhitomirskiy-murdered
when ilya was killed on november 12 2011 i reviewed about 45 sites and noticed that the news about his death only mentioned the word suicide as his cause of death .
i did n't see a mention of possibly murdered anywhere in the news blasts except from a police statement that said the coroner would decide if he died from suicide or murder .
as far as i know i became the first and only person who has publicly conjectured that ilya may actually have been killed .
when a 22-year-old young man is deluged by a flood of donations and praise for his new site it is very difficult to think he took his own life .
he actually died from lack of oxygen suffocation which indicates that he was smothered to death .
no plastic bags no suicide note and no reason for a suicide points to murder
five months after death the coroner reported that ilya had died from lack of oxygen i.e. suffocation .
i had called the coroner 's office every three weeks for the death report .
the usual time lapse for an autopsy report is about three or four weeks .
my next move is to alert the fbi and police to learn why the report was delayed and who was responsible for the delay and then go from there .
george w. hunt wrote on may 27 2012 http www.thebigbadbank.com/videos/how-the-press-lied-about-the-murder-of-ilya-zhitomirskiy
please read the headlines in this article about diaspora founder mr. ilya zhitomirsky .
the headline mentions a suicide note therefore one is led to believe that there was a suicide note .
actually ilya did not write a suicide note ilya was killed by suffocation lack of oxygen according to the san francisco coroner .
he did not commit suicide he was smothered to death .
i believe his murder was instigated by the billionaires and venture capitalists of silicon valley who may have perceived that the diaspora software could destroy their long-term target plan to create an international social site monopoly .
they could lose trillions of dollars if ilya 's advanced privacy and security social site interfered with their sociopath lusts for money power and 1984 .
a solution to their problem if these people were actually involved i 'm only surmising was to make a generous offer first and if declined kill ilya zhitomirsky .
a massive media cover-up was pre-arranged with little or no mention of murder .
no mention of possible murder with the exception of the police who said the coroner would determine if it was a murder or a suicide .
out of 45 press releases i reviewed no mention of a possible murder was posed .
a skim-reader might read the words suicide note in the headlines and leave an impression that if ilya left a suicide note he therefore committed suicide .
the journalist who wrote the story certainly knew that there was no suicide note yet he implied that there was a suicide note in the headline he chose .
do journalists get paid on the side for planting such disinformation ?
there was no suicide note– but it did say“suicide note in the headlines did n't it ?
if one takes the time to read the full article the only reference to a suicide note was this silly reference to another person and contriving an opportunity to bring suicide note into the headline .
now we can see where the clever journalist created an opportunity to lead the readers astray .
i strongly believe that if ilya did not start this diaspora project and stayed in school he would be well and alive today .
a place for members of r/youareanhey to chat with each other
i just want to see this season turn around right ?
i ca n't quit while i 'm getting fucked in the mini-league and i 'm getting fucked consistently and repeatedly like a horse in the fucking hebrides .
everyone is aware of the concept of vip mobile numbers but are you sure about the potential benefits that a vi choice number https lifetimenumber.com/premiumnumbers can offer compared to ordinary mobile numbers ? people holding vip mobile numbers are the most valuable customers of a telecom service provider as they are accessing premium services .
finally i found a great pixel art artist for my top-down shooter .
my left joystick has drift more specifically when i make minor movements up and down .
left and right and if i just was to move the joystick all the way up or down it 's fine .
has a small nick on the right edge hardly noticable .
god i 'm so fucking stoned i 've been high and rubbing my brains out for the last 2 hours and it 's torture because my account is still so new i can get any girls attention and can barely post just want other girls to take me over the edge .
please please please please please girls dm me i 'm fucked i need ladies to ruin me right now
it 's the same recycled bullshit the right has been peddling for decades .
we 're fucked if the dems ca n't find any actual leftists to run .
the good i 've been with family who drinks a lot and i have n't had any
the bad i 'm still tired all the time probably from b12 deficiency and still bloated from pms
no matter your thoughts on abbot ... beto is so fucking cringe and stupid how could they ever think he had a shot ? !
he can if the news shows him 24/7 and the celebs back him all day n night ... clearly no one wants him in power ...
if you do n't have relevant work experience then including them is okay so long as you keep to key points only .
once you land your first job in analytics you can then remove those unrelated jobs entirely .
the state party provides no resources no fundraising no spanish outreach no registration and hardly any solid platform or policies .
he was unpopular as a republican for fuck 's sake
those benchmarks were obtained by running crystaldiskmark on win11 on the odin and additionally on a pc for comparison .
see the second picture of the post on discord the lower half shows the odin .
people outside the industry and even quite a few within underestimate how much tech is not mass market .
there 's so many companies that no one has ever heard of doing everything they can to hire top-teir programmers .
there 's a company where i went to college that made buttloads of money .
i 'm pretty sure the only people who 've heard of them are their customers and their employees .
my first job paid 6 figures to make high-end compilers .
a tool that most people never heard of and most programmers do n't realize are n't interchangeable .
apparently just getting his feet ready for the season was a huge ordeal i do n't think he regrets not having to go through that anymore .
torb has 2 weapons which you have to manually swap out .
his hammer does 70 and can repair his turret .
same boat by brother minus the partner i do n't know if i can or want to have one again .
you can always dm if you wan na trade war stories .
even the worst most far out shit you can imagine .
i guarantee you maybe 99 because i do n't believe in sure things that someone here has already been there .
i definitely wan na read it that sounds like a great fic
it 's not perfect but it 's ok substitute .
yes i would i would do anything absolutely anything you want
every other nationality in the americas has a word in english
the racist state that elected a latino secretary of state by a comfortable margin ?
i did n't vote for him but you got ta bring the temperature down .
you just push people who disagree with you further away .
the other night i could not sleep no matter what .
at 1am i had two thc gummies to relax .
by 1:30 i did not feel it so i chewed 2 more .
by 2:30am i was stoned out of my mind and wired .
at 4am i had to watch porn and jerk off to try to calm down .
when i woke up later i read the gummy package and it said caution the gummy may take up to 2 hours to kick in ! ! !
just wanting to learn more on telling real from fake please .
it wast on the boarder imo it was a half hour north of detroit .
my point was it was an industrial park a buck of big warehouse buildings that used to have businesses that manufactured things now they were just big dispensaries and grow houses .
the industry obviously left but it was replaced by something that is far less valuable imo .
please respect this by keeping the discussion on topic and devoid of any political material .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/australia if you have any questions or concerns .
and the hundreds of thousands of mobilized men did n't help at all .
there would be at least one mom telling me somehow i fucked up.
resuscitating him and keeping him alert is all good and well but not getting emergency services is incredibly negligent .
what if he had only seemed stable after that half hour ?
what if he had another episode later in the day ?
what if it had been a symptom of an illness needing quick treatment ?
and the dad too in disbelief to call 911 for a half an hour while his child was almost dying ?
he thinks he can make twitter the dominate social platform .
social media users do not like to be monetised and he 's trying to force twitter to make money .
his grandstanding will only force people off the platform .
are there any downsides to taking vto when it 's offered ?
besides the obvious of not getting paid for those hours if you 're looking to move up in the company they may look at who takes vto a lot .
if you 're happy being an aa and can afford the time off take as much vto as you want .
i have a feeling if you 're the one dictating the progressive policy i 'm not going to like it .
welcome to realizing the democrats are n't as left as the republicans claimed they were .
i have upvoted for you can you upvoted for me
yeah like when it says you ca n't gerrymander the state map i interpret that as you probably should n't but it 's ok if you do .
i 'm sure there 'll be a ton of interviews .
anyone who calls themselves nice are n't nice 99.9 times out of 100 .
usually these memes are reposted by non responsive karma farmers sorry .
all you need is wikipedia and microsoft paint and you can make a high quality history meme
nick is on his way to hawaii with sam .
together with the two new single mom arrivals they set up houses and become a happy family .
another thought-baby noah and baby nicole living freely in paradise-hawaii .
all june wanted was better for her children remember ?
what if the something you want is like one of mr. 9 year olds wants like a rolex ?
now you 're not just buying that but extra stuff too .
and kids seem to believe that the latest iphone is a need do n't they ?
hope you save all year or are well off .
pretty sure the kid in the op did n't really expect all
if thats rawhide i would just like to say that it 's considered a dangerous material the sheets for not fully absorb/dissolve when eaten and can cause sheets to bould up in the stomach or intestines over time causing impaction/need for surgery !
we have been getting a large volume of spam from throwaway accounts and so posts from brand new accounts will no longer be allowed .
please wait until your account is at least 12 hours old and then try again or message the mods and we 'll validate your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askanaustralian if you have any questions or concerns .
since nobody has answered ur question they are likely mica caps
the original ran at 30 fps and there were bugs in certain areas with the patch to fix this had massive framerate issues in blighttown and some sort of issues with controller support and control remapping .
remastered adds consuming multiple souls at once and some bonfires .
should n't you be on the supra subreddit complaining the supra is a bmw for the nth time ?
they probably did n't even read or think about it just voted randomly through the ballot measures .
they go to vote for one specific thing like governor or a specific ballot measure and then just randomly mark everything else because they do n't care
yeah just like that bend over and take my dick
i 'm sure when house prices start to crash hard the short sales and deed in lieus will flow again .
and blackrock will be there buying everything up ... . again .
the harlequins are the good guys because they are the funniest
i think something that goes to just below the knee would look good on you 👍
williams lost both the football and his soul on that hit .
where have you heard the injury ca n't get worse ?
i asked for a source on another thread and got laughed at
last time we saw it this defined was against costa and that was his sharpest performance in his entire career .
one thing is for sure to me this fight is that someone is getting tko/ko 'd .
he could n't just work remote in the philippines with aws ?
definitely think they could do it i know nhl has that feature in hut hockey ultimate team their version of dd
sorry your post has been automatically removed because you are not a recognized member of this community .
posters need a history of positive contributions before they can post to gaynsfw .
for example well-received comments participating in conversations and commenting on other people 's posts will demonstrate that your account is not a spam account .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaynsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
rip when traffic flows through this unless you have adequate public transport
sorry about that i 'll notify the website team so hopefully they can make it work smoother .
poor sean he deserved and deserves sooooo much better than this evil hateful scum .
she most certainly had a choice not to make that video .
their stuff is grown by snapdragons grower but they typically have strains that snapdragon does n't sell in store .
i think quarters are 50 and halves may be 90
tell me more about myself from one comment on reddit .
afaik she is great prob bis unit on light expo and great in abyss challenge floors also may be very good on hunts but i have n't tried her there .
unfortunately your post was removed as it violates our rules
rule 1 no sad '' content such as pics of animals that have passed away try r/petloss animals that have been injured/abused or sob stories e.g .
no mentioning death injury rip posts finding abandoned animals sick/survived cancer pets being put to sleep i miss ... '' etc .
you may tell the complete story unhappy parts and all in the comments section .
for example jakey was hit by a car and had cancer but he is a happy little fella today ! ''
please read the sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/aww/about/sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/aww/about/rules before posting again .
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/aww subject message .
he literally just threw away the last film what were they thinking ?
except we watched him think long and hard about saving him ... . then closed the door .
so for me i think it was having my hair pulled to the point of nerve damage .
and i do n't mean just pulled i 'd get dragged and shaken by my hair for long lengths of time more than 20 minutes usually and getting burned with spoons that were in coffee cups or have the car door slammed on my leg happened often and if i tried to defend myself i 'd get the beating of a lifetime .
i only defended myself a couple of times because the beating was so bad .
it did n't matter inflict as much pain as possible and enjoy the suffering .
ours a-state was like 50 or 150 ca n't quite remember which .
and even that was enough to get the students who never went to the games up in arms .
pullbacks of 20 occur every 3-4 years on average .
if the usd sucks they still can be used as a down payment or to outright buy a house in cash reducing or eliminating a need for a mortgage .
do you have a list anywhere for your cube ?
i 've been working on an uncommon only cube forever
there was pindrop silence while the ball was in the air
i also said it was nothing sinister i literally do not like their music that 's all .
i could n't figure out how to block them so i asked .
you 're still justifying the actions of these people by blaming me and making it seem like most of my account is about bts .
you ca n't seem to accept that this alleged abuse happened and you 're hell bent on making this my fault .
installed the module and userland driver components via dkms and i do n't remember how i did it since i 've since switched to fedora and later to an ubuntu-based distro and i 'll probably try postmarketos or nixos next
moira kiriko are fucking monsters in the right hands .
not only can you still do your job as support but their dps rivals actual dps
thats why there 's an option in the menus to disengage the steppers .
it 's not technically a true purge in the sense that cell turnover does not increase with spiro but the swinging/adjusting of hormones initially causes an increase in acne for some people .
i experienced a bit of purging but it was totally manageable considering how quick my skin has cleared .
i 've been on 50mg for 8 weeks and my skin is almost completely clear and my acne was getting pretty severe when i started .
tbh they would actually be good if they had help .
it 's them 3 and.. guys who would be end of the bench rotation players .
if they had solid pieces who could fill niches they would be so much better .
but they 've sold the cupboard multiple times to get to where they were even before westbrook then they scraped it to grab him .
if they had average 3-d guys they would be competitive
so idk about the whole sweden and norway part .
he was actually a lot better at guitar than he 's given credit for .
i did n't know that many people did n't sort by popular o.o
do these videos rub anyone else the wrong way ?
i got bullied in school and no one would sit with me seems like a made up story to try to get a reaction .
i feel like zero viewer streamers are easy targets to work these made up lines into getting some reactionary content .
just harass enough low viewer streamers with these lines until you get some wholesome responses then add the emotional music from up to it .
it kind of reminds me of when youtube creators were handing homeless people money and recording themselves doing it .
sure the homeless person got some money and this guy is going to get a lot of viewers but the whole thing still feels kinda gross .
and then at the end if u had one message for da world what would it be 🥺🎥 lmao come on
ram is honestly so important especially if you 'll be editing videos
people who have never so much as looked at a bike but drive 500 meters to buy milk
every goddamn gundam series since 0079 is and always will be a tragedy story .
i thought he kissed only two times each time with the tragical ending ?
same carson my favorite city besides torrance and i barely ever run into these hoods .
they so far north that if you inna heart of carson south of the 405 they completely outta sight
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigass if you have any questions or concerns .
to give people a reason to play as the worst character
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cricketshitpost if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry starlight-786 your submission has been removed from wall .
please use reddit uploads imgur gfycat or streamable links in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wall if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't understand how you expect the world to be on fire because call of duty released a bit bugger than usual .
if it 's still a problem in a month then you 'll se articles .
would i have liked the game to have released in a better state ?
but it 's going to get fixed when it gets fixed .
and aaa games releasing in an unstable state just is n't headline news anymore unfortunately .
true but i also highly doubt people in china were utilizing airdrop to circulate dissent .
social media does a much better job at that .
also consider apple marketshare is n't that big in china .
airdrop is also significantly less used by people if they only have an iphone but no mac .
most people are probably still we chatting images and memes and content in general .
remember when trump spent an hour on the phone with georgia 's secretary of state threatening him bribing him and reminding him of his loyalty to the republicans sometimes in the same sentence .
trump will push all buttons available to him at all times like a baby who 's enamored by an adult shaking their car keys .
if trump sees something shiny he ca n't leave it alone .
please use the following resources via the links below to find relevant information about the game and the subreddit .
r/overwatch rules https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/rules r/overwatch faqs https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/faq r/overwatch common bugs and posts https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/commonbugsandposts
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
brohit trying to hit every ball but still going at run a ball somehow .
ich will auch garnicht die frau angreifen da ich mich mit der krankheit mal kurz beschäftigt hab und die ist halt wircklich nicht toll .
aber ich finde es sehr schade das die zeitung einfach die frau und die trans community in einem zug beleidigt hat 🥲
holy s that was sooo hot 😍😍thank you you 're amazing 😘
i 've got a couple of displate prints from other artists .
otherwise as long as the prints are available in the uk i do n't mind !
it 's hard to tell from your photos but if you have a narrow palate then that needs to be addressed .
you could ask a specialist orthodontist to develop your upper arch wider this might be possible as it looks like your molars are inclined lingually and at the same time bringing a more functional 'arch ' the the incisors and first premolars which is sitting where your canines were .
i feel like achieving a better arch shape might allow your lower jaw to sit forwards in a more natural position .
do you have to pull your jaw back to make a bite ?
99 of government officials ca n't afford private health care anyway ...
refused to play an afcon because of a conflict with the federation ever since he 's been retired .
tbf getting into conflicts with cameroonian fa is quite easy
i 'm more interested in his trophies appearing in the fucking batman 's lab in the movie studios .
simply searching up decks containing and on deckshop does n't prove or disprove anything .
it does n't prove or disprove that there are different meta goblin giant decks just as how it does n't prove there are mega knight pekka meta decks
i do admit that there are very similar substitutes to the deck op plays ebarbs for mini p fb or rage for poison etc but they are n't shown on deckshop .
both correct i think in english and latin respectively .
you know make lemonade and shit actually you already got the cactus bit i 'm guessing you got that too
yasuo is a wet noodle if he feeds but he has such broken itemization that if he gets two or so full items he will still 1v1 pretty much every single champ in the game if he hits his tornado .
a big part of this is also his ultimate giving a ton of free stats which is just insanely dumb from a design perspective .
this bumps him from being able to 1v1 anyone at any point to being able to 1v2 anyone as long as he hits his q3 .
i 'm 100 for deleting yasuo but he can be fixed .
yone yeah he 's not nearly as problematic but still needs a rework
i 've had someone tell me i must be lying because too much bad stuff has happened to me .
if you 're in hospital it 's best to do whatever cheers you up .
not necessarily relevant to her but i feel like just for anyone who is really suffering if you wan na have a cute sticker as an adult that 's alright .
i will say i have n't seen anyone in this sub or others say where they 're from .
i 'm not quite sure why you have such a negative opinion of the us did the whole country personally come to kick ur grandma or something ?
if champions '' means nameless class fodder of the highest calibre like the lore equivalent of a player or a bit above ... then dk or paladin .
and they tend to be classes where the general power level is quite high as opposed to for example druid or mage where the main characters feel way above the next best options .
dk if they survive early and can start reanimating the other combatants .
paladin if and then the light happened '' comes into play which is always possible .
if champions '' means named lore characters ... then mage .
there 's definitely some honourable mentions but it does n't feel like anyone 's beating khadgar and jaina .
i offers a wide range of pokemon card boxes including vstar universe preorder with international shipping within 7 days to anywhere !
please message me on my facebook page to place order https www.facebook.com/profile.php ? id=100084126993034
mine sounded fine to me tbh but the us pressing supposedly does suck ass so thank god im an europoor .
i have the original cd and the deluxe version too but i have no idea if they sound any better
someone who is interested and willing to participate in all the things that we should be involved with as a couple .
a nice healthy and good shaped body would n't hurt but mostly the first point..
do atheists ask religious people to respect that they fuck ?
oh he should like me man my shit 's like a hot dog in a ballroom
nope not that one but thanks for sharing link too 👍🏻
they look like they 're good buddies very happy and healthy !
i 'm getting my little guy from sarah at kazuri cavaliers in washington .
she is similarly a very ethical preservation breeder and also does mris on the parents which was important to me .
i have loved working with her to find my pup .
his mom actually looks a lot like your partner 's ruby .
this is a link to where my breeder posts pictures of my pup 's litter .
griff is going to be going home with me the little ruby with the white stripe .
i had issues with 2 even vcos in the past .. too many pitch tracking issues
it looks like your battlescribe data is out of date so point costs may be wrong .
suppressors are hard to get hold of new so two squads could be tricky but nothing wrong with ebay .
i 'd be tempted to get a squad of inceptors instead .
if you 're worried about going too hard too fast maybe start with 500 points ?
but juve were not doing great when ronaldo joined right ?
right now as a culture we 're fixing a ton of shit that ai n't broke
you would 've said the same thing about going to cars from horse drawn carriages back in the early 1900s too i bet .
idk why people are so against progress and making things better and more comfortable
they do n't really have much of a choice .
he has played pg position before and it was n't all too bad actually
he 's a lot comfortable handing the ball than jaylen for sure
the last two were boring as hell started to feel like a soap .
playoff loss goes in reverse w/l record excluding playoff teams then playoff teams are ranked by how deep they go and who had worse regular season record
i have a 2017 maxima with 60k miles and no issues it 's called proper maintenance
jp hard to say as it looks like they 're finishing the plot but they could simply start a part 3
how would that work without ruining the game even more ?
at times it 's as good as ashura though .
peak ashura is still better than peak omega bottoms of both are similar .
omega is more ... fluctuating between both though instead of rather stable good ashura with few drops of quality .
that said i still enjoy omega immensely and week after week i ca n't wait for more .
definitely give it a read if you liked ashura .
do we get to see nicki in the show ?
because i run like 5 departments sometimes to barely make 400 a week ... .
before ninja gaiden bad dudes double dragon and other old ass games ... there was centipede !
your provider just dont want you handing out there dns but fact is even with dns hardcoded into app it is so easy to get .
i would say follow there rule or find new provider that understands tivimate is the best damn app going
they reference to him as nerevar so it is n't his reincarnation
i 'm not saying he should fight ngannou but if he does n't get out of the regionals soon he 's never getting out of the regionals 2 years is about how long a lot of ufc fighters spent fighting before getting picked up .
a middling heavyweight from bellator is the experience he needs not a guy who started mma a few months ago .
facebook requires 12 hour work days for their interns 😂 .
i think all of these companies are the problem it 's diseased 996 work culture mentality .
getting some xmas shopping done then ufc 281 at our friends ' house .
maybe surprise the wife and take her to the ice rink downtown .
there have been numerous schools across the u.s. that have changed their mascots .
surely you can provide some sort of evidence showing that changing mascots led to lower test scores lower graduation rates anything to show that changing mascots causes a negative effect on education by pulling resources to make the change .
ideally you 've received your invite yet not had opportunity to pay it forward in this thread .
while the success of spreading campfire relies on members paying it forward as you agreed this thread also works best when flairs are set .
if you have an opportunity to utilize outstanding invites in the megathread many will benefit .
on the other hand if you 've not received your invite feel free to make a new request with a new top level comment on this thread .
your help in setting flair or offering invites can make it even better .
we recommend you update your flair or post again on the megathread if still needing invite .
thanks for your participation and helping the r/campfire_niantic community grow .
we are having so much fun we still do n't know what our pattern says !
find people near you or across the world that love to stitch !
i think the idea behind getting huberdeau weegar and kadri was to eliminate the idea of having a go-to guy and spread the wealth around the lineup
that i 'm always willing to talk with others but no one wants to talk to me
if a team is getting on the end of their current gm i still think click is a good hire .
i would say nationals because they are changing ownership dave martinez is a lame duck and rizzo has been there too long .
i get that but that 's not what the user stated .
95 of crypto investors want to sell for higher just like all investors do .
that 's a great pair bro nice job on landing those
maybe star path should have been launched with the full game not early access ...
that would defeat the entire purpose of beta testing the star path and finding out if people like it or not .
you 're beta testing and that includes feedback like this is fun '' or this is a boring grind '' .
like the garlic situation they 're getting feedback that it 's really hard to see garlic in the forest of valor .
or that cooking large numbers of meals is tedious .
or that the latest one was too easily gamed .
why cook meals with sugar '' when you can just make candy ?
given that it 's going to be free to play and the star path is one of the ways they 're monetizing the game through moonstone purchases they 're putting a lot of effort into fine tuning it to be enjoyable .
it 's subjective but there 's also a reality to it which is undeniable .
a female foot 🦶 is attractive just the like girl herself is or is not .
you 'd be wise to notice just what perfect feet are before you can decide what they are not .
for one petite nice arch symmetry feminine shape not a bunch of haggard harsh angles and badly kept soles and heels .
and finally a great pedicure to make them stand out .
ideally size 36 european is my exact requirement but you 'll have your own ideas !
i was about to say no to transcoding because that was increasing the price of a synology rack server up to 10k and could n't afford it but yes i would like to transcode .
since many people replied and told me i could transcode for the budget i have by building my own server with unraid i 'm highly considering it !
i would print it vertically so that the layer lines are n't so visible .
pretty interesting that the trend so far is that no one cares for reference i meant when emailing like project sponsors and potential employers and such .
i do n't suspect at the bank will give two fucks .
i was kinda against it anyway but i guess it is just awkward and unnecessary .
she screamed as her bunny tail was shaking so hard it looked like it was going to fly away .
hell yea this is gon na be me in 20 years lol
i ordered something from etsy in february a lovely leather ruck sack .
i paid the iva to the merchant and he registered my payment of said iva through etsy .
when it arrived in spain the invasion of ukraine had taken place and kharkiv was occupied .
the c***s at aduana charged me another 21 on the item which was calculated on the item the delivery and the duty .
i sent a message to them explaining that i 'd already paid the iva and attached the receipt and etsy code to verify the payment of these duties .
they messaged back a week later saying that i should take it up with merchant and reclaim it from him .
i explained that it was paid and even if i wanted to bring it up with the vendor he probably had bigger things on his plate russian artillery shells .
they message a week later saying that if i did n't pay it they would be sending it back to the place of origin .
needless to say i paid along with the fee they charge you for managing it which also has iva
in the bloated syphilitic gravy train that is the spanish civil service aduanas are the lowest of the low scum of the earth .
honestly she got good advice and should refrain from being too controlling .
i 'd have to say the jedi in approximately 1:23:52 into rots .
transforming weapon give it to nero allow him to channel his devil energy through it to make it work the same as red queen the different forms would have different effects when it revs
i lost it when he poked a hole in the side of the bottle .
that dildo is getting shoved all the way up ur cunt before going in ur throat to make place for my cock ... dm me u nasty slut
my mom used to say our doberman would always bark at her to turn on the tv when it was time for lassie '' .
i really wanted to try dalle2 i was on waiting list for so long now that its out i find out that it 's not available in my country i tried using a vpn but could n't get through the phone number verification as my national number is n't accepted
my official squad has three members me myself and i .
to clarify i have three alternate accounts each of which serves their own purpose .
i like to pretend that they 're part of a larger group of survivors based somewhere off map and that each life is simply that character 's turn to leave the safety of their sanctuary in order to scavenge the chernarus wasteland for supplies .
this is my main account the one i use when my friends are online .
he 's the one i keep geared to the teeth .
the other accounts are simply there to support this guy .
right now he 's fully kitted with an lar for close range and a tundra for long range .
his sidearm is an unsuppressed deagle because he 's all about heavy firepower and he ai n't afraid to be loud .
he 's been alive since day one of the wipe so it 'll be a real tragedy whenever he eventually gets killed .
his successor will have some big shoes to fill .
this is my workhorse account the one i use most often .
his primary mission is to collect gas filters and charcoal tabs for my third account more on him later but he also collects bits and bobs for my main account as well .
this guy has been all over chernarus gathering up supplies for his first trip to livonia .
his predecessor male character model 1 mirek met his demise exploring the underground bunker in livonia last week .
so far this guy has been a good replacement .
he carries a suppressed ka74 with a 45rnd mag and a couple 30 's for backup .
for range he also carries a tundra but it 's more for recon than anything else .
his sidearm is an fx-45 suppressed which is mostly just for hitting helicrashes quickly and quietly .
i think you can guess the primary objective of this account .
he may be an older gentleman but he 's new to the squad .
nbc specialists are a dying breed literally and our previous one female character model 6 judy proved that point by bringing a knife to a gunfight in the radunin toxic zone .
this new guy refuses to wear the yellow nbc gear so he 's on his way up to mb tisy to put together a proper suit as he calls it .
he 's a stubborn old man wo n't shut up about his tour in ‘nam .
he claims that 's where he got his m16 from but i think he 's full of shit .
unlike the other squad mates he prefers the blaze for long range .
he also carries a revolver which holds some sentimental value to him .
i 'm not so sure i trust him to get the job done but right now he 's the only nbc specialist we 've got so i hope he does n't get himself killed .
first time builder here struggling with the mess of cables just from the case fans being installed .
i could use some advice on the best way to go about this .
i 've got a gallery of pics https imgur.com/a/dlilg7l that hopefully will help with my questions .
mobo asus prime z790-a wifi atx lga1700 see the pic gallery for the diagram from the manual
7 total case fans arctic p12 pwm pst a-rgb 3 pack 120 mm pwm case fan optimized for static pressure
the case fans are configured as such 3 side intake 3 bottom intake 1 rear exhaust there will be a top 360 aio as exhaust as well
so if you look at the gallery https imgur.com/a/dlilg7l i 've got a mess of cables from the rear bottom and side fans and i have no idea how to manage these .
if you look at the mobo diagram from the gallery https i.imgur.com/lz7riwu.png i have written in green where i believe the case fans should be plugged in .
but as i understand it that is just for the power portion of the fan ?
do n't the rgb cable from the fans also need to go somewhere ?
or do i have that wrong and they are powered/controlled from the fan headers as well .
if not where does the rgb cable from the fan get attached to ?
i know that there are also fan splitter cables https www.arctic.de/us/4-pin-pwm-fan-splitter-cable/accbl00007a but i do n't know if that is necessary since these can be daisy-chained i believe .
or would it still be a good idea to help manage things ?
do i have the best locations to plug in the case fans as per my mobo diagram ?
do i need to plug in the rgb cable from the fans somewhere on the mobo .
i only see one rgb header on the mobo ?
so i have an lg gram view ips portable monitor model 16mq70 that i can connect to my xps 15 and my macbook pro 14 via usb-c/thunderbolt 4 ports without a problem .
on my xps 13 plus however the display powers up it gets juice from the port but the laptop does n't recognize it .
if i go into the bios and turn off thunderbolt 4 support then the display works fine .
same if i keep thunderbolt 4 turned on but check the box to limit usb-c ports to power and display only which presumably also turns off thunderbolt 4 .
just wondering if anyone else has seen this issue .
i want to block some annoying sites that i always get by my search results on duckduckgo .
i had in the past a rule to block it but i lost it .
and know when i 'm looking on the internet i find only old posts with non/half working filters .
hello i 've never used reddit before so forgive any mistakes or weird formatting .
my friend 's dog destroyed his 2017 tank top and i 'm wondering if anyone on here has on they would like to sell .
also interested in 2018 tank top because he also attended that year but that one got destroyed a while ago too .
i 'd like to replace both for him as a holiday gift because they meant a lot to him .
his original tank top was a men 's size xxl but he is an xl now so his current size is the one id prefer but an xxl tank top specifically i 'd be ok with .
i believe i added a photo of the design the tank top had
i use an electric panasonic shaver and it always leaves white residue on my face after each shave .
looks like the sort of thing that sprays from the shaver .
does anyone living in townhouse have experience building a small hobby greenhouse in the backyard ?
it 's still in construction so there 's no information on hoa regulations .
i 'm thinking of putting up a polycarbonate greenhouse about 6'10”-7'6 high .
generally speaking would hoa oppose to this sort of construction ?
if you 've managed to get such a greenhouse in your backyard did the hoa give you any trouble and how did you get thru it ?
also a side question how are the rules made by hoa ?
who 's in charge and can community members participate ?
example of the type of greenhouse i 'm thinking of purchasing https www.gardeners.com/buy/palram-canopia-balance-greenhouse-8x12/8588023.html ? channable=41187569640038353838303233ea sc=gglpla gclid=cj0kcqia99ybbhd9arisalvzavvfei971z-ovpucp9vxoigms0wx6xgrhs9uufvmcql4dq4f6ckwkceaai1gealw_wcb
i wanted to masturbate today i was thinking about the lies that have been formed and did n't happen in reallity i almost lost sleep .
she 's been obessed with my room she got the mental health team i was fixing my computer she applied for apointeeship i ca n't move out .
i got an email that says this apply for the miles more® world elite mastercard® by 11/30/2022 and you 'll receive a chance to earn 80,000 award miles ''
am i allowed to apply if i 'm a usa citizen only who is only temporarily staying in greece for a few months ?
how does this work and what are the pros and cons of applying ?
this is the super poll for the favorite male ros !
next week i will create an overall poll for the favorite zesh ros using the top 3 of this poll and the top 3 for the female ro super poll conducted earlier .
i was reading a lot about alta selling there utility assets in alaska for them to speed up there deleveraging process .
i have seen a massive dip in utilities in general and was wondering if this is the reason why .
many of you have seen what has happened to aqn was wondering if the same is approaching alta .
there payout ratio is around 155 leaving me a little worried when looking to nibble into the company a bit .
it seems like the company has strong support in the 21 zone and 12 zone from its all time chart .
are any of you happy with managements decision making as i do n't have much experience with the company and am wondering if i should dig deeper ?
you can get woom bikes near me deals https tiny.one/5d5runtr by clicking the link .
on that page there are current promo codes coupons or deals etc .
i had just took a leave for a week .
and i was able to set my schedule but i had gotten sick so i had to take a leave .
now i 'm feeling better and they tell me but end date is the 18th of november which is today i do n't see any shifts to pick up ?
and my week starts on saturday and that 's when i 'm able to pick up shifts and i have to work 30 hours a week .
also they said they drop shifts on thursday but they have n't posted any yet .
but last week when i was able to pick my shifts they posted some on tuesday so i 'm very confused and worried ima lose points or get fired
i do not have a tolerance but do have a decently extensive history usage of opiates with the main one being codeine
i 've found my sweet spot for oxycodone being my favourite opiate so far is 30mg oral .
how much hydromorphone would i have to snort to get a similar effect ?
i was thinking around 6mg or is that too much ?
day seven with my tlc-x had used tape and canister for a few days while waited for it to be delivered but otherwise new to restoring .
originally tried to sleep with it on under mild tension but it kept falling off whenever i turned over so i 've decided against it .
skin seems pretty stretchy i 'm unable to use the shortest pusher rod effectively had to move up to the next size .
found i can also tolerate all 13.5 ounce weight pretty easily .
kudos to everyone restoring who does n't have the luxury of working from home not sure i 'd be able to keep up if i were commuting and in an office all day .
i have thousands of image files the date of which are all when they were copied to my hd .
i would like to search them on their metadata by date looking for a certain event .
is there any way to batch search the metadata by date ? ?
took delivery of a sundance 780 chelsee a few weeks ago .
so far it 's been awesome and the chemical balancing has been pretty manageable thanks to all the excellent advice to just get a taylor drop test kit to start .
question for the experts out there i 've had a heck of a time with free chlorine .
i add chlorine a couple of times a week and it just seems to disappear .
i 've added as much as three capfuls about 3 tbsp and tested a few hours later to get about a 4.5 ppm reading only to have the chlorine be down to maybe .5-1.0 ppm a day or two later .
we use it quite a bit but it just seems like it 's eating chlorine .
the one difficulty i 've had with the taylor kit is reading the ph .
i 'm not colorblind but dang if it 's not difficult to discern between 7.6 7.8 and 8.0 .
i think my ph was hanging around 7.8-8.0 so last sunday i put in some dry acid to get it down to 7.4ish thinking maybe the higher ph was to blame but i put in three capfuls of chlorine after a 30 minute soak last night and today it registered between .5-1.0 ppm again .
just wondering if there 's any simple advice on things to look into before i reach out to my dealer for advice .
thanks for all the wonderful help this community offers !
i have n't seen anyone talking about it so i 'm going to .
yukimiya stole the ball from isagi brilliantly dribbled past 6 players but his shot was stopped by chris .
what if he had n't stolen the ball from isagi ?
1st scattered players that was a unique opportunity because all the players were spread out the kaiser was out of focus and with him off the board isagi could act with more freedom .
2nd isagi x kurona thinking logically isagi could n't dribble 6 players like yuki did but with kurona 's help it would be possible since their combination has been unstoppable so far .
they would also get past the last two defenders as isagi 's reach is shorter than yuki 's .
3rd meta-vision chris would try to block isagi 's kick like he did with yuki however isagi would notice him with meta-vision and kick in a direction he could n't reach which would possibly be the top left part of the goal .
well at least that 's how i think it would go .
auch wenn ich aktuell etwas beschäftigt bin möchte ich gerne etwas zum dd-november beitragen daher gibt es wie es sich gehört eine richtig autistische fällige sorgfalt .
partei logistik dienstleister aus asien die kerry logistics network ltd. gehen .
das hauptbüro und die börsennotierung befinden sich in hong kong offiziell eine sonderverwaltungszone duftender hafen '' mittlerweile jedoch praktisch unter kontrolle von winnie pooh .
beheimatet ist die holding allerdings wie es sich für wasserdichte firmen gehört auf den bermudas .
es geht hierbei ausdrücklich nicht um die firma die irische butter herstellt !
gegründet wurde das unternehmen 1981 als ableger eines absolut solide finanzierten chinesischen immobilienentwicklers der kerry properties ltd. im jahr 2013 wurden die logistikoperationen per spin-off separat an die börse gebracht .
beherrscht wird dieses firmenimperium von robert kuok multimilliardär und der reichste mann malaysias .
dieser besitzt ebenfalls anteile an der luxushotelkette shangri-la wkn 886778 dem palmölproduzenten wilmar wkn a0kewl sowie einer firma für schüttgutfrachter und tanker .
durch einen deal im februar 2021 wurde die mehrheitsbeteiligung von kuok an den chinesischen logistikkonzern sf holding in shenzhen börsennotiert wkn a1czgk verkauft .
damit wurde eine kooperation zwischen den beiden firmen geschlossen sf holding ist hauptsächlich in mainland china aktiv man hat dort 2019 z.b .
das china-geschäft von dhl übernommen kln konzentriert sich noch stärker auf die internationalen operationen .
in dem zusammenhang wurden auch lagerhallen in hong kong an kerry properties und die operationen in taiwan an die kerry group übertragen .
einer sonderdividende von 7,28 hkd pro aktie aus den verkaufserlösen der lagerhallen und taiwanesischen tochterfirma .
kln und sf sind zusammen das größte asiatische logistikkonglomerat .
kln hat allein über 43.000 mitarbeiter ist global in 59 ländern aktiv auch deutschland und wird dieses jahr einen umsatz von deutlich über 10 mrd .
der umsatz wächst kontinuierlich die firma arbeitet mit solidem freien cashflow .
dieser wird auch kontinuierlich über dividenden an die aktionäre weitergegeben .
das wachstumspotential in asien ist enorm groß und man hat einen deutlichen größenvorteil gegenüber wettbewerbern .
kln hält 52,1 an kerry express thailand bk kex tha078010008 .
kerry express ist der führende lieferdienst in thailand marktanteil 40 und in einem total gehypten ipo ende 2020 am ersten tag zeitweise 170 an die börse in bangkok gegangen .
kex investiert massiv in service same day delivery door 2 door und hat sich in den letzten monaten auf einen preiskampf mit den wettbewerbern eingelassen daher gab es große verluste im h1 2022 .
packstationen versucht man das problem in den griff zu bekommen nächstes jahr werden wieder nettogewinne erwartet .
der kurs ist vom ipo-preis 28 bht nach einem kurzen ausflug über die 60 bht auf den boden der tatsachen zurückgekehrt 18 bht die marktkapitalisierung liegt aktuell bei 900 mio .
angesichts der wachstumsaussichten finde ich das unternehmen spannend erinnert mich etwas an coupang .
handelbar in frankfurt und hong kong gettex listing wegen fehlender lei nicht möglich
ich bin zufriedener deutsche post aktionär und sehe in kln eine günstig bewertete ergänzung mit fokus auf den asiatischen markt .
ein gewisses risiko im zusammenhang mit china ist selbstverständlich vorhanden allerdings sind die operationen recht gut diversifiziert weltweit mit einem hohen amerika-anteil .
zusätzlich bekommt man mit der aktie noch eine beteiligung an einem express-lieferdienst in thailand .
wenn die bewertungen für solche wachstumsunternehmen wieder anwachsen und der operative turnaround klappt bringt dies zusätzlichen wert für kln aktionäre .
made my first custom action figure and wanted to share !
need to make custom cardstock back and a plastic casing to make it look like a proper action figure but will update when that 's done !
i 'm looking to get a new keyboard that 's fully weighted and 88 keys .
i know these are both good keyboards but all i really care about is playability .
i 've read the arturia is very heavy like more than an actual piano and some people like it but others find it too sluggish .
on the other hand i 've read that while the ni s88 is fully weighted some people say that it feels too light .
in terms of playing experience which one would you pick and why ?
or let me know if there 's an even better 88 key midi keyboard that has a better playing experience
i 'm rewatching some movies i have n't seen in 15-20 years .
i 'm not sure if i 'm interested in taking all movies as a group and rating them in order or taking each series and rate them as your favorite to least .
whichever what 's your ratings for those that have seen them ?
feels like covid has ruined so many former late night spots .
edit the homie 's flight ended up getting cancelled 🥲 thanks though y'all
apple pencil 1st generation sold 60 shipped|hardly used basically brand new .
includes apple pencil lightning adapter replacement tip unused and box/documentation .
payment via paypal goods services or local 94041 cash .
first things first mounds is 💯 a people pleaser .
please do not waste her time if you have no intention in buying .
she is a great conversationalist very witty and comes across as genuine which is refreshing to say the least .
she was diligent to ensure she covered all details of my panty order and iterated that she wanted my experience to be perfect .
her prices are spot on for her services and she does n't pressure you at any point .
after we agreed on the details she provided verification and daily updates on my order .
i got a little busy with life but she kept the order going and expeditiously shipped my package out with tracking once ready .
when my panties arrived they were better than expected .
even had a little bonus included with a hand written note .
long story short mounds is amazing and you need to work with her .
got double charged for an item and ca n't find the tag .
any way i can get a refund for the double charged item or am i just out of luck ?
does anyone know if it 's a direct swap for a regular etron ?
i wish my brain could be normal and i knew how to express myself and my feelings better .
i finally get a chance to speak and all of the wrong things come out .
maybe he will forgive me in the future but i doubt it .
xfinity gouges with various taxes and fees like renting their stupid box.sling and fubo have awful user interfaces and often do n't carry the games anyway.any other options out there ?
it seems like hulu might work for me for warriors giants green acres re-runs .
it also seems like there are a lot of illegal streaming sinners out there but i blame capitalist greed for driving us toward the dark path .
so i have the formula if b 2 '' all '' 'follow-up ' !
cd7 sumifs 'wq wip ' ! ax ax 'wq wip ' ! d d 'data ' ! d 3 'wq wip ' ! g g '' general ''
when i drag it into the next cell it would change to ce7 but how do i tell it to choose cf7 instead ?
i 'm planning to fix the kitchen hood fan that currently vents into the attic .
the new duct will be a 25 foot straight horizontal run .
my plan is to remove the existing squirrel cage fan and replace with a larger 8 460cfm inline fan .
i 'd like to control the new fan with the existing control panel .
the squirrel cage fan is supposedly 390cfm on high but is barely up to the task of venting straight up .
i 'm limited to a 3.25 x 10 discharge from the hood which i realize is a bottle neck .
for the long run i figured to upsize to 8 round .
another question i had was wiring the control to the new fan .
how to connect to new variable speed motor fantech with just brown blue black ?
trying to launch an ml-based django website that manipulates images on google app engine .
naturally the ml model needs a lot of processing power .
currently have it setup in app.yaml with 'cpu 20 ' and 'memory_gb:18 ' .
this already seems overkill but it still ca n't handle images that my pc can .
my pc has an i7-8750h cpu and 8gb of ram .
can someone please explain the cpu concept and some normal '' cpu equivalents ?
some sort of resource timeout that 's happing in app engine and not happening on my pc ?
also is there any way to increase the number of cpus without scaling the ram that much ?
increased it as otherwise could not deploy but i do n't think my app really needs it
the errors when running on gce are critical worker timeout pid:12 and info worker exiting pid 12 .
some google searches reveal that it might be an issue with gunicorn timing out .
for any people from the future that found this post
so if the process you 're running takes over 30 seconds with the hardware that you 've selected the site will crash .
i fixed it by adding — timeout 450 at the end of the execute gunicorn command in my enterypoint.sh .
i 'm looking for input on my first attempt at a skeleton ship list https www.moxfield.com/decks/zjtyyakkbugiqndhpprojw .
most of it is a transfer from the commander 's quarter 's list from a few years back but i have cut/replaced a decent amount of cards as well .
i 'd really appreciate any input and special tech you have to offer please !
like up above i 'm looking for players who are interested in a long term party deal .
y'know playing multiple campaigns with each other and such .
i already have two games set up that would be played the first being a two-shot a one-shot i edited to make a little more fun and a completely homebrew roleplay heavy campaign of mine after .
applications that we will be using include d d beyond owl bear and discord .
there will be a server in place so this is all possible .
further in depth info about the games will be posted there .
any ages are welcome but i am trying to stay within the 15-19 range since i am not that old lmao .
since this is an online campaign i typically go by zest/zesty .
i 'm 16 and have been dming for 3 years now about to be 4 .
from previous games that i 've run i have been told that i 'm a great dm not too shabby .
wether or not you believe it is something you have to find out lol .
my journey of the game started in my freshman year of high school and i 've been hooked ever since .
compared to others i have n't been a dm for terribly long but i can say that i know my way around a thing or two .
and one of the reasons i mentioned rusty dm in the title is because i have n't been running games as much as i would like to .
i 've be been a player for quite a bit now and wanted to switch it up .
i 'm super high in energy so beware and i am still in school as any other teen would be .
nothing like stashing my schedule with everything i love .
that is all i have for you lovely people .
g'day i am a 20 year old aussie tourist staying in florence till saturday with a few mates .
was wondering if there are any good spots for nightlife/party ?
we were also seeing if there would be anything happening tonight
here i show my life share with you my atmosphere https onlyfans.com/luly_baby/c1
we live in a country that was run by transphobe religious nutters for the last 9 years .
the hardship was a very deliberate consequence of lnp policy to make life hard for the people they hated .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfpix if you have any questions or concerns .
ist mir auch was neues hier und da hauen sich da mal welche auf die nase aber von waffengebrauch auch selten was gehört .
da stehen auch vor den kneipen teilweise türsteher die haben aber bisher noch niemanden aussortiert es sei derjenige war körperlich nicht mehr in der lage die türschwelle unfallfrei zu übertreten .
synthesis seems to be the best org out there but theyre not opened yet in oregon and u need to b oregonian to facilitate colorado seems your best bet
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
feel free to join us on discord https discord.gg/bonzos .
there are over 9000 members and plenty of people to talk to privately if you 're looking for advice or support .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/benzodiazepines if you have any questions or concerns .
an interesting trend we 've noticed is that merch revenue has increased after rebrandings despite negative receival from fans .
one theory is that this is due to the football crests being redesigned to resemble fashion logos and that this stimulates purchases .
welcome to the things you have time to learn when you do n't have children !
floyd posed as a water repairman to force his way into the woman 's home .
his gang of thugs then followed him inside and robbed her while he pointed a gun at her belly .
the way i thought this was upvoted because people agreed with this logic .
when you give a monster lrs you 're supposed to reduce their hp by a certain amount .
it 's either 10 20 or 30 hp per lr .
to be clear you do n't deal damage to use lrs .
i think it 's safe to say that a lot of us had similar thoughts and worries .
um ständig auf hürden zu stoßen und am ende dank bürokratie doch nichts zu verändern ?
i was just role-playing it as having dud primes on my 1895 shack made ammo turning bug into a feature .
also i forget to reload on my own and i 'm constantly checking my dots if they are white anyway lol .
this is your fourth submission this month placing you on rank 34 for the highest number of submissions leaderboard .
at the time of writing you had accumulated 17 submission karma placing you on rank 370 of the submission karma leaderboard .
join us on the anime memes discord https discord.com/invite/axisorder .
tbh i should probably start a new map i just love building stuff in this game and i 've built so many forts and safe zones i do n't wan na give it all up !
it was like there was a different writing staff on those parts
i have two kids and my wife does n't work .
died doing what they love being angry and not believing scientific fact .
it 's fantastic for multiplayer because everyone sees the ping .
if i want someone to see where i 'm looking i just ping a billion times until they find the pings .
if there 's lower demand for the bigger product it somehow ends up cheaper than the smaller/lesser product because nothings more expensive than static stock .
yeah wtf is he on about only zapatistas could be put in the poor people camp .
the revolution was started by madero and continued by his men
the irony of rand writing the books she did and then dying alone with her cats poor and living off welfare
please read all the rules before engaging in this sub .
some general reminders kinkshaming is strictly against the rules .
ask first do n't assume and pushing boundaries or kinks on others is not ok. we 're adults here so communicate please !
if this post is breaking the rules report it .
if any of the commenters are abusive and breaking the rules let the mods know and use this post https www.reddit.com/r/ftmspunished/comments/l3hgeo/when_reporting_things_please_please_do_the to your aid so we can keep the entire community safe !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ftmspunished if you have any questions or concerns .
money america 's music market is about 10 times bigger than korea
that 's just how much this video still messes with me
i see him all the time and he 's in good health mentally ?
noodlers ahab for most stuff which is website examples and here on reddit but i have some senator professionals with flexible gold nib from that time period which give superb results fine nib and bouncy flex which i used throughout working years .
the fine nib encourages smaller outlines which i find adds to speed .
the ahabs give a thicker line and clearer image for scanning which is what i am aiming for nowadays although they too are perfectly good for all shorthand purposes as well .
i agree with all that youre saying but it 's just insane that he 's doing all this after agreeing to that 4 year extension or whatever it was .
like the faith in success changed that quickly lol idk what he was thinking taking that massive extension when people were already predicting it would go like this
love the bargain of a dinner that 's healthy and very tasty .
been trying to do more of this myself as i live in nyc and inflation is a bitch
you 'd think they could have sold it off to another hospital or something .
as you improve your efficiency across the horn you wo n't have to breath as much .
long tones long slur patterns and simply seeing how long you can play without breathing are good ways to achieve this
yup fuck the ice cream it can melt i 'm waiting for a start up !
it 's made for them unless you are deadmau5 who does it himself lol .
go pick up a copy of resolume avenue and some visuals from their site and learn !
hellcutter is a bad artifact for luna and esp in this team .
you already have 100 crit chance and all the dual attacks are gon na reset the attack stack .
he said that if he gives him a call he will think about it .
there are lots of reasons to take hulk over ricciardo
2 he was never that far away compared to one his teammates like ricciardo was with norris .
he was always on their level or better than them .
4 hardworking and is willing to work on simulator .
lol i remember my friend prank me by screenshooting my desktop which is also full pf temporary files '' hide all the desktop icons and taskbar the change the wallpaper to the screenshoot..
i 'm gon na assume that english is n't your first language and these questions are coming from a genuine place .
they can also be used as a singular where gender is not disclosed .
this looks more geared to people who ca n't make it past installing python and running a cli .
if you 're already setup there is n't a huge reason to switch .
javik is the walking renegade option and the best deconstruction of mysterious forerunners ''
nah fuck what he says you look hot af 🤤
1 to 1 copies is asking for too much map is different length and size wise as well
i think it is more about making choices for yourself ans stick with a focus .
it is so common too lose sight of life .
when you are minimizing you make more coutious choices and are aware that you can make them to some people say make your life easier=simpler .
did n't aokiji predicted wb 's attack and changed his shape before that ?
yes i am biased because kis has n't shown any strong haki whereas rest of the admirals have shown strong haki so gb should naturally have strong haki as well .
i think it is natural to assume just like it is natural to assume all yonko level character have sky splitting acoc or something at same level .
fujitora can read people 's emotion and their inner thoughts you think that wo n't help in battles .
kid has shown nowhere that he has haki like that at least .
in no attacks i saw kid having armament coating .
again it 's just your theory but i agree eos kid might be able to do that .
but that is nowhere enough for him to be yonko level .
it 's just your take buddy just like you think he will i think he wo n't and i guess mine make sense becuase he has to grow exponentially for that .
he is not a main story character so i do n't think he will ever achieve that .
even the writer has n't shown him to be that relevant in the story law has been shown far more relevant than him .
przypomnę tylko że problem pedofilii to nie wymysł pisu to już było za po .
preschools here are also disease epicentres but the teachers and other staff are usually kind caring and pedagogically inclined and from what i 've seen very well equipped to handle violence amongst the children it happens and disabled children are welcomed and included and get whatever extra things they need .
even though i lived in an area that did n't play this kind of music i had a friend who owned this album and it changed me !
it 's almost like it 's been widely reported that the majority of those who stayed are on a visa .
weird how you all make it a race thing when it 's convenient for you
you wait this long to announce no ng and patch in an option to keep the hood up during combat which should have been there at launch .
i only drank it for maybe five years max but boy did it age me rapidly in that short span .
if you just amplify your stock speakers they 'll sound louder but you 'll blow them really quick .
the only thing you 'll be getting from your stock stereo is signal not power .
the numbers you need to look at are whatever are on the new amp and speakers you 're thinking of buying .
from experience even though it 's pricey i would purchase the audiocontrol amps w/built in signal processing if you 're keeping the stock head unit .
it 'll make wiring and sound so much better and easier .
when broadbeach gold coast police station was raided by afp 4 or 5 years ago and they found illegal steroids in officers lockers .
the story given by one of the caught out officers is that they would perform shakedowns and take what they wanted from escorts criminals so forth take what they want and let them be with the rest of their business
same i was thininking about getting them as well as confetti cake plus another random tub to make for the bogo excited to have some milk flavours !
pretty sure keyton had an issue too as he did n't play until 2nd half .
i 'd love to eat your pussy and ass till you cum in my mouth and on my face
haha or they learn from history and see that religion is always at the top when it comes to wars and hate .
all the commentators mixed up their names for a good minute there .
in ancient times the victor 's drank from their slain enemies skulls .
i 'm sure a part of it had to do with the current economy .
yeah it 's just unfortunate that it 's impossible to program in an option to turn it off .
or to have the text box appear at the same time as everything else instead of being sequential .
perhaps one day this indie dev will have the resources necessary to do that ...
i pay 30 bucks monthly which is cheaper than one shop which i used prior to sidekick .
i 'm a smaller seller and still feel it boosted sales tremendously
one of the actors on instagram said that we could expect it around may or june of 2023 .
thankyou but i previous poster has done so at this point in time .
yours is also a rigid perspective if you are trying to discount his ?
i hope you are n't quiet ... i want to hear you as my tongue slips deeper and deeper .
i 've never been ... . you ca n't just get the tug you got ta get the rub ?
i do n't think nau is really known for any special programs .
asu has great engineering business u of a is big on sciences .
sad thing is flag is n't that far from lv really .
tbh i 'm quite bad at the game so maybe i 'm not good enough to use him properly but he 's way better then haaland for me .
if you get him near the box and you can aim a shot well then it 's always going in .
you get blue screens continously it makes system unstable .
i just wanted to see if it 's even worth that .
i would n't buy it at 1149 for sure .
i do n't take the exception as the rule .
make sure to follow our community guidelines and use the report option to flag posts and comments for mods to review .
get user flair https redd.it/gpcgdy and check out our sister satellite subreddits in the sidebar for more content !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladiesofwrestling if you have any questions or concerns .
but after presenting ryuken in the same vein as ishin it was not that surprising anymore .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it is one of this subreddits all time top posts
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to this comment and a moderator will thoroughly check the thread and fix it if required i.e .
this crowd seems ready to ride or die with hayter and i agree with them .
because he did n't get banned for disagreeing politically he got banned for using twitter to incite a mob to attack the capitol .
regardless of what you think about that choice or on january 6th that is the thing that twitter cited for banning him
ah yeah my neighbor subjugated me early on now his fleet science and eco is pathetic to me so i 'm trying to insult him to starting a war with me makes sense thanks !
i watched an episode yesterday that had a flying bus .
it legit looked like it was drawn in 1977 .
next n25 is most likely kanade 's since she is the only person who did n't get their 3rd event still .
i personally feel kaito will come when mafuyu lose with her mom whenever that will happen .
sd eurosport is so shit i got eurosport^hd and the resolution is between 480-720p
he cased the jump too he did n't just stop lol
i mean women like men and then straight men have sex with those women who also have sex with men .
tbh straight men having sex with other straight men is probably the straightest sex possible .
now imagine a nearby hill and small rock beach with waves
i thought the sage took his sun and moon things back after kaguya was sealed .
may the odds be ever in your favor around here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cumsluts if you have any questions or concerns .
nice setup i 'm tapped out at the moment but do you have any beamshot videos by chance ?
are green tips the ones that pierce armor or are they the ones that blow the lungs out of the body
i think your over estimate how much china or russia cares about nk .
mene to tereko motivate karne ke liye bola tha.. kal se 7 ki bajaye 5 baje uthiyo
i 've not been paying very close attention and reddit has n't been notifying me for comments .
it 's not a term i 'd heard before .
i made it up not that it really deserves its own name .
i called it a crab-car because it crab walks around the corners with the rear wheels turning in more responsivly than the fronts .
i went in just making a generic jelly tune but got this instead .
what did they do to ray that people dont like
but you forget who the current presenters are 1/2 of them you would be more likely to find 100ft from a primary .
there will be a around 12 mins of stoppage right ?
leistungsträger™ werden angemessen belohnt weil sie sich entschieden haben in eine reiche familie hineingeboren zu werden pöbel weiterhin neidisch . ''
i would also add that i find the advantage of isa quite overrated
lets say i make a profit as you say of 420k in eu perhaps i have to pay 100k tax on that .
if i have 2 kids and need to pay for private school in london but i dont in the eu country in 2 years !
there are many many other costs that will be way higher in london compared to the eu country .
again in every war children are murdered on purpose .
not a single war in the world has this not happened .
i had cleared majority of the ship before getting here and i was very confident i had killed the entire lobby but somehow this little guy got in here without me having any clue
my mom and brother questioning why there are so many autistic people .
me its almost like they are injecting people with neurotoxins at young ages .
my brother my girlfriend says autism comes from the parents not having good intentions while having sex .
wrong this debate is so fucking stupid cause 100 of the people weighing in just use one or the other and have n't tried out what it 's like on both .
i was using both and still did the same .
if you 're on controller and ca n't keep up with mouse you 're not very good at the game and if you 're on mouse and ca n't keep up with aim assist then you 're not very good either .
people on here calling this game trash cuz there 's no cross play switch lmao i promise input has less of an impact than you all think it does in the average lobby like we all play in
interested in a lot of your sealed stuff what were you looking at of mine ?
few cards have been sold/traded so far from this post but most notably plasma storm charizard and alt art charizard are still available
ma come ... io vedo i primi tre a poco piú di 14 .
i 've got some property near williamsburg i would love to let ya come detect metal there !
the uk 's nhs system for example does not make them not capitalist and its not socialism .
fox news calls it that as propaganda though so i guess if you like fox you can call it that .
lol second as shittycatdicks said have them try out other roles to see how they work .
yeah i live where there a tonnes for pretty colours on the birds alllllll the time great to see
so even though they have the budget to offer relocation for this req which i do n't need i ca n't ask for it instead as a signing bonus ?
this reminds me of when i thought i was just a masc enby until someone asked me if i would still identify as enby is i were amab and that made me realize i 'm ftm
lulz hätte nicht gedacht das mein kennzeichen so viel fame bekommt 😂 dabei hatte ichs ja nur mal kurz her gezeigt .
thanks mate you cleared it up for me and yeah it 's beast master pet that he 's very attached too
considering this is like the 10947226th port the bugs are just there they 're a part of the lore at this point .
i feel that big e can make a comeback .
kofi might turn heel for the first time on new day and end up going for the main title with mvp .
with stadium that big and people of 67,000 attendees ?
i personally never ever seen someone hold or brings food to you in this large league or match .
i do n't know where you saw that before in that scale .
i 'm flying in 2 days and am curious lol .
my buddy has a bronzit beige metallic 4 door he is currently restoring .
that 's just a lot of excuses and explanation for something very simple
reminds me of one seller story na nabasa ko sa facebook .
nagpagawa ng one dozen couple shirt si guy para i surprise yung gf nya .
here comes the catch nahuli nyang nag cheat yung gf nya before pa ung bday celebration nya .
ang problem is huli na nagawa na ung mga couple shirt and ready na for delivery .
of course not rubbing salt to the wound ang mangyayari kay guy but at the end of the day business is business and you need to show up .
the actual music staff would be looking over at him with a mixture of pity and disdain while he was playing .
it 's a very little amount and is n't warm have n't used hot water since last night .
is this just something to keep an eye on or is it an urgent issue ?
it was a mix of low interest rates excess savings from the pandemic and very low real estate inventory from dec to march .
there were like no new listings in toronto proper jan feb .
i think clay dying in book 5 would have left a bigger impact to the series given how he 's always been seen as the big brother and heart of the group .
it would have shaken things up and made the reader aware that not even beloved characters are safe .
at this point she 's the character who appeared in the most books and she 's also a fighter .
hello i 'm an airbnb host i just got super powers superhost ... i 've been in it for a while ... wondering if it would help to do an ama ?
if you 're paying 200 for a single phone bill and 200/month for a gym membership then i 'll gladly skip you because i do n't need that kind of stupid in my life
well nobody could help me so i deleted the whole game .
tell me you dont look at lane state without telling me you dont look at lane state
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigass if you have any questions or concerns .
this is ridiculous but i still love danilo giving 120 for the picture .
the bottom picture tells me everything i need to know about this bot with this feature .
oh cool made up shit defending a domestic abuser and guy who posted revenge porn and an ex girlfriend address online for revenge .
self defense against a guy coming for you with a gun for literally existing in a hoodie when the police told zimmerman to not follow him .
also i saw your comments defending the civil guard founded by a self admitted on court record neo nazi with a swastika tattoo https nmpoliticalreport.com/2020/08/21/the-founder-of-new-mexicos-new-militia-was-a-neo-nazi-skinhead
it 's a good recommendation he just tends to get super defensive because his dad never did any of that stuff so i think in his mind the fact that he executes on my to-do list is more than enough .
he does n't seem to understand the mental load associated with the list itself .
also when i say something like can you see what kid 2 wants to do for his party and book it ? or can you decide on a present he will come back with 25 options and present them to me .
i 've started trying to say i trust your judgement this is your call but honestly sometimes it 's just easier to do it myself .
which i know is n't doing me any favors .
pulsa darurat telkomsel you must be truly desperate to come to me for help ''
run around in battle labs for a while and it 'll clear up .
you could cover most temp ranges with your exped pad a western mountaineering versalite and a katabatic flex 30 .
maybe add a vapor barrier liner to the list for combining the two of them in really cold conditions .
i only use the fl limiter for volume control on something that already has volume being automated .
never touch anything other than the gain/ceiling knob on it
crying on reddit is definitely way to go to change that 🙃
normally the router should have a setup page that you can get to bby going to it 's ip either listed in the manual or on a sticker on the bottom of the device it 'd also be the gateway device if you do an ipconfig .
from there your wifi settings should tell you what it 's using .
i assume all the gear related has already been restarted ?
yeah after the creative bankruptcy that was swsh and bdsp i do n't understand why this game is suddenly the tipping point for the community .
it runs a bit worse than those games but does n't look worse and actually has effort placed in more relevant areas so i do n't get why people were fine with gen. viii but suddenly developed standards .
the thing for me is im muscles and people tell me i 'm handsome all the time .
the problem lies where in 1-2 years into the relationship a guy gets comfortable settles into it and all of a sudden the magic is gone and so are their feelings .
that 's why you use white ink for the detail it 's possible .
if you are having a problem with your account beware of scammers who may comment or dm you telling you to contact someone who can fix your account or they may even ask you for money or your login information .
if you receive a message like this block and report them !
anyone who legitimately wants to help you will give you help publicly in the comments .
the moderators of this subreddit are not associated with facebook .
they can not help you with any facebook issues .
as a reminder here is a copy of our rules .
please read them and if your post violates any of them please delete it to avoid a minimum 3 day ban .
this includes screenshots of facebook posts without a request for tech support .
we do not allow posts or comments to contain any personal information even if it 's your own .
the only exception to this rule is if the information is related to a public figure .
this is also not the place to advertise your facebook page website gofundme or anything else .
if you would like to advertise your facebook page on reddit we recommend you check out r/facebookpages .
including a link to a facebook profile page group or post in a tech support context also violates this rule .
there are other communities with millions of subscribers dedicated to memes and humor .
there is no need for it to be here .
if you want memes and humor on reddit check out r/funny or r/memes .
if you have a tech support problem that is related to nsfw such as why am i seeing nsfw ads on my feed '' you can describe the issue in text .
if facebook is down do not post about it .
there will be a stickied announcement if facebook goes down .
follow reddiquette https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-reddiquette and the reddit terms of service https www.redditinc.com/policies/user-agreement-september-12-2021 .
these rules must be followed in all subreddits and this one is no exception .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/facebook if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not insecure about my wealth to go out and flaunt a 800 toy on my wrist
die sind jetzt also weg ? 😧 hab mich so auf einen weiteren anruf gefreut .
hello u/theoyomboi your post has been automatically removed for being in violation of the subreddit 's rules .
to be specific your post is in violation of rule 3 on r/roblox .
this rule asks that any posts asking questions about your account the site or similar non-discussion '' questions should go in our pinned weekly help thread .
this weekly help post is always pinned at the top of the subreddit .
please make a comment in that thread with your questions .
a good rule of thumb is that if your question is not designed to start discussion in the subreddit it should be put under this thread !
here is a non-exhaustive list of examples of things that should go into the help thread as a comment
questions about your account such as what to do when hacked or how to get your items back .
questions about error messages or technical support for the roblox client or roblox website .
asking for help locating an old game you played before and ca n't remember or locating other assets such as clothing or hats
any other simple questions such as help with events or user made games .
please help us keep r/roblox clean and tidy by using this thread !
please note that this comment is considered a moderator warning so ignoring this automod reply and re-posting your question is grounds for a subreddit ban .
the support thread is always pinned at the top of the subreddit .
you can also use this link to find the latest thread https www.reddit.com/r/roblox/about/sticky
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/roblox if you have any questions or concerns .
sadly they 'd rather shoot us than try to rape us and get their asses beat
if you want to steer clear get an air popper and just avoid the entire mess straight corn no chaser .
i wanted to anyway but it helped push me .
well maybe you can go get tested if not you can adopt or something
you do n't know what you 're talking about .
you do n't know the difference between the word discussion '' and article '' apparently .
you need to sit down now you look really foolish .
do n't say anything else and make it worse .
listen i said just then that i do n't care about this whole debacle if it 's 2 cool and if it 's 4 also cool .
i 'm not going to do proper research into something like that .
feel free to believe it was two based on this one source vs. four based on that one source .
just read both if you 're going to be so mightier-than-thou about research since you clearly care enough to read one .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
that argument assumes all land is equal in usability .
the best quality farming land is currently used for cropping .
livestock is run on land generally unsuitable for cropping .
your post was removed because either your reddit account is too new or you do n't meet the minimum karma threshold or both .
we require a minimum account***-age and total karma post and comment that you do not meet .
messaging mods for the minimums will result in an immediate 30-day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
what method you come up with for the code editor ?
a content size fitting text mesh pro rich text box ?
are the line numbers one large text box too ?
i also did not want kids as a teenager then as an adult i did !
it 's possible to feel sympathy for griner and to want to help her while still recognizing that it 's a terrible idea to swap her for this psychopath who enables mass murder .
ruby and sapphire have the same story but the evil team is different and has different reasoning for their plan .
emerald is unique as both evil teams are there and you fight both throughout the story .
you then have to find rayquaza to stop the groudon and kyogre fight .
black 2 and white 2 are sequels to white and black you should play one from each set to get the full story .
depending on the salt level you could add the are you willing to pay me for an hourly rate of x to fix the problem for you or can it wait until my return date '' .
they could have perfectly cut an exception for you let them have the consequences !
pretty sure mera is getting killed off so no worries there !
if this submission was flaired inaccurately click here https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/wiki/resources wiki_accurately_flairing_content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cryptocurrency if you have any questions or concerns .
my kid won a fight in primary school the other day tyson showed up for a photo op he 's fckn everywhere
20 says he got a vasectomy and did n't tell her .
i 've managed to move the stove forward a little to create a couple cm gap for air to be brought in i 'm guessing the chimney sweep knocked it back accidentally .
also found the initial installation paperwork which mentions that fireboard has been installed so i 'm confident the wall is n't flammable .
good luck to all those who are moving on to the next chapter of their lives !
farmers drug them out there years ago to use as water troughs for livestock
i see the threat of you eventually marrying a man who is not as spiritually mature as you are or as mature as you want to be .
you need a man who will be the leader of your home ... a man who will lead your children toward god .
this man you are with is probably a great guy but you need a solid christian leader .
i 'm suggesting that this issue is a deal breaker .
if you are married for 40 50 years you will be asked to make compromises for that long .
she 's rich and going to a spa with a uniform for a few weeks at the very most
it might help to clarify why you think single mothers are more predisposed to dishonesty than anyone else .
the fryers are always full but on a 20 minute timer .
5 or so fryers can cook a tray of chicken 40 pieces if i recall it is impossible to cook more than 200 pieces per 20 minutes and near impossible to cook more than 400 per hour .
if someone comes in during rush hour and buys two jumbo buckets they 're buying up 20 of the entire restaurant 's stock .
this is not an uncommon occurrence on thursdays and fridays when customers have just received their paychecks
no one was investigating him and no it does n't even track to when joe was vp .
if you do not wish to receive replies or comments on this post you can comment ! lock to lock the comment section .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iwanttobeherhentai2 if you have any questions or concerns .
may be i should go for warrior instead of blood dk ... .
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 100 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
100 combined post comment karma award/awarder karma does not count .
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it or try https www.reddit.com/r/karma/wiki/index/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
considering what happens next in game hunter 's name will turn red when belos takes over .
for me it 's akio abe from your silhouette by anya
bruh this dude literally bringing bad luck to his oshi💀
they already cut the hourly pay rate by 25 in my language market .
god i can not imagine i would refuse an offer for oral sex from someone i am intimate with just because how my labia looks like ... pfff ... those girls are missing out .
women wo n't post on this they too busy eating hot chip and lie
i have n't actually p5 or p5r so i do n't get it
if you push your rank higher the chance of matched with good roamer will be better too .
i guess mythic is n't the ideal rank anymore since it 's so easy to reach but hard to climb higher on ladder .
i think the choice to go there was of course entirely his .
past that you 're ascribing a whole lot of intention to someone whose mind you can not read .
i just think it 's incredibly damaging to us all on the left when we start engaging in the same random lies that the right does .
but it feels like 95 of people who even talk about rittenhouse have literally no clue what happened .
not excusing the actions just know what happened and stop desperately trying to give a moral condemnation .
is our developed understanding of dopamine 's role as the 'motivator ' instead of the 'reward ' the mechanistic equivalent of the expression 'the chase is better than the catch ? '
any idea where i can find nintendo products in amman ?
i have a vague memory of a moment in a darts tournament when a commentator goes 'he thinks he wo n't make it he hopes he wo n't make it he prays he wo n't make it he makes it ! '
it 's such a hype moment and the commentary goes perfectly with it .
unfortunately i do not remember which game it was from though i do know i watched it on youtube .
curious if they sway below the €999 price much before i buy .
i am ishu mittal and its my second day of leaving .
need help in highlighting duplicate entries in excel have been using conditional formatting but that slows down the file too much .
p.s i have tried count if it does work looking for other options .
i want crochet for my cat .its very cute .. but im newer .
ilang hours or days yung turnaround time para ma-apply yung speedboost ?
does the queen now king have to re-knight/dame them ?
i wan na watch gossip girl but i 'm skeptical .
i do n't want to stop watching something i started .
there are shows that i also was skeptical at first but happen to like the show .
i watched the first few minutes of the first episode and i did n't feel like continuing .
edit i know i posted this in other subreddits .
i really started watching them but ca n't continue yet so i was asking if it gets better so i can start these series again .
lots of people are saying these shows are really good so i wan na give it another try .
there are series that i started watching and actually finish so i did n't have to ask there anymore .
i already read the description of these shows and started watching but not everything is explained properly in reviews so i ask here .
i can ask follow up questions here if i have one and interact with replies .
blender make it easy share this 3d modeling workflow .
blender 3d floor plan for interior design https preview.redd.it/lt0odtst0p2a1.jpg ? width=3840 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=8440d1c839979767af2adbbbfe94286fa64e904e
good monday morning traders and investors of the r/stockmarket sub !
welcome to the new trading week and a fresh start !
here are your pre-market stock movers news on this monday november 28th 2022
stock futures fall as unrest in china grows over covid restrictions https www.cnbc.com/2022/11/27/stock-futures-slip-after-a-winning-holiday-week-.html
stock futures fell monday as social unrest from china 's prolonged covid restrictions weighed on markets sending oil prices lower — after wall street notched gains during the thanksgiving holiday-shortened week .
futures tied to the dow jones industrial average lost 178 points or 0.5 .
s p 500 and nasdaq 100 futures each dropped 0.7 .
over the weekend demonstrations broke out in mainland china as people vented their frustrations with beijing 's zero-covid policy .
local governments tightened covid controls as cases surged even though earlier this month beijing adjusted some policies that suggested the world 's second-biggest economy was on its way to reopening .
the developments weighed on sentiment in asia trading with oil futures hovering around new 2022 lows around demand concerns .
shares of companies with big production facilities in the country led premarket losses .
shares of apple lost 1.7 and tesla declined 2.2 in premarket trading .
the moves come after all three major u.s. indexes ended last week higher even with the shortened trading time due to the thanksgiving holiday .
the dow rose 1.78 and the s p 500 increased 1.53 during the short week .
the tech-heavy nasdaq lagged the other two indexes but was still up 0.72 in the same timeframe .
stocks were lifted during the week by comments from federal reserve officials signaling that the central bank would step down its aggressive rate hike path as inflation cools .
minutes from the fed 's november meeting confirmed the likely shift in policy .
a substantial majority of participants judged that a slowing in the pace of increase would likely soon be appropriate the minutes stated .
in the last week of november investors will be watching more earnings reports and a slew of economic releases that will give further information on the state of the consumer and the u.s. economy .
intuit salesforce and five below are among companies scheduled to report earnings .
personal consumption data and the labor report for november will also be released this week .
click here for last week 's s p sectors chart !
click here for today 's s p sectors chart !
click here for this week 's upcoming ipo 's !
apple aapl – apple could reportedly see a production shortfall of close to 6 million iphone pro models due to covid-related unrest at contract manufacturer foxconn 's china factory .
a person familiar with assembly operations told bloomberg that apple and foxconn do expect to be able to make up that shortfall in 2023 .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t=aapl ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
taboola.com tbla – the software company 's stock soared 65.2 in premarket action after it announced a 30-year agreement with yahoo under which taboola will power native advertising on all yahoo platforms .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t=tbla ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
wynn resorts wynn mgm resorts mgm melco resorts mlco las vegas sands lvs – casino stocks rallied in off-hours trading after the chinese government granted the companies provisional licenses to continue operating in macau .
wynn jumped 5.9 mgm added 2.2 melco rallied 8 and las vegas sands rose 3.2 .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t=wynn ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
biogen biib – biogen dropped 5.5 in the premarket after online publication science.org reported that a woman participating in a trial of the experimental alzheimer 's treatment lecanemab had recently died from a brain hemorrhage .
the publication said the trial was sponsored by biogen and japanese pharmaceutical company esai .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t=biib ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
exxon mobil xom chevron cvx – these and other energy stocks fell in the premarket as wti crude touches its lowest level in 11 months .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t=xom ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
anheuser-busch inbev bud – anheuser-busch inbev jumped 4.2 in the premarket after a double upgrade from j.p. morgan securities which raised the beer brewer 's stock to overweight from underweight. the firm now sees the potential for earnings outperformance while also noting a rapidly improving balance sheet .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t=bud ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
first solar fslr – the solar company 's stock fell 2.6 in the premarket following a downgrade by j.p. morgan to neutral from overweight. j.p. morgan 's call notes the stock 's outperformance since the announcement of the inflation reduction act which provided additional incentives for alternative energy .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t=fslr ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
news corp nwsa fox foxa – t. rowe price is the latest major shareholder to express concern about rupert murdoch 's plan to recombine news corp and fox according to a report in the new york times .
the investment firm is news corp 's second-largest shareholder behind the murdoch family with a 12 stake and is said to believe a combination would undervalue news corp shares .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t nwsa ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
pinduoduo pdd – the china-based e-commerce platform beat top and bottom line estimates for its latest quarter as china 's strict covid policies prompted more consumers to shop online .
http charts.finviz.com/chart.ashx ? t=pdd ty=c ta=st_c sch_200p sma_50 sma_200 sma_20 sma_100 bb_20_2 rsi_b_14 macd_b_12_26_9 stofu_b_14_3_3 p=d s=l
reddit moderators and the author do not advise making investment decisions based on discussion in these posts .
analysis is not subject to validation and users take action at their own risk .
what 's on everyone 's radar for today 's trading day ahead here at r/stockmarket ?
i hope you all have an excellent trading day ahead today on this monday november 28th 2022 !
theres a lady i follow on instagram who posts stuff every so often about being silly '' and i do n't know what that means .
we have an nr-tx676e which afaik supports the aac codec for playback of movie downloads etc .
however when i play files that mediainfo app tells me have 6 channels the amp only shows pcm does that mean i 'm not getting multi-channel 5.1 playback ?
and if so could it be because the amp does n't support multi-channel aac playback or is there something else i can investigate ?
i do n't know a great deal about the various audio formats !
mult prea multa lume din jurul meu se sperie de la chestiile astea .
ai mei imi spuneau sa nu mai stau cu routerul aprins in camera toata ziua ca faci cancer sau iti da dureri de cap radiatiile de la el .
chiar nu stiu ce sa cred stiinta spune ca radiatiile neionizante nu au vreun efect rau asupra omului dar am mai citit ca exista si oameni sensibili la radiatiile de acest tip si mai au dureri de cap sau fel de fel de simptome .
just wondering if ateneo 's graduate program specifically the mba still online or is it f2f na in rockwell ?
can someone from the community like put the legion pallet vaulting animation on clown ?
i know it sounds stupid that 's why i wan na see it pleeeease .
e commerce is the new way of doing business and that is also too evolving going through changes all the time .
imagine you purchase an item from an e-commerce portal .
the item usually gets shipped from the warehouse or the fulfilment centre directly to the customer 's doorstep .
this is known as last-mile delivery – that is who is the last stage that item has to travel through .
last-mile delivery can also be classified as business to consumer .
san-francisco was ranked america 's most bike-friendly city in 2021 by forbes https www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2021/06/28/americas-most-bicycle-friendly-cities-infographic ? sh=4a9428f13e0c – in spite of it being a very hilly city .
setting aside any discussion on the validity of forbes ' methodology or rankings what are some other world cities that are bike friendly and are also hilly ?
we 're asking because we make free open-source apps that help people with public transport and multimodality .
but sometimes when we are discussing an app in a new city we may suggest adding a cycling layer .
it would be great to have a counter argument other than if you build it they will come '' .
to show that even hilly cities can and should help cyclists find their way around .
our apps btw are able to help people choose based on their topography – the least hilly way to get from a to b even if it adds distance .
chargers do n't have deandre hopkins and payton may have more freedom to choose a new qb or develop kyler .
any intelligent business man would have gotten it clearly he 's a moron
i tried those actually ... they do n't look right for this build ...
how are you supposed to do any of these suggestions ?
some of us do n't have someone to drive us to and from the appointment !
you ca n't drive if you 're using these kinds of drugs .
sometimes it 's interesting i guess especially for those you usually ca n't reach like vah rudania .
then what they use is a fuckin ' pathetic phone camera .
das hat fast nur was mit hrt zu tun .
selbst wenn eine trans frau ein trainingsregime konstant über ihre transition beibehält wird sie in den allermeisten disziplinen schlechtere sportlichere leistungen erzielen als vor der transition weil testosteron einfach eine enorm starke auswirkung auf kraft usw .
on king of queens tv show their delivery service was called ips ... lol
bbr button up fit pretty tight fit i could 've gotten an xl for a more lose fit
everyone is looking at the right now but few are looking at the long game .
is your college degree going to provide a better life for your girlfriend and son in the future ?
is it worth the struggle they 're going through now to provide a better life later ?
also is there a similar degree path at a closer university that is comparable to the one you 're attending ?
everyone needs to sit down and get on the same page .
if the only options at home are retail/fast food to earn money for your family with no school what 's that going to look like ?
my family is more than ok with doing time apart if it 's for the best interest of everybody to include a job 5 hours away from home but we were also in the military before that job so we 've generally been pretty understandable when someone needs to go several states or countries away from the other person .
understand that your gf is doing all of the work and it would be easier if you were also closer those are extremely valid feelings .
as others have said you need to look at what the plan was and compare it to what the plan should be .
sticking to the plan might be the best case but understand it might make things harder on everyone initially but everyone has to understand and accept that too .
if it 's their first time dealing with this hag/fey creatures the response would be something like
what do you mean 'what exactly does that mean ? '
when i need something i 'll call on you maybe it 's fetching my groceries maybe it 's feeding my ducks maybe it 's killing a fool who tried to get out of doing me a favour .
if i knew what i needed i 'd have you just do it but i do n't know my ducks need feeding until i 'm trapped in a dream . ''
if they 've dealt with this hag before the conversation is likely much shorter since she knows they need her if they actually came back for seconds ah you have questions ?
look man i 'm sorry you can play however you want because its your game but you really ca n't call it a nuzlocke if you use revives .
you even said it yourself nuzlocke is rather customizable outside of 2 core rules
i 'm not saying that is what is causing yours but maybe something to speak to your doctor about .
i re-read that headline several times and i 'm still trying to find the downside .
switch back and forth too quickly and you could get stuck on a black screen for the rest of the match .
not to say that the knight is great but twins broke every way imaginable .
japan is the outlier and not at all representative of what you encounter in europe or latin america .
it 's also irrelevant to what would happen here .
i 'm laughing about you still having him as john tinder in your phone lol .
met my wife 7 years ago on pof and went on our first date day after we just started talking and i said i 'm marrying this woman .
she 's been my sweetheart '' in my phone the entire time .
as others said the repository pattern is your friend .
but i 'm not sure how i 'm going to handle very niche use cases that do n't easily translate between databases and how i 'm going to translate concepts that do n't exist in all databases such as subcollections for one example .
if you 're using a lot of db specific features especially in the nosql world an abstraction to switch between different dbs might cost a lot and cost you performance .
i do n't know your situation so all might be good just pointing it out .
this post brought to you with love by adventure machine https adventuremachine.app.link/ikoapmt99hb .
we try to post about 30 of our deal notifications across the internet to build awareness and help folks find epic flight deals !
want to know if this flight deal is still live and to see all available dates ?
you 've got to get the app https 2q7m.app.link/jgqrpvtsmu so you can
see map of your friends and friends-of-friends in the paris area with rooms available to you to book for free adventure machine 's sister app staycircles https 8fji.app.link/ns88jxgv0u .
printing in pla i know it 's not that great in water but i 'm going to coat with epoxy .
that 's why i chose it wanted something small classy and sparkly haha
do n't use our comment section to steer traffic to your profile .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sluttyconfessions if you have any questions or concerns .
the tutorial forces you to bind and teaches you the innings and workings of relics .
there is a total of 7 free unbindings and for each unbinding used a timer starts to countdown for another free unbinding .
so you do know for sure it just seems i 'm being down voted for people not reading in-game information .
this was a 4 player cabinet like the simpsons game .
both those games have taken a good deal of my change over the years of my youth .
they will aim him 15 yards away from the sun and expect him to swim there
did they treat the cancer there or refer you out .
compared to tetras cyprinids generally have proportionally longer tails not tail fin just the tail smaller eyes a larger dorsal fin with a triangular shape and a much smaller anal fin .
the adults also have thicker more defined scales and are n't transluscent like some tetras are .
tetras aslo tend to have a small extra fin between their dorsal fin and their tail fin and have a more flat body shape .
the solar industry aint gon na grow 5x in the next year !
and yes a graph of candela over time would be one of the most useful pieces of info to know about a light but we have to make do with lumen runtime graphs and mentally calculating the candela
after installing 7zip right click the file you want to extract and click extract all or 7-zip and then extract files extract here or extract to xxx .
look up a tutorial on 7-zip vnv is n't a computer literacy guide .
eh i guess there 's two ways of interpreting it .
that 's one way but too many bigots are calling the lgbt community ‘groomers ' these days
the snp need to persuade people in england wales and northern ireland to vote for mps who will support indyref 2 .
man gastelum had so much potential after winning tuf dude was still incredibly young and had all the attributes to go far .
mentally tough strong chin all around solid skills in striking and grappling .
if he only managed to keep his weight down for 170 .
i really think he could 've been a consistent top 5 at ww .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.imgur.com/724wti1.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
it 's definitely weird looking back at how much hype he had as the clear 1oa i love the guy but i just ca n't say what his stand out trait is .
in the modern nhl you either need to have ankle breaking edge work game breaking speed a booming one timer or incredible vision to be a star .
a player like hughes comes in and you can say sure he 's on the small side but he is too good a skate to be anything but a star once things click .
with laf i 'm rooting for him but not even sure what the thing is that once things 'click ' will make him a star .
he 's just not a great skater does n't have all star vision or a crazy shot etc .
yes this is already a really big issue especially for lightning vs lightning fights .
those are usually quite close already and with ap lightning not being able to ohk flak armor infantry it 's very common for someone to be able to bail their lightning and force a trade .
giving up the repair tool is an incredibly large sacrifice to make which limits this practice almost entirely to throwaway tanks that the driver was n't planning to repair anyway .
as soon as you spot the person who bailed their vehicle the spotting voiceline tells you what class they are so you know what to expect if they 're not an engineer .
giving launchers to engineer would always invalidate the second point .
if they can equip the launcher without getting rid of their repair tool it would also invalidate the first point .
if you do give up the repair tool to equip a launcher you 've already lost the biggest reason to play engineer and might as well play heavy .
no matter how it 's implemented i do n't see any way to give engineers rocket launchers without it causing serious issues .
it also messes with vehicle-air balance if you let every vehicle crew carry g2a lock-ons .
or ultima thule the place of endings and new beginnings .
i think ultima thule because like i said above it 's a place where everything ended for us .
it 's where our long long adventure of 10 years ended and where our new adventure began .
if servers shut down i would assume it would be the end of 14 with the next story wrapped up and potentially a new mmo from se so i think it would be fitting
i just bought a 2017 2ss hoping i dont experience this .
goodluck with the fix though hoping it doesnt cost you your arm and legs
i 'm getting very concerned about our o-line going forward .
the patriots are one of the best teams at pressuring the qb and hardly have to use a blitz package to do it .
i really hope we win this game on thursday but i feel like kirk is going to get sacked more than a handful of times
they took a risk with the ps2 games they can do it again .
wanted to say i 'm the opposite if i 'm doing k i 'm definitely doing enough to have no idea what is going on and i just go wherever my noodle legs take me .
tyt is a fucking joke and always has been .
it is because it 's not run by actual serious leftists but simple minded moralists
bro youre a lifesaver the hotspot thing works perfectly thank you so much
i love how he stays away from her when he walks .
i 've been married for years and my husband proudly walks with me and stays near me whenever we 're in public .
she honestly is so clueless that she can not recognize his obvious signs of being repulsed and disgusted by her .
every bit of his body language and facial expressions shows how hard it is for him to tolerate her presence and how grossed out he is .
he is never in any way actually close to her unless they 're staging a pic for his immigration scam and those are so awkward and obvious .
and she just hurples along absolutely clueless and not caring ... because she literally has zero awareness of what it would feel and look like if someone was actually attracted to her and truly cared about her .
it will always be her chasing paid scamming dick and having to pretend she 's in a relationship when everyone else can see the obvious .
were you bummed when dalos did n't qualify for the world cup ?
break spaghetti and put them in a pot with water
2. add a lot of salt the more the better
4. take out spaghetti when they about to dissolve just by looking at them
yes i thought it was apart of a new curriculum .
sbmm spoil this kind of video now we know you just play in your sbmm turn with people playing like recruit bot
i have never met an ex-spouse who would do this nor know what happened .
i have a corner cupboard in between a normal cupboard and drawers so there is no easy access to it .
it annoys me that i ca n't store anything useful there so i put less used stuff in there but everytime i go to get something out i have to remove whatever is in front and do a blind reach back to get it .
and then things topple over back there and to have to restack them is a real pain pretty much have to get down and into the cupboard in front to reach that black hole of a corner cupboard .
i 'm growing them under a spider farmer sf2000 too 🤘
if you do n't mind games instead of novels then the dragon age games .
never played as a bi or gay male mc myself but heard good things about their romances .
i like zevran in particular he and my warden were bffs by the end of dao .
and given who my warden married keeping a former master assassin with him was certainly wise .
what you think of as you was never anything but the mind itself pretending to be you in a simulation .
raw my tight slutty hole and use my throat pls 🥵
we were better off letting the charlie ward curse continue instead of re-signing rj
sounds like you 're just way too much in your head bro
finally something drake can beat taylor in ... he must be sleeping soundly at night now .
a reminder of the rules for posting and commenting on our sub
this sub is strictly platonic and sfw any users after anything romantic or sexual will be banned this includes users that interact with nsfw subs .
state your age if you are a minor or if you are commenting on a minors post adult users who try to interact with minors will be banned .
if you are a minor and an adult reaches out to you in dms please contact the mods through modmail on the main r/friendship page .
no advertising for any kind of good or services include discord server links
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendship if you have any questions or concerns .
not sure if we should just call them tiktok fans i understand the general idea but it 's the younger gen z crowd that probably matured into wanting to go to shows during the pandemic and formed zero gig etiquette '' before .
younger people at shows also seem to be extremely self-centered .
i got yelled at by a young girl at a show even before the pandemic because she said i was too tall and blocking her view ... well i ca n't really help that .
if i move i 'm going to block somebody else 's view there were mostly shorter girls there and i 'm a somewhat tall dude and it was my favorite band so fuck me am i right ?
it was n't even by the stage i was like in the middle of the venue basically .
but honestly if you look at his last few interviews and performances he was crying out for help .
yup — and i do try to remember i pay to be there .
at some point it 's a bit manufactured due to that exchange .
thanks for the reminder to focus on the things i like .
i 'm still relatively early into the game all my friends played and got to post game before i had a chance to get a copy or while i was sleeping so i 'm not completely caught up on all the mechanics .
how does this work exactly and how does it differ from the salty meta i saw someone mention before .
or would i just be better off looking up a guide ?
i think they mean it 's their green card and are referring to is as a 'laborer green card ' .
3 iron back in stance barely swing for less spin .
if it 's short most likely try to get up and down .
if i was born in another country i may be killed for who i am .
pick a country and name all the rights they do n't have that we do .
she was surprised she turned it in on time .
i am so emotional and the 30th is n't even here yet .
i rocked at the addy and was lead to on an old couch i should have left but i am a yes man .
it 's not the first or last shitty tattoo i have a problem .
giovana queiroz costa de 19 anos é uma atacante brasileira profissional que atua no everton por empréstimo do arsenal da inglaterra e da seleção brasileira feminina .
looks like they 're legalizing gay marriage as well .
maybe the weather is affecting the danes too much or something ?
i have n't seen them play that bad for a long time .
they were very reluctant to speed the game up and run in the 2nd half as well .
this could be for a number of reasons most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right .
in most of these cases the computer is right and we will not overturn its decision .
if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong .
if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning we will ignore you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
obviously she was n't saying yes until he was done with his dissertation .
this would be like saying that according to statistics in finland there 's an x amount of people freezing to death every year so the world average must be close exept that in hot countries nobody ever freezes to death .
i 'm pretty shure that in more currupt countries the amount of fake discounts is way higher .
imo in your situation you do not absolutely have to take the risk of telling the wife if you do n't want to but it is the right thing to do overall .
remember that if she redirects her anger against you you have every right to get up and leave and probably should .
doing this after being fooled is a courtesy not punishment if she refuses to take the favor you 're doing her you just have to move on .
the means of actually doing it you should decide on what proof you should show her before going .
as long as you can prove the pattern of behaviour of you two regularly meeting up that will probably be enough i assume there will be text conversations you can show ?
even without text convos as long as you know several dates/times you met up with him and she can match them with times he was gone that should be ok .
it would depend on what job she works but maybe you could get in touch via calling the office and asking for her ?
you should ideally arrange a face to face meeting via the phone to explain this to her though .
alzarri joseph really impressed me during the recent t20s in australia and roach seales and holder backed up by kyle mayers is a good combo especially if there is a bit in the wickets for the bowlers .
relying on roston chase as your spinner and the top order batting would worry me as a west indies fan though .
they 'll need a lot to go their way to get enough runs to be semi-competitive .
still if you had to choose between a good batting lineup and a good bowling attack bowling is going to give you the best chance of springing an upset .
she does n't know how to put the phone down .
when mine were little my me time came after my children went to bed .
put your damn phone down and pay attention to your kids .
they 're constantly screaming and wanting attention but mom is on tt all day .
if you think speaking rationally is being upset no wonder you 're so upset over adults wearing a costume with foam swords .
more importantly you think the crusades were the first time the west conquered the mediterranean/middle east ... that 's all that needs to be said about your opinion here .
gee i 'm glad china has been paying so much attention to where it 's space debris lands as of late especially if they 're planning on launching nuclear materials
i hope the team stays together for a long while !
as per my experience pero iba iba parin per company .
i bought a much simplified one for my beagle-trying keep her busy because she had separation anxiety ... .instead of taking 2 second to gobble the treats ... it took her 7 seconds to eat all the treats .
the trainer said the only thing we have to do is make it harder ... jammed a stick in to make it harder to turn my puppy removed the stick and ate all the treats in 7 seconds ... we tried 2 other puzzles .
we gave up i just froze treats in a kong .
then she figured out how to open the treat drawer which was above her height standing and jump high until she got the bag of treats ... .
i think my sister is kind of obsessed with her sleep hygiene things for her kids and will make it hard in a way .
but i 'd never say anything in that situation two kids sharing probably are n't getting much sleep anyway .
oh 100 stalked it this guy is on some creepy shit and he knows it or he wouldve posted all the text messages leading up to it which is the norm for most upvoted r/niceguy r/nicegirl posts .
he ca n't even keep a straight story on how this transpired .
tells the woman above to go back to her tinder simps for not believing this
these 100bn and what germany is currently doing is already an extreme change .
ger military budget is not like the us with 750bn every year and another 100bn are basically the budget plan without cuts .
something i only started in the past couple years is to actually ask people '' what does that mean ?
i 've spent my entire life hearing motivational '' shit and advice '' like that and its been a consistent source of pain and failure that these things never actually tell you how to do something .
it 's like you 're handed an instruction paper that has all the parts you know how to do in excruciating detail but is missing all the steps you need to even get started .
so i 've been actually moving to ask people stuff like please describe to me the concret action you would like me to take '' explain to me how this is done . ''
the scope of this sentence is unclear to me please clarify what you mean by vague expression '' .
edit added this kind of stuff often makes people angry defensive and not uncommonly makes them suggest there is something wrong with you '' but i 've found it helps to soft-force them to empathise with you by asking them to describe how they achieve this .
how they execute trying harder '' to describe their emotions and relationship with this phrase and the actual things they do '' when they try harder '' .
it makes people more open to understand that its a dumb phrase or at least to genuinely believe you 're trying to learn from them .
and she 's filmed herself getting out of the shower wet .
so she should n't be so greasy all the time .
it lets you rearrange frequncies as you like offering a better overal sound experience and the ability to apply gains on the preamp may be usefull for audio headphones that can handle that power on their drivers .
yep ... ask the 250k who are pouring into this shit county on a monthly basis .
brush the beard up in this area after showering .
others may suggest using said dryer and a round brush .
i have always had to brush the hair in the opposite direction as i dry it to remove it .
brush the beard down and groom as you normally would .
i do this to my whole beard as i also have a dent on my left side as well .
i wonder why these things are n't the same .
is it because of a history of racial inequity ?
my hp laptop hangs often whenever it 's in use .
any time this happens i normally press the power button off and on to restart the system .
please advise me on how to resolve this kind of problem.here are the system details hp elitebook 8460p i5 320 g. 4g ram windows 8.1
i just got caught up on the idw comics finishing issue 54 and i got ta say surge and kit are pretty cool.. however ...
i really wan na know more of surge 's story .
it 's made blatantly obvious that her and kit were created by starline but we do n't really know how their lives were other than lines talking about how they have trauma from experiments etc .
and also would like to know more of surge 's motivation and goals .
she wants to kill sonic but i do n't really understand why .
she says she was made to kill sonic but also has free will and the ability to choose and even with sonic trying to give her a choice she chose to be against him .
would just like to know specifically why especially since that was starline 's vision for surge and kit to kill sonic and tails when they obviously hate him for what he did to them whatever that was.. but so far she 's a solid character blatantly evil tho .
would love motivation and backstory for both kit and surge .
why are my nails half purple and half pink ?
my spo2 levels drops to 94 sometimes and whenever i inhale deeply it increases .
i have to breathe with effort to maintain 98 spo2 levels .
i just wrapped up work and want to support the community by recording myself spectating someone while they jungle and providing feedback on their decision making .
main focus will be macro/decision making primarily in the first 15 minutes of the game the most relevant time for the jungler .
target audience would be bronze/silver but could probably give some good advice to golds too .
not amazing but d3 years ago and prob like a mediocre plat now .
i used to casually coach via vod reviews like 6 years ago .
my theory is still pretty solid though and will definitely have good tips for people in the bronze/silver range .
hi all i 'm still kind of new to 3d printing as a whole .
i 've watched plenty of videos on what should be done what precautions to take so on and so forth .
i started off using a resin printer as my first printer elegoo saturn to do character figurines but i 've quickly realized that my living arrangements make it so that using it is not the healthiest option smallish space poor ventilation .
i 've been looking into getting an fdm printer probably an elegoo neptune 3 as a possible alternative but have been put off a little bit by the quality of some fdm prints .
would anybody have any suggested settings to use for cura specifically to get decent quality figurines ?
i do want to print these a little on the large side around 200-250 or about 200mm in height at tallest to help maybe protect the original quality of the models i know this will increase print time but that is not something i 'm worried about currently .
for some background information i 'm 14 female and my dad is a bit on the older side being 62 male as he had me a little late in life but that 's not what i 'm here to talk about .
my dad has a stepdaughter we 'll call her layla 32 female .
layla recently has been not being the kindest to my poor dad not texting him about recent events liked her being pregnant with her third baby !
my aunt had to be the one to tell him not inviting him over as much .
dad says she 's been okay with him not not exactly nice .
dad is beating himself up about this because he thinks he 's done something wrong but he does n't know why .
basically my dad married layla 's mom when she was young after layla 's parents divorced .
and my dad was layla 's mother figure for most of her life .
now layla 's mom was a frequent liar to him or at least that 's what dad calls her .
layla got a horse for one of her birthdays and layla loved her horse .
dad was left to take care of it because layla 's mom did n't want too .
and i mean everything shoveling the stable picking up horse poop etc .
all of this ended when layla 's mom kicked my dad out because she fell in love with another guy and just straight up dumped him .
she still wanted him to come around once in a while and take care of the horse !
dad told her he was n't her slave especially after she just kicked him out .
layla 's mom said that she would sell the horse if he did n't .
he was especially mad at the time so he said that he did n't care .
layla was upset because she loved that horse and dad 's theory is because layla‘s mom twisted it into saying your dad told me to sell the horse instead of what it actually is causing her to hold a grudge .
at this time dad went to marry my current mom and have me but that 's irrelevant .
that 's one of my dad theorys on why but the other one is
because he once forgot her birthday i was born at this time .
i was shocked about all this when he told me because that was extremely petty of layla if it was the second option and if it was the first she was n't even giving dad a chance to explain because if she did i bet everything would be over years ago !
the thing is i love my two current nieces a lot .
i could go on and on about how much i adore them we‘ll call them tina female 3 and riley female 2 .
layla 's third child is about to be born any minute now and we have n't gotten an invite to see the baby .
i know that having a baby can be stressful and it 's not okay to push seeing a baby that 's not even born yet but me and dad are both scared that layla is cutting us out .
i want to talk to dad about how scared i am that i might never see tina and riley again but i do n't know if that 's selfish plus if i did he 'd blame himself for it which i do n't want to happen !
so that 's where we 're at right now ... what can i do ?
update she 's had the child anola whose around 1 month now .
have n't met her yet but i 'm just going to give layla the benefit of the doubt .
a top federal reserve official anticipates that interest rates need to rise further and stay high for some time as the central bank remains committed to corralling stubbornly high consumer prices .
now i know someone on here knows my bestfriend jordan harvey !
i 'd let him drag me like that again any day !
im currently going for the polyatomic camp not the final one and i was wondering if it 's possible to skip the riot shield since the requirement for polyatomic is completing 51 platinum challenges and i have the m13 and bas-p gold and soon plat as well .
i may be overlooking something here or i 'm having a logical error but ca n't i just skip the riot shield now ?
i was 10 weeks pregnant but the doctor told me that my baby stopped growing at 6 weeks and 4 days .
i had my miscarriage at the er and it was a horror losing all the blood and seeing the giant blood clots come out of me .
the sac came out as well on the hospital bed .
it was traumatizing feeling the pain and seeing all that blood come out .
i wanted so bad to push the baby back in me but my baby was gone .
i keep crying and throughout the day i feel so numb .
i already suffer from mental disorders and now this ...
part of my body feels so alone and empty .
right now i 'm trying to fall asleep but i ca n't .
i go into work in less than 4 hours and i know i 'm not ready emotionally to be there .
i do n't know when i will be ... ?
i just wish my baby was here safe inside me .
just started the game and decided to main hunting horn is there something i should know before i get to 1 k hours on the game ?
i 'm talking about units trainable in the castle only .
i am also not asking which uu is theoretically the best if every upgrade is researched .
instead i would like to know which uu is the most viable and useful in actual top level games .
to put differently which castle uu is used the most in competitive 1v1 ?
security seals are used for a variety of applications including access control packages integrity inventory shipment integrity container security rail transportation security and many more .
if you are residing in usa and want security seals contact us today !
cant remember if i read it anywhere but does anyone know when the sl pvp transmog sets will be made available for marks of honor ?
top pr agency in noida https preview.redd.it/eilewbw8v13a1.jpg ? width=800 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=2d4b79090b2e09d7dca5eacc1e0299ee1e23d309
top digital pr agency https mediamaniacsgroup.com/pr-agency in noida and pan india with media maniacs group https mediamaniacsgroup.com is a cutting-edge information technology digital pr services and brand consulting firm in india with offices in noida .
we are the best provider of 360-degree branding solutions and pr services .
hey guys i 've been playing talon for quite some time now 3 years and since the item reworks something has been bothering me .
maybe first of all i have to talk about eclipse .
i think you can always buy it and it will feel good not only in 1v1s bc of the shield but especially with the many hp '' meta we 're having rn .
now the initial damage dashing through prowlers and on hit duskblade is the same .
prowlers deals 15 additional damage and duskblade slows for 0.75 sec 1.5 sec invis .
prowerls gives you 5 lethality and duskblade gives you 5 ability haste .
prowlers deals way more damage and you have more than enough ability haste with the current builds and runes .
the only time i 'd personally buy duskblade is if i want to have fun and play around with the enemys ...
does anyone have an opinion or maybe sees something i dont ?
just trying to walk some lonely ladies to climax .
tell me what makes you cum in a chat and you follow my lead .
idk where to start but the context is i met this girl we 'll call her l and over a month and a bit we became friends and we ended up calling or having text convos almost everynight .
just so you know she was insecure introverted and not the most popular nor am i popular and we both like doing art so we did competitions and drew each other for fun eventually i grew feeling for her but i was sorta her comfort friend for example there is this one guy at our school we 'll call him t .
he was a typical bully he also thinks he 's top sh\*t and is constantly rude to girls .
one day he was hanging out with his friends and his friend called l and they ended up calling her a fat whore '' l is one of the prettiest girls i know .
she immediately texted me crying hysterically and we called and i consoled .
her even after all my efforts she still did n't have more than 1 meal a day for a week or 2. ig t soon realised she was pretty and started hitting her up and added her on snap as big titty bitch '' which she was rationally creeped out by .
after a while he got obsessed with her and started sending her voice messages shouting stuff like fucking hell stop leaving me on delivered '' .
but anyway i kept consoling her after incidents like this and kept being respectful and polite and asking how her day was and how her big school project was going .
i heard from her friends that she talked about me a lot and i talked about her to my few friends .
i thought the 2 of us had something that could flourish into a relationship someday until one of her friends found out that i liked her they promised me that they would n't tell her until i asked her out but the next day comes around she asks her if i like her because her friends said i do .
i took this as my chance to ask her out and i got friend zoned .
i then confront the friend who told her and ask her about why she betrayed my trust like that i she apologised but i was furious because she had just ruined my friendship with l and stoped me from getting a good shot at asking her out .
but this all went horribly wrong when when i found out that l was n't meant to tell me that she knew thus i was n't meant to confront l 's friend about breaking my trust .
it ended with them both being mad at me and l blocking me on snap until i sent her a proper apology via email about confronting her friend .
but a day later is when t comes back in .
i here from friends that t said that he likes l and l likes him i think its bullshit because only a week ago l asked me to start rowing so she would n't have to be alone with t who also rows because she was horrified of him .
mine and l 's relationship is still unstable but never the less i ask her about it and she says its true !
i 'm just stunned as she goes on about how he gives her attention and cares about her even though i 've been consoling her for weeks and when she was dressed up nice i would say oh you like nice going some where ? ''
at this point i 'm just pissed about how cliche this whole situation his .
this afternoon l added me to a call with one of her friends a t because she felt bad .
in the 20m i was in that call t called l a bitch 2 times and told her friend to fuck off .
the only desirable trait of t is that he confident and popular that 's all not nice respectful or compassionate .
i 'm scared of how t might treat l because i still care about her but i 'm mad she had drop the relationship/friendship we had for a glimpse of popularity .
please give me advice on how to cope and possibly get her back although judging on their personalities i doubt their relationship will last more than a month but im also not sure i want to be her shoulder to cry on after what she did .
i tried to use this to prove σ1/n is divergent .
now n/1+n/2 ... ..n/n n 1 which cant be right because this series is divergent .
so you know black white zebra lead purple bloons right ?
what if we take it to the next level ?
a moab it wont just be a colored moab it will speed up when hit by the things its immune to will start spawning at rounds 150 and it will be the new ddt the later the rounds the more colors the moab will have
and another moab idea this one will be orange and immune to slows and stuns or whatever affects bloon speed bad but moab this one will spawn at like round 170
and replace the natural moabs bfbs and zomgs with those new moabs .
seriously they arent a single problem because of the stun and slow and its just lag or at least make them less laggy
so our house is very moist let me explain the situation first .
you protect the house from being vacant and beings squatted in return you pay less rent and live in worse living conditions than legally allowed .
you can also be kicked out and have to leave within 28 days after hearing the news .
usually these houses are owned by companies that do not do housing as their income .
anti squatting means that they do not have to invest in these properties and can use their land .
for example my house is legally owned by a railway company
we live in a big 70 's farmhouse with a plot of land and all the space i need .
it seems like a dream but our house is mouldy .
some rooms are even locked because of the mold problem .
the mold is slowly creeping into our other rooms we can not always air it out since the netherlands is a pretty humid country in winter and since gas prices are massive keeping the house warm is pricey .
our humidity is usually right under 60 but when dying our clothes it is 70 at least .
and in other rooms it is usually also around 60 .
the mold is starting to grow around the windows .
they can be pricey i see them in between 80 to 400 euros .
electricity is also crazy expensive here so would this be useful ?
our house we keep in between 10 to 17 degrees c 50 f to 62 f .
any precautions we can take in summer to prepare for winter ?
i learned this the hard way by giving my cat a saucer of double cream .
he then shit all over the hallway and i felt so bad !
manitoba definitely says hydro as the default in most of those contexts .
why 2 ax mc and a laser instead of 3 ax mc ?
also is it not dangerous to fight thargoids without decontamination limpet ?
posting to this subreddit means you are agreeing that everyone involved with this rp including characters will be 18 .
you are also agreeing to have read and understood the rules and will have no excuse for rule breaking .
just a reminder you can always find our list of rules by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/dirtykikroleplay/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtykikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd like to say that i 've never outright said you need to see a therapist i try and let him know i 'm here for him as much as i can but my issue is i have no words of comfort i struggle to think of what to say .
and when we have looked into options for better help he 's been hesitant but on-board .
i think he understands what i mean when i say someone who can help more such as his mother or his grandad who he is really close with i 've offered to be with him if it would be easier for him .
thank you nd sorry if my post came off as if i was saying i was dismissing him .
even with his development as a passer i had post-wentz durability concerns about hurts ' play style when thinking about his franchisability .
but he 's shown so so much thought and consideration on each play for whether or not he needs to fight for the extra yards or if he can slide/run out of bounds .
he is willing to put the game on his back but he only does that when he feels like he has to .
what concerned me and this is less of a hurts problem and more of a team problem was that hurts was running very very aggressively and fighting for yards very early in the green bay game .
he felt very early on in that game that he was going to have to play more aggressively and the team was going to have to fight harder for the win and he was kinda right .
it 's good for him that he knows that but the fewer games that happens in the better for him and the better for us .
it was n't even the fact that he ran the ball so much but he was fighting for yac instead of sliding .
but the silver lining is we get a little more of a peek at his ceiling and what he 's capable of when he has to take the chains off .
there is a stark difference between doing that and just fantazising .
which is why i am so tolerant to pedos who just fantazise for they do not hurt anyone by doing that as it is all in theie minds .
i find it hard to believe you heard fapping '' and not far '' ping ''
which is all you pay unless you get a permit .
you only pay the permit fee goes to park if you win .
everyone who applies pays the lottery application fee goes to booz .
what kind of pastor harashes a man because he defended his family against a thief ?
thank you for your submission and sharing the love on r/hottiesoftvandyt !
hope you have read the rules and adhered to them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hottiesoftvandyt if you have any questions or concerns .
c while engaging in the legal use of the large-capacity magazine at a public or private shooting range or shooting gallery or for recreational activities such as hunting to the extent permitted under state law
to an extent yes but it 's not just oh i 'm roaming about i can have them .
that to the extent permitted under state law '' part kind of takes the wind out of it .
i do n't think anyone knows what it will end up being but i doubt mushroom picking while carrying a greater than 10rd magazine will be recreational enough for the law .
have you listened to her talk in depth about it ?
i recommend listening to her interview on the podcast offline where she speaks in depth about her statement and the outcry around it
that movie was great until act 3 when it turned into nolan 's batman .
technically speaking the cast in 11 all owe their likenesses to real people and their performances are motion captured so would that count ?
dad told me that mom had 18 years to let me know and prepare me for the future but obviously she never did .
he said it was never is place to say anything since i am not his son and did n't want to interfere with mom 's parenting .
my mom has never said a word about anything and apparently she was supposed to have the talk '' with me but she never did .
it does matter for tax purposes since dividends trigger a taxable event .
op should purchase before ex-dividend to get that upcoming dividend .
nothing to lose sleep about but it 's get you one more payment .
u/glazor initially mentioned a taxable account which op responded by saying it 's a roth and then u/glazor said it does n't matter which is why i stated what i stated because dividends in a taxable account will have a tax drag which would matter in that case .
dividends in a roth would not have any tax implications .
ravenous but also spear the overall jungle power especially ap junglers and ravenous abusers do make the game hard to play from bot side .
but riot is nerfing jungle gold and clear speed a bit for slightly more xp later on .
they know jungle is too good and are nerfing it overall right now next week .
also ravenous gets nerfed heavily and likely not the last nerf taking a lot of power out of the top lane and jungle in the mid game .
i would expect a 12.23b patch as they normally always do this before the holidays and in it i expect a lot of ap junglers to get nerfed and also a few top laners and maybe a few adc things too .
if you want adcs who are strong play nilah .
54 wr for some time now easy to play in soloq and super strong .
if adcs would have no agency you would see their wrs shrink together close to 50 because which adc gets picked would n't matter .
if a complete position has 0 agency and impact they all have a 50 wr .
same for wr delta based on avg player vs top tier mains .
yes it does n't feel good right now but it also isnt as bad as people make it out to be and it is a temporary thing mostly for likely 1 more week before the worst stuff is fixed ravenous and tanks back top to play frontline
it 's like saying profits are up 100 because you did n't buy any supplies this month .
there 's not that many countries where you ca n't deny service if i havent misunderstood.. definitely not in the part of the world that i live in
my 690 is quick but nothing like the 950 .
i put some mivv carbon cans on it and it sounded lovely .
that 's called gambling you have no idea where the stock market will be at the end of 2023 and practically speaking your time horizon should really be longer than 1 year .
i know it 's a bullshit service i 'm just curious as to what they say it is .
they did mention having a fuel system cleaning which for a 30k mile vehicle i know it does n't need .
but i was just pointing out us is n't a saint either .
played college ball coulda gone pro if i had n't dodged the draft .
i could break the democracy in two with my bare hands ! ''
it 's always the left that has to compromise meanwhile the right is able to keep pushing more right
the fact that trudeau got elected 3 times along with ndp election wins and alberta and bc recently tell me that canada is not actually that educated .
we 've lived in quite a few states and a couple countries .
obviously people with kids can do it too but it sure is less stress .
sometimes i go out after work with people that have a free evening thanks to their spouse taking on the kids for the night and boy it 's clear they enjoy that time almost to an annoying level .
they look at it as their one special night of the month .
just looking for good anime if it it involves these things it can be good or bad .
first seen here https redd.it/x69mrh on 2022-09-05 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' z8utrr '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=z8utrr samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
current radar map at https www.theweathernetwork.com/ca/map/radar ? lat=45.4051 lng=-75.6950 https www.theweathernetwork.com/ca/map/radar ? lat=45.4051 lng=-75.6950
really looks like we 're getting shafted by all this rain .
this happened to me several times it 's not about the hero .
there 's always january but be careful with burnout .
i once received a picolas cage car fragrance which i then had to give my mom because i do n't own a car yet .
she was n't very pleased felt very uncomfortable because he stared at her all the time 😇😭
i think it runs into the problems you 'd expect from only being about culture war but even then there are a surprising amount of people coming from a class based perspective
you say that but he 's since leaked goal after goal and shown himself up for the grumpy auld fart that he is .
he 's not exactly been an upgrade on mclaughlin .
should have never been re-signed and i 'd rather give mccrorie a try than have a keeper who 's well past his best until such times as we sign someone decent .
the fact that you managed to get 70 cr with a cd wep cd circlet and no cr ascension is soo crazy .
still i think you know a hydro goblet would be better for him but getting the same crit stats would take a while..
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
wait a day or two afterward and you should be fine .
placed crafted or downloaded they all affect your island .
think of how many things you have and how long you 've been playing .
the downloaded stuff alone can kill your island but so can moss 's things and things you craft that you place .
trim it down sell or put away everything or destroy it your call .
when i see my island start to get glitchy i know it 's time to clean house so i do n't get that error again .
https www.recipetineats.com/vanilla-cupcakes this is my go to vanilla cupcake recipe .
definitely read through the recipe first and have everything measured and ready to go before you start .
i thought my feelings for it would fade out when i read other kamiges .
but every time i 'm reminiscing henpuri it brings back excitement and joy .
a true kamige i wish everyone gets their a chance at reading it .
henpuri may not have fancy '' prose but the writing remains emotionally impactful and hilarious .
side effect includes is this a porn game '' too smart for its own good '' or kamige ! ! '' .
read my lips because i wholeheartedly believe nobody could ever capture that unique style of game except qruppo .
an examination on society prison system mental health disenfranchised and injustice and the deep desire for human connection no puns intended .
every little details from the references to the ost there 's a nod to something .
this is just the start i think qruppo is going to outdo henpuri .
people who put these decals on never have beds as clean as the decals suggest .
usually filled with natty in the styrofoam squeak squeakin in the truck bed all the way home
yeha they are two companies in a space with few competitors and they are essentially market makers .
if you are bored you are invited to come have some casual chats with 4,000 friendly people in our official discord server .
ios users discord has classified our server as nsfw .
so you will need to enable nsfw in your discord settings on desktop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess considering that we all think you 're perfectly normal so far it would just level up your coolness !
this subreddit is a body gallery first and foremost and is not a place for unsolicited health advice body shaming or any other incivility .
violations of these rules can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of these rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/normalnudesgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
paintballs have a higher chance of breaking skin than airsoft .
funnily i 'm having the same feeling maybe read his fight against saitama one more time ?
it looks like you included the pattern source in the title of your post which is fine !
for convenience here it is again kit from dimensions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/crossstitch if you have any questions or concerns .
higher doses can be really intensely headfucky but it 's still one of my favorite combos .
sounds like you have a fundamental misunderstanding of where small businesses are at in this cultural moment .
the fact that i have to look at them at all detracts from the experience .
three problems as a matter of fact and they happened in 2017-8 2020 and 2021 .
accelerator controls all vectors through his aim field basically reality warping .
passively he got a shield around himself that repels any vector that has n't been white listed .
including uv rays so at the very minimum nothing below light speed can outspeed it .
in terms of highest power blocked it blocked an universe destroying attack .
but in effect it should n't have an upper limit it works by changing the vector into another direction effectively meaning that the energy mass and speed of something that gets reflected is kept the same .
like if you punched him then the fingers and knuckles of your fist would then crash into the rest of the arm breaking it and basically cancel out the incoming momentum .
he can redirect speed up or down things also if he consciously controls his powers .
then with magic involved he turned of the regeneration ability of an injured magic god .
they only like the gg 's that are under the same company as their oppa 's .
there are lot of people in this game who never developed sportsmanlike thinking just turn chat off
i found react hook forms to be useful they do have a usefieldarray for dynamic forms
i just hope the protuberance on your elbow is healing
i get my work done and to good quality too .
check i 've responded to things any outstanding admin work and shit .
i have to stay near my desk in case the phone rings though .
yeah i 'd defo say start introducing them in separate cages and have them out separately to start out with .
also if your new bird is untame you should spend some extra time getting it used to you before anything .
spend time by the cage and slowly use high value treats to get them used to your hand .
i know some old school christians believe that magic witchcraft evil so you could introduce that concept for why magic was banned .
damn and i 'll be lucky if that 's my last home .
as a software developer you can work in any field of science
to me there are only 4 things that matter right now .
1 is ai but it requires a level of knowledge and math that it 's too late to attain .
2 we do n't blow ourselves up which i ca n't help much
3 environment which i help daily by being good recycler although i fly a lot
and this is where i want to work i think but that 's why i made this thread because i am currently contemplating .
as someone who works with my hands quite a lot i cant imagine trying to work with a multitool instead of the tools that i normally use .
even ignoring the part where i refuse to use my own tools for my job .
she acts like this is embarrassing to him bc of the ridiculous outfit .
it 's not like this is his actual prom pic then i see the funny/cringe factor .
because he tries to hard trying to be jerry the king in the attitude era
i knew my spouse was going to propose picked the ring out myself and everything .
but he took me to the beach one night nothing special we lived next to it lol we brought some beers and watched the stars .
no one around for miles no roses no cameras .
but the things he said and the look in his eyes when he said them ...
i have two very low quality selfies from our proposal and we 're both beaming from ear to ear .
it does n't have to be a whole event .
yep black and white sitcom called leave it to jarjar
i think it 's nice that lots survived for po 's sake but it retroactively harms the premise and stakes from the second movie .
one can only assume that lord shen thought that any he let escape would be too afraid to ever venture back to that part of china ever again and those that did must be really pissed hence why he 's so scared of po at first .
if you want to see me wearing/using anything specific just send me the link and i 'll make sure to add it into my list ! !
i look forward to making allll the naughty content for you !
then why it does n't happen in chromium-based browsers ?
interesting subject would love to see a deeper dive that is less editorialized
more specifically i would like to see a breakdown of how recreation.gov fees are used .
how much rec.gov money goes into booz allen 's pockets vs. how much goes to upkeep/maintenance of the parks ?
very much agree with your books by alexander and lacatski .
there needs to more credible stuff to replace belief .
this film on roswell spoke about government ineptitude which fits with alexander 's take .
we just got it and we 're having a blast !
having to look a lot in the rulebook though because not everything is straightforward .
why does it have to be better or worse than other cities ?
not how better or worse it is than other cities .
what 's the need to compare with random cities ?
his mom got cream pied while married to him and he still raises the kid that is n't his for 18 years out of his own pocket and he 's the awful man ?
im sorry but some people are here not to have fun but to solve !
i 'm gon na assume you and everyone else commenting on this non-issue are women ... as a guy i see nothing wrong .
1 she 's hot as hell not to mention charismatic smart and funny
2 they work together and therefore see each other every day so a spark is more likely to happen
3 mick has been married for years now so why not ?
she has no right to complain and in fact she does n't seem to give a shit
its an odd thing but it happens sometimes for whatever reason .
seeing the prices for some of these 1:64 cars from ‘07 makes me really grateful my folks got me and my brother most of them like the 00 4 15 22 41 83 and 84 .
had to buy a few more on my own but my collection 's still not fully complete .
it 's a piece of cake and the wmr is built into windows or a simple install .
although if i can do this new method yall have brought before me and add special dark chocolate ... ... yes !
thats a very creative idea would love for that to be a skin parody and not actually be the only skin skin meaning joker wouldnt get one like we could have both thatd be dope rick and joker duo sounds like a meta comp anyways .
it 's true pete really is the best at team support and leadership .
in a later mcc during battle box you can hear grian say something like pete would be so proud of me '' .
it very telling the kind of guy pete is .
they are extremely selective trying to find the right person and the right seat on the bus ''
i swear it 's only terminally online white people that have an issue with that part of the movie black people irl do n't care 😂
lufthansa had temporarily mothballed them during the pandemic but is in the process of returning at least some of them to service .
this may or may not be of any help but compression leggings can really help with muscle soreness .
i 'm thinking of getting them for my arms even .
the compression leggings work better than any otc analgesics for me so it 's worth a try if you have n't already .
i played a raven arakockra and i was biten by a were raven and became one
honey you agree with these terms you can keep the rest of the winnings and never have to look back .
i like the players you have more than the players you 'd be getting .
allen at worst should be equal to metcalf and zeke 's still a solid flex play .
i personally think slayton is pretty unreliable start from week to week .
nahhhh ... ..we are relatively new to the game .
other countries were much better at slaughtering and oppressing people long before we stepped to the plate .
we definitely have problems that need fixing but we are from being the worst ever .
and for the sound of things this is not the first time .
freedom of expression freedom from criticism a right to a captive audience freedom from the law or a right to monetized/sponsored expression .
and i think most of the people pretending these things are equivalent actually know they 're not .
ok but the point is it was n't the kid doing it to the self their parents did
i meant like i found a void opal an ltd hotspot in the same ring and i was wondering if that matters to miners or not
the thing is he did n't realise at all .
the channel actually posted this on twitter as a win for the presenter
if iroh was on the council o66 would not happen
calling oliveira an average grappler because he got submitted 5 times in mma matches is absolutely bizarre .
it 's such an arbitrary way of judging someone 's grappling abilities .
why not just assess his grappling capabilities by ... watching the grappling that happens in his fights ?
as one sided as that fight against islam was we were able to see a handful of interesting defensive grappling to force the stand-up from charles .
most notably forcing the scramble from entering into deep half while on bottom .
he also tried a few things by threatening submissions from bottom guard during the first minute of the fight forcing islam to posture up and defend .
this is on top of the fact that charles shown himself to be very competent in adapting bjj to mma by being one of the first people to utilise the threatens of leg attacks or the calf slicer as a way of creating scrambles and sweeps .
he later got a job on the hbo show game of thrones
it 's so fun to read old comics with the great hair cuts of the era .
i love super-mullet and nightwing with his hair that turned from a curly tossled layered mullet into a 2 foot long slick pony tail in costume .
dumb as hell but i 'd much rather that then everyone have appropriately business casual haircuts .
even those two more iconic haircuts are very of the time .
nightwings fairly iconic longer tousled hair was also very late 90 's when he got th cut in chuck dixon 's run but has persisted .
ako man suicidal pero i just do my best to move on .
it will always be there this suicidal tendency pero i just find what i can hold on to one day at a time .
even then the staggers do n't feel quite as long or annoying and your character does n't feel sluggish
try outside your box.even as straight as i am be a bit flex .
i 'd like to lean into meal prep by freezing some proteins that are ready for sous vide .
salt is food science/magic —can i apply it seasonings ie garlic rosemary lemon etc before sealing and freezing a future meal ?
i just got a new job and those of you that hate autozone as much as i do how did you quit ?
and most commonly known as water or ice is also a gas .
in its liquid form it has the ability to squeeze things until they collapse by the sheer weight on its shoulders alone .
in its gaseous state it can reach temperatures capable of flash steaming a grown man alive .
and as ice it robs all things of heat pulling the warmth right out of a person 's bones until they can no longer move .
no matter how many layers i 've put on or warm drinks and blankets up to my ears .
if i ever needed a reminder of how harsh these conditions can get all i need to do is look at the landing rooms they are the chutes which connect us to the outside .
on either side there are two large steel doors each with perfectly machined locking rods that had been balanced by state of the art equipment .
insulated and then lined with concrete over a foot thick all before it is encased in metal .
then stress tested in the best labs the world has to offer .
and yet ice still creeps on its edges when the weather turns bitter .
first the ice blasts the outside and seeps through the pores of the concrete until it makes the steel on the other side so cold that it feels like it is burning .
by now a gloss will have developed in one of the corners like a flagpole left out in the snow .
it 's so shiny that it 's nearly transparent but if someone where to accidentally brush up against it with their bare skin it would latch on like the back of a fly 's tongue .
ripping the follicles right off an arm taking the top layer with it leaving behind only the soft exposed pink underside that throbs bright red with frost .
it 's usually the new guy 's job to clear these rooms when the ice melts and the frame bulges enough for the snow to creep through until it piles onto the floor .
i was a junior structural engineer and had n't had to do it in nearly 4 seasons .
but at the ross research foundation on station 9 .
the company had recently decided that i could n't be trusted with much else so dr. kelsie grant who is in charge of the daily operations had stuck me on ice duty at london 's request .
london and i have n't spoken again since i first woke up because all hands have been on deck ever since dr. grant gave me a strict debriefing .
handed over the sample of blood that chloe had collected from my boots and apologized about a million times .
i do n't know why any of it matters .
i had been clearing chute 2 for about an hour now and my hands were numb when i heard a familiar shuffling in the doorway .
half of her figure was covered by the doorway .
i could see people behind her hurriedly passing by .
i just came from the lab and i thought i 'd come see you before i went back to my room . ''
she stepped into the chute revealing her other hand .
it was wrapped up in bandages at the wrist .
i could still see the fresh blood weeping underneath .
i did n't know what to say i 'm sorry . ''
at least we 're still alive '' she replied .
she stepped into the chute and closed the door behind her making sure it was shut .
i threw the shovel on the floor you 're telling me .
chloe got so close to my face i could almost kiss her you do n't understand .
did n't you see dr. grant looking at the sample ? ''
hopefully she 'll find something that 'll acquit us .
i 'd still like to get my last check . ''
she shook her head did n't you see her ? ''
yeah of course i saw her '' i started getting annoyed .
what '' i gripped the shovel tightly in my hand .
that i could just ignore this feeling that 's been stuck in the back of my mind ever since i noticed dr. grant 's reactions .
to the way her face peered into the microscope before i was dismissed .
you know i started in petroleum engineering and when my mom died .
so when they had a program to be as far away from the rest of the world as possible .
and when they cart me back off to civilization .
i 'm going to the nearest beach dig my fucking toes into the sand and be a beach bum .
working at the docks when i need money fishing when i 'm hungry and sleeping in a tent on the ocean front .
keep your head low and your mouth shut . ''
i could feel the cold sting on my cheek .
you 're going to die here if you do n't check back into reality .
and you know as well as i do it 's either those t-things out there that 's going to get us .
why do you think no one 's ever said anything ? ''
i rubbed the cold out of my mouth anything about what ?
why do you think this is the only continent in the world where all the other warring countries suddenly decided to broker peace ? ''
a look of determination appeared on her face fifty-five nations .
why do you think they all came together and signed the antarctica treaty ?
when they 've never been able to agree on anything else ?
something that made all of their bickering and politics seem so trivial that none of it mattered anymore . ''
i could feel my lower limp trembling stop . ''
i was starting to get angry we all did .
do n't try and make me responsible for whatever the hell it is that 's going on here . ''
she pleaded i just need your help to get out of here . ''
for a brief second it was only us and the cold before the orange utility lights began flashing into the dark room .
a deafening bang on the steel broke our silence .
i almost screamed but the coldness in my throat caught it before i could cry out and alert whatever it was behind the door that someone was in here that we were in here .
snow fell off the wrist thick bolts which secured the hinges to the concrete frame .
i took a step back and could hear the crunching of snow beneath my feet .
the two of us stood there neither of us moving another muscle waiting for the banging to continue .
so i 'll explain it to the best of my ability .
suddenly the door to my back which led to the outside felt warmer than the door in front of me which led into the station .
the orange flicker of light beat irregular to the thumping in my chest as if it they engineered the speed to try and calm me .
all it did was make every part of my body shake because deep down i knew something was very wrong here .
the bit of moisture left in my eyes began to harden but still i kept my eyes glued at that door .
i saw the ice crawl forward off the door into the corners of the wall as it swallowed all the heat in its path .
i would have died there if it were n't for chloe .
she pulled open the door behind us and pushed me out into the frozen clearing .
i did n't walk 10 steps before i stumbled .
i watched chloe as she shut the door and started running toward me .
my arm was numb but i knew she was pulling on it .
my mind was n't working but my feet found themselves kicking up the snow beneath my boots as the two of us ran .
i knew that we would n't survive long out here .
but still i followed as chloe led us around the complex .
the wind was already blowing sheets of white in every direction .
i could hardly see her in front of me .
several times i yelled at her to wait but her figure became more dim the further away she got .
my body shuddered and my teeth clacked in my head like a typewriter sitting in the middle of my brain .
they were like pennies by the time i spit them out .
a figure clad in snow and ice dancing above my head .
her face was frozen and her arms were crossed .
sheets of ice on her back almost made it look like wings .
my hands blindly groped around searching for a direction .
the direction she was pointed only steps away from her compound .
i followed her gaze and walked blindly into the snow until the gray concrete slabs came into view .
i pressed my hands against it and edged toward a doorway .
my trembling hands pushed against the steel door and i landed inside one of the chutes .
it was n't until i looked up that i read the number 4 painted on the wall .
against every instinct i hobbled to my feet and opened the door .
i could see ragged pieces of flesh frozen on the jagged edges .
i could n't tell if they were from things forcing their way in or people forcing their way out .
i limped toward it into a walk until i was nearly at a run when i rounded the corner .
all of that speed left me when i saw it for the first time clear as day with my own two eyes .
it stood so tall that its shoulders were scraping the tops of the hallway .
it was grabbing a hold of a man i did n't recognize .
the beast stuck a long chiseled spike into the man 's chest .
i could see the man 's eyes widen as he tried to scream his hands helplessly trying to grip at the ice entering into his body each handful slipping as it penetrated through him painfully slow .
there was a fire axe in his hands and he was swinging it blindly .
i did n't know what else to do so i started yelling at it too .
the thing turned toward me and i saw the piercing blue eyes in its skull .
the way the boulders on his shoulders flexed and turned like flesh as it looked down at me .
as its features started to melt away growing smaller becoming more like skin as it looked back at me with my own face .
from the corner of my eye i saw london drive the axe deep between the creature 's side .
it howled spitting out shards of ice that embedded itself into the walls .
keep going '' i hear london shouting from behind me .
not until i got to one of the doors that had thick steel walls with a handle and a crank that had rods on its hinges thicker than my wrist .
not until i let london through and shut it with a thud behind him .
the two of us sat there wheezing as we tried to catch our breaths .
some part of the complex that 's underground i reckon . ''
then he broke another and threw it to me come on .
we have to find a way out of here . ''
only the eerie green light protruding from our hands guided the way .
i do n't know how long we walked for or how many empty rooms we broke through each time preparing for a fight before london asked me do you hear that ? ''
he was running so fast that i was having trouble catching up .
but as i sit here with the others in the storage area .
i ca n't shake it out of my mind .
not even as sleep twitches my eye and i watch him propped up against the corner .
the way london 's head twisted a bit when i called to him earlier when it was just the two of us when he responded back to me .
i 've been relying on a few tables from quandl for some backtests but i 'm just noticing now that the data is n't being updated regularly .
for example one dataset i 'm using reports some value every month but the last datapoint was from 9/30 and not 10/30 .
said dataset is n't locked behind a paywall either it 's completely free .
does anyone here have experience with quandl recently acquired by nasdaq data link that understands what could be the cause ?
when i was younger my stepdad had a giant pitbull who nearly killed a lot of people me included but they never wanted to get rid of this damn thing no matter what it did
one time my stepdad sent me and my older sister to go walk this thing in the afternoon because he was to busy drinking beer and passing out on the couch we are walking him around the neighborhood when we see a playground there is a small child on the playground with no parents to be seen
anyway our pit sees this young man wearing a batman t-shirt and decided that he wanted to get euthanized so he starts barking at this kid who is absolutely petrified and with good reason it 's good to note that me and my sister were not very strong people at that point and this pitbull tugs on the leash so hard that i fall over and crack my nose on the pavement my sister is trying to hold onto the leash while trying to get me to stand up because i might have a concussion the kid on the playground is crying and screaming as he runs off to i do n't know where but i know that if my sister had n't been holding on for dear life then that dog would have ran at that kid and mauled him like a lion eating a steak
has there been a change to the radar tracking for spaa or did i mess with a setting ?
my xm975 ans adats no longer show the range to a target
hey at the start i wanted to say that i do n't actually know much about the franchise .
about 2015/2016 i got a present for christmas it was warhammer island of blood .
i thought it was cool but never actually did anything with it .
recently i moved houses and i found it when i was packing .
decided to check if i could sell it but i only found 1 other listing and it was somewhere around £300 so i do n't know if it was a reliable source of judging the price .
my set is opened but no figures are taken out of their place unpainted as well .
i still want to sell it but i want to know a price it could realistically sell for .
i am lia a 23 year old girl from europe .
i am about 1,75 m tall sorry dont wan na convert to freedom units and am pretty athletic .
i am pretty pale and usually just get sunburn instead of a tan though it goes along nicely with my long blonde hair and blue eyes .
i do n't really have much boobs b cups but as i am told i have quite the bubble-butt .
all in all i think i am quite attractive and get plenty of attention from guys favorably black guys though .
over the last year i 've been getting into interracial and i seem to be getting quite addicted .
first i stumbled on interracial porn like blacked or dogfart and absolutely loved it !
seeing those huge black cocks made me very curious about the real thing as well as finding the contrast of skin very sexy .
due to my best friend hooking me up with an old flame of hers i got with my first black guy and didnt wait long .
on our second date we ended up having sex and he absolutely dominated me taking every hole of mine .
i was hooked after that and also in awe how could he talk me into giving up my ass so easily when i have not done that with my boyfriend yet who has even tried to get me to do it a few times .
even though my boyfriend is a great guy he is really not the biggest and after having sex with black guys its really no comparison .
at first i did feel bad about the cheating but every orgasm with a bbc reminded me of my boyfriends failure in properly pleasuring me .
last months have been very regular visits to a couple of black friends who all know about my relationship .
they gradually talked me into various stuff aimed to humiliate my boyfriend and i honestly grew to love it .
after seeing my boyfriend eat me out after a black guy came in me i knew i wanted to keep on feeding him .
telling him i am so wet for him while he swallows my bulls cum is such a rush !
it helps that my boyfriend isnt very experienced with women so the taste of pussy with cum in it is n't as suspicious it seems .
though its been going on for quite some time i actually quit for a couple of weeks even deleted my old reddit account .
but it seems like i am too far gone at this point as a couple of days ago i got a little too drunk called my bull and ended up doublestuffed with black cock at his apartment .
i would love to talk about bbc cheating cuckolding bnwo and stuff like that .
i do n't really care if you 're a white cuck interested in all the ways i am cucking my oblivious boyfriend a girl who is interested in or living the same lifestyle or a black guy wanting to fill me up !
feel free to chat or shoot me a reddit pm i will try to respond but i ca n't guarantee it if i get swamped .
i am looking forward to hearing from you guys and girls
just made edge the leader of nwo in my universe but now i ca n't find a entrance that fits him as a heel
hey all i am currently looking to relocate to the city of charleston south carolina usa .
i see on the supporters directory that there is n't a fan club in the area .
curious if there is any everton presence in the city or if there are any premier league followings here ?
if not might have to start one haha anyone have some insight ?
composer 's opus strategy launched on october 4th so let 's dig into opus–12s performance since then .
as a reminder opus is a combination of 5 sub-strategies .
first some context since october 4th the s p 500 spy is down 0.4 while the nasdaq 100 qqq is down 6 .
opus ' benchmark the 60/40 portfolio is down about 1.5 .
it 's been a volatile month and depending on the days you look at returns for equities can look wildly different .
we 've had an fomc meeting 3q gdp data and multiple labor market updates .
it 's been a busy month and spy 's standard deviation for the period 25.8 was well above its 5-year average 18 .
opus–12 was less volatile than both comps with a standard deviation of 11.8 .
drawdowns for spy 4.7 and 60/40 4.3 were greater than opus–12 2.6 .
the core of the strategy is wisdomtree us efficient core fund ntsx which is down about 3.5 for the period which makes sense since it 's a slightly leveraged version of the 60/40 portfolio .
it looks like the value sleeve has done well over this time period with the value etfs vlue 5 vtv 5.5 fndx 3.8 and rwl 3.4 all returning significantly more than spy .
the commodities sleeve was mostly in short-term treasuries shv although there was some trading in and out of commodity etfs as the symphony looked for a clear signal on commodity trends .
shv allocations were as high as 20 over the period and as low as 9 .
as for sector momentum the strategy has stayed invested in energy vde and then moved from utilities vpu to health care to vht back to utilities .
it looks like the symphony logic is staying clear of the more volatile sectors like technology and consumer discretionary and currently prefers defensive and energy-based sectors .
within the volatility hedge gold gld was down 2.6 while managed futures dbmf was up 3.8 .
the us dollar uup bounced around but ended up slightly for the period at 0.8 .
the diversification of the strategy appears to be doing its job with commodities stocks bonds and currencies all moving in different directions .
nice to see the strategy delivering reduced volatility smaller drawdowns and performance above its benchmark for the first month .
does anyone else just feel absolutely livid when you see a long thought out comment that you wrote got shadowbanned for absolutely no fucking reason ?
i am so sick of youtube doing that for no reason and it absolutely annoys the shit out of me .
i found 6800xt 's for 515 on newegg yesterday and they sold out before i could nab one
then i reluctantly decided to design a build around a 6900xt for 650 before they sold out of those within 12 hours .
basically are we going to be getting as good of offers during black friday or cyber monday or should i be panic buying these deals before the stock gets bought up by bots hoarders and impulse buyers ?
i 'm new around here i 've been suffering from pure o ocd for nearly two years now .
the first year and a half was very bad but then i tried taking meds and it made wonders i was happier than ever before .
it 's like a switch was flicked on again and i have more common intrusive thoughts again and anxiety .
i was taking the same meds for months is it possible that they stopped working ?
my condition is n't that bad i 'm just try to prevent things from going bad again .
i was going to see my psychiatrist on wednesday anyway and will be interested to see what he says .
it 's just feels so bad that i lost my confidence and my great mood which i had from the past months so suddenly .
i hope it 's just temporary and i can regain all but there is always that thought that what if the meds wo n't work from now on ? ''
it 's also difficult to stay patient i want to go back to my happiness again which i got back once and do n't want to lose it yet again .
countless studies over the last four decades point to similar findings approximately 50 of projects you undertake will be late and/or over budget and approximately 25 will be cancelled .
the success of a project depends on people not on technology or tools .
it crosses all industries from manufacturing to financial services .
the weighted scoring model below is intended to help you perform a quick risk assessment to determine the probability of success on a current or new project .
how to use the weighted scoring model for project assessment
answer the questions with 1 for yes and 0 for no. each question is assigned a success weight which you will use to calculate your percentage for predicted success .
any result less than 75 suggests that you could be headed for trouble unless you have an action plan to change key no answers to yes. you can add your own critical success questions that apply to your project .
be sure to add a corresponding success weight and recalculate .
please know since most servers wipe 3pm my time which is when my school finishes ill be 30min 1hr late most of the time .
i for one do n't understand this obsession with coaching trees .
it 's not the hcs job to prep assistants to go be hcs elsewhere .
i 'm not saying people should self-diagnose endo a condition that can only be truly diagnosed via lap surgery at this time i was giving multiple examples of how people can be victims of the biases and prejudices and honestly the burnout within the healthcare field .
autism is something that is diagnosed ultimately through an individual examining and sharing their own internal world and the way that it impacts their experiences .
by definition it is not something that can just be lab tested for or assessed for based purely on the observations of a healthcare professional .
depending on where someone lives there may not be anyone who does official diagnosis evals for adult autists .
should they never be allowed to claim their lived experiences and find community in spaces like this one ?
his 10 hour lectures were interesting enough to partially listen to but bullshit enough to not have to pay too much attention to so i used to put it on to sleep to .
my mat grew concerned it would find its way in if i slept to it hasnt for years .
do n't believe much if anything of what he says but i will say i really admire the bloke on a personal level .
he 'll take so much shit and remain pretty non-reactive .
he 's self aware enough that his shit is pretty off the wall to most and despite his clearly steadfast belief he does n't seem to look down on people for not getting on side too much .
no matter how many times we read or hear about russian interference it is still shocking to see how wide spread it was and how much time and money was dedicated to this endeavor .
when i read comments like yeah but everybody does it '' i seriously doubt the us had a dedicated this much resources to impact elections in russia .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubepromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
if i reskin tc_hydro give it some frills and remove 1 bad location do you think it would make it competitively viable ?
sometimes it makes more sense to wait until there is enough substance worth communicating rather than putting out vague generalities .
i 'd give in sooo quickly even though i have a girlfriend just to feel myself so deep inside of you without a condom and would let you force every single drop of cum out of me over and over until we get you pregnant 🥵
some amount of those people do n't use face id or anything biometric .
it sounds to me that he loves you and not the ap .
got the 100 a couple weeks ago and 500 from the red cross a week or so ago .
that babies nurse around the clock and it 's normal .
my 2 week old has literally been nursing all day today lol
i mean every system is a little different and i have not personally tried either i was just using this chart https imgur.com/a/1gsvaf4 .
that 's something they should of thought of before doing such a sick horrendous thing .
i am a massive fan of rabbitmq and redis .
i can not not lie cause red got her lickback with that one lmfaoooo
rodgers can win a superbowl or rodgers can play two more years with the packers but they are n't happening together .
i think he 'd have a great chance to go on a run on a handful of other teams the quality of qb play this season outside a handful of guys has been really mediocre .
japanese warfare has some pretty twisted shit going on in general .
some say oda nobunaga the first emperor of japan had made deals with various oni through some kind of blood ritual .
chances are that 's mostly propaganda from his enemies since historically he was simply known to be a great tactician ruthless military leader and somewhat underhanded in many of his tactics .
sounds like the average officer turned politician to me .
also a huge amount of things in japanese culture were forced to be changed by western influence from a few hundred years before wwii so a lot of natural checks and balances in cultural attitudes had sort of been in flux by wwii and that is probably a big part of why things became ... .
pretty fucking dark when it comes to japanese warcrimes in the era .
some of the work camps they set up in other asian countries were full of some absolutely sickening shit .
german laws are written in ... german ... and as you are living in germany i used the term as it 's used in the waffg 🤷‍♂️
we would ... but we still feel bad about the summer transfer window and want to make it up to you guys by letting you keep him .
i wish i could play the class more but the rotation hurts my wrist 🫡🥹
it 's a playstyle they can only afford because they are unknown .
if they actually become a top team others will study their style and strats and they will have to come up with more complex strategies or they will just get destroyed .
i actually just got off the phone with them after waiting nearly 3 hours !
they were able to see that i have a payment scheduled for december.i told them that i did n't recieve this month 's payment and they said it must 've been skipped which is not uncommon .
my options were to visit the office or have them open a case for this issue and just wait until they review it .
i chose the latter in case i ca n't make it there .
i would have to take time off work which i ca n't afford right now .
enter on the top floor then take the stairs inside to the basement .
this tunnel travels all the way underground beneath the quad .
at the end of the tunnel turn right do not turn left trust me .
from here you need to press a hidden button underneath the beak of a crow statue .
sounds like your bitching because someone played a way you did n't like .
i 'd love to see the results of this game
only show in recent memory that i binged ... .and then immediately went and re-binged .
i can honestly say i think the last show i did that for was game of thrones which lol i started watching while season 5 was airing .
2023 feels so far away for season 3 but i 'm hoping it continues its top-tier quality .
and pleading with the universe for at least one more season after that .
if i use the same referral link from p2 to do chase southwest mdd are there any issues with the referral bonuses posting ?
sorry if it 's an obvious question but wanted to make sure before applying .
i would n't say that what the comic character said was bigotry though ?
like i think homelessness is a bigger issue right now especially in the us .
no problem my man i 'm glad you finally got your technique down .
no complications just followed all the instructions and put my trays in a few hours after which actually made me feel better/more protected .
only advice i can give is of your procedure is more than 30min from home bring tylenol ! ! ! !
mine was over an hour and my dad had to stop and get me some at a gas station on the way home lol
i have a youtube channel where i film trails for people to experience nature .
please like and share so i can continue to support this community https youtube.com/channel/ucbr5z1ubrmcznzdf-p2fgsg
personally i 've only had one bad experience with indian staff and it was during my internship for an sg based firm .
they were hiring interns '' but expected us to work as if full time employees no material training no mentorship mistakes were highlighted to the max .
this traumatized me being only a 4th year college student at the time .
but since then every other indian national i 've worked with were very kind and helpful they were some of the highest iq and eq i 've ever met .
shared here separately as this one contains comments from genx .
most agree our z kids are better than us a step towards closing generational trauma ...
what is going on at home in general not you or anyone else specifically but as a group/collective/average would be my question here .
i learned more about reading and writing at home than i ever did in school because well my parents were invested and we read literally every night .
not gon na lie because u play the champs that are well known to be mentally unstable and lose it ... cough draven cough yasuo
i love sucking on boobies it 's the best part of them besides your wet pussy
not op but it is possible to not want to be in a union and also not be a shill .
also you do n't need to insult strangers on the internet who have a different opinion .
fwiw unionization is a long term investment with up front costs .
if you do n't plan on sticking around a job for a few years it does n't really make sense to unionize .
i know this because i am in a union and i pay few thousand dollars a year for that privilege .
it 's worth it for me but i 'm not sure i 'd see it that way if i planned on leaving in 18 months .
it 's completely possible some of the workers at hone depot saw it the same way .
elon is a prolly a spook and the money is prolly not his .
think about how the cloisers museum and how it got to america .
how could a man become so rich without the blessing of the us gov ?
lighting is a bit weird in the earlier seasons .
kinda like a soap opera lighting but it 's soooo good .
congratulations for setting your kids up to fail in the future .
for sure he broke down into his stance kept his feet active shoulders over hips wrapped up and made a successful play on the ball .
i do n't know if it would be fair but atm i have my eye put on robecca steam the original draculaura or frankie or even river styxx but i feel like maybe it 's too much to ask for lmao .
anyways any other doll could be an option too i 'm interested in what dolls people could offer to trade or what price would they be willing to pay !
i also do have some other dolls i could trade for if someone offered the dolls i listed
also let me just say this if you are white and you are in the comments accepting his apology .
he certainly deserves it but the dahmer legacy combined with current pc sensibilities will probably prevent it .
initially his performance seemed flat and one-note but it was actually filled with nuance and simmering rage .
rewatch the sandwich scene https youtu.be/llozm9tel3a again — a tour de force .
they ca n't as that would be legal advice .
if you want to know the likely outcome from an unsuccessful appeal you need to speak to a solicitor .
the short version is that dragons heroes will go down as a massive learning for tft .
they clearly were n't successful in the ways we had hoped .
from a thematic point of view centering your comp around big powerful dragons heroes sounds awesome .
but from a mechanics standpoint any level of thematic appeal could n't compensate for the harm they caused .
hopefully the above is not the case but this is a probable paragraph in the set 8 dev learnings .
yea i would do that too when i build this thing someday
traind app 20 de ani intr-un oras de 4 milioane de persoane era pentru mine o nebunie .
abia asteptam august sa plece toata lumea in vacante eu de obicei imi luam vacanta prin iunie-iulie doar ca sa arate orasul mai pustiu .
acum am revenit la un orasel mai mic aprox 180.000 loc si intr-un viitor abia astept sa imi iau o casa cu o curte mica intr-un orasel/sat .
this race was in ga so it run by a republican btw .
please add one to your thread to enable users to filter and search .
this lets everyone find what they 're looking for and avoid the stuff they 're not looking for .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/voicesexnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i think she 's going to try and recruit us all to her downline .
to me the most important thing is building the habit positively and consistently .
we brush stuffed animals teeth before los teeth a lot of the time .
we 've tried several different toothbrushes and let her pick which one until she settled in a favorite .
and we cut it short of she 's having a really hard day because the important thing is that we brushed not that we obsessed about every spot .
if you post his specs to a pc gaming community they might be able to recommend the best upgrade for his machine .
like a better graphics card ram or disk upgrade .
i do n't think there 's anyone who has a gaming machine who would n't appreciate an upgrade in any of those departments but it 's a minefield you 'll have to make a choice that 's compatible with what he has so he does n't spend ages trying in vain to make it work .
reminds me of ana de armas in no time to die she 's so cute 😍
these videos were so fun https youtu.be/bgnmpou1lnq the go '' person at 2:15
i guess if by that you mean misleading heading .
looks like its to take cum and use her body to please cock .
lmao funny to jump to conclusions.. almost as funny as how much more attention some people received vs the 20x chinese or many millions of other ethnicities !
please go on about some conspiracy theory i must believe in and how i do n't care about anyone or something .
people love to make assumptions here and it 's comical to read !
only some matchs i usually play a lot but wanted to watch this one turned out really good
can i also ask if the white polymer surrounding the blue bezel not the white strap hope u got what i am referring to near the click buttons has that white discoloured or turned grey
the other comment is the only places i 'm aware of .
ca n't speak as i have n't used them .
just want to say this is another reason i miss play raven .
he had a network of people he knew in the area that fixed stuff .
i remember he had a guy that modded n64s and i got mine done .
so i need to get a dress for my office 's christmas party which is n't for another month and a half but ignore that so i decided to go through some of my clothes pick out ones i have no desire to wear wash them all and take them to plato 's closet tomorrow in the hopes that i 'll be able to get enough store credit to get a dress .
not sure how it 'll go since i did plato 's closet in my home town years ago when i was in hs and they refused to buy any of my stuff even though it was all designer and a lot still had tags .
this stuff is n't anywhere near that but i literally just want like maybe 25 for a dress that 's it .
and it 's 2 but 13 gallon totes full .
also i went through all 18 of my dresser drawers during this adventure giant ikea units and have decided i now want to reorganize them and have how i want to do it but i do n't think i wan na start that project tonight because i 'm already having a huge pounding headache from sorting through it all the first time to pick stuff out idk why i get headaches dizzy sick etc whenever i do anything remotely motivational
someone put the lego star wars building noise on here
i do n't know what it is but it is in gravy to make it gravity .
and y'all struggled against a m and a texas team that lost to teams tcu has beaten .
i 've watched half a dozen alabama games this year and y'all do n't look as good as last year .
tcu is likely in the playoffs and alabama has almost no shot this year given that you could n't beat tennessee and probably ca n't beat georgia either .
i do n't think you could beat tcu either but we 'll never find out .
being asked to get paid for the use of cutting edge technology is n't that outlandish .
you can morally object to it but to call it terrorism is lunatic speak .
shit i remember reddit posts as recently as last year about starlink where reddit was all up in arms about starlink existing because it was filling the atmosphere exosphere with space junk '' and lots of shit about how useless of a technology it was .
now it has been proven to be instrumental in ukraine 's resistance against the russian invasion and it 's vital technology that should be free ?
the us government agencies seriously dropped the ball on starlink .
it has to be the cia 's wet dream for a technology that can bypass great firewalls and allow people under restrictive regimes to freely access the worldwide web .
first and foremost i will repat the warning already given godf is irregular and you will not be able to intervisit us and ugle lodges .
if that does n't bother you and you 're interested specifically in godf then proceed .
godf like most of us irregulars in europe does n't often make their lodge locations a matter of public knowledge .
if you want to contact them or try to apply there are links on the godf website where you can give your info cv and point to the country/city you 're interested in .
i ca n't offer any other way apart from that .
i dunno what i did but i somehow got on aarps list medicare lists and advertisers for new born babies .
either way i wish i knew how to poison the well more .
callout is my fav even if the enemy is behind my teammate
you used the item 'redwood staff ' and did 17 extra lawful damage .
you 'll have them all 90 within 2 weeks .
shit i knew this since i was a kid .
it took me almost a month to be pain free .
i regretted everything for the first week or so because this is not easy at all .
the had no murder weapon or any evidence that it was the defendant shooting so they could n't prove that it was in fact the defendants gun that went off 2 .
the victim had chased the defendant out of the store which could be argued that the shooting was in fact self defense as the defendant had left and was pursued and assaulted after leaving the store .
the entire case had so many holes you could drive a truck through them .
my high school sex ed class taught us about abstinence .
my first pokemon game was emerald and my starter was a mudkip that i named kippy .
favorite pokemon memory was when i found shiny zygarde in a dynamax adventure because it was my first shiny legendary i caught myself
as a retailer i can tell you that you 're incorrect .
the female figures still sell badly in comparison to male figures in boys '' toylines .
cucurella kane for wilson castagne for a hit so i could go mount to salah next week ?
just got home from work and saw they even downvoted our last replies !
takes me about 10 hours to get the footage and edit a 3 min help video like that .
just want to help the community test more get frustrated less
here 's an upvote to offset the chronic downvoter !
spreading lies also immoral but pas seems to do it alot
virgo/aqua sun pisces/leo moon and aqua/gemini rising i have a scorpio stellium and he has a cap stellium .
i find we view things completely different and the same at the same time .
you can imagine the stubbornness on both fronts yet the depth and compassion and desire to connect helps soften the intense energy .
we have this safe little cocoon that we disappear into .
we are getting so much better at communicating not reacting .
i 've only found 4 skillets this ladder so far .
hope they did n't charge for r i and o/h otherwise you got what you paid for .
if you filter for controversial comments '' this is most of them women ☕️
depends on your os and the core you have been playing the game with on the mini .
on the deck running retroarch it should be retroarch/.retroarch/saves corename
copy the save file s over if you are using a different core on the deck you might need to rename the file extension .srm and .sav are interchangeable just edit it .
if you have launched the game on the deck prior to adding your saves you will need to delete any save states there since they will interfer with the new save files .
note these instructions are for save files only save states are only cross compatible between like-for-like cores .
i mean we just lost because maxey if we are being honest .
doc is a moron but maxey is the one that threw
focus on the past and that 's what will last .
i 'm all about signing rizzo for a 2 to 3 year deal in the 13 to 18 mil range .
with another off-season to get healthy jnay can play right field and rizzo at first against righties .
i personally love what that does for our lineup .
the 11 looks a little blocky but i think still looks great .
i 've tried the 5 but recently looking at the 7.5 phantom x and i ca n't get over how good it looks .
you 'd realize the issue is with a british reseller
but in the battlefield in the bedroom i would have the upperhand
i was able to manage part time work in retail until i had a series of manic attacks that cost me the job .
i found i could manage 15-20 hours a week but any more than that and i 'd start to lose it .
if harry got put in slytherin snape would have put harry in detention for it .
in fact your updates make it seem like you 've only ever been the asshole .
aside from the mc comments nothing you could ever do justify those so a sprinkling of esh too .
you can make that mitre cut on a drop saw that can be adjusted on both axis
because those food pyramids back in the old days ... are actually bad .
we used to think that carbs should make the most of our diet .
and that we should n't have too much protein or fats .
story time one of my relative distant aunty kept buying and bringing junk food for my niece .
i kinda told her to stop bringing junk because it 's not healthy .
she argued that it was good food because we 're feeding her veggies meat and food that makes people starve lol .
she used to be a prep teacher and she bought up the topic of food pyramids and how people need more carbs ...
anyhow nowadays we know the importance of protein and fats .
and also know now that carbs sugar are bad for you so too much of it ... is not great .
if they already procreated they tend to not have those baby rabies .
but they are looking for a stand in baby daddy .
by knocking on the door he becomes a visitor to the property .
if you told me sodicia '' was some euro language for sock '' i 'd believe you
he drinks does weed daily which is expensive as heck has no financial skills and has a temper .
why the hell are you with this guy ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ?
hon you do n't need the boyfriend you need a therapist to help you understand why you stay with a man with so many red flags your kids are at an age where they learn from you what kind of treatment is acceptable in a relationship please dont let this be what they look for in the future .
that doubt you have is your survival instinct kicking in to overdrive to scream at you to run ! ! ! ! .
! so many women ignore it and end up in the morgue.💀☠️
read what you wrote now imagine it 's your daughter telling you about the new guy she 's seeing as a loving and caring mother what would you tell her ? .
well it has more to do with food turning bad during eclipses which was common previously due to lack of refrigeration and stuff .
now that we have the means to keep food okay not eating does n't make sense .
eating food bad in quality meant an upset stomach hence eating was avoided .
after eating they checked what was good and what was n't bad and then consumed food .
still running strong for a 40 year old watch as it 's currently only gaining about 3 seconds per month .
really happy with the condition on this particular 7548 example .
hands show a little bit of ageing around the edges of the metal but the dial and bezel are practically pristine .
plus the case is unpolished and retains its original bevels and brushing pattern .
currently wearing it on an uncle seiko z199 bracelet .
i mean following that logic he burned them to death not because his big brother thought he was a weak fighter but because the brother was a heavy snorer .
my gripe is that there are no known reasons to explain the behaviour .
a simple dialog in passing could 've been enough especially since he 's not a minor character .
there are n't going to be public comments about marquee coaches with current jobs even remotely entertaining a job they do n't plan to take .
damn i 'm glad u get access to that lol i would love to ll to
not sure if you watched amazons man in the high castle but it was similar in that certain things and characters happened at various points instead of being linear
well except trump placed head operators on all his other businesses first .
like i believe ivanka was running the main trump empire operations .
musk has an ego so big he thinks he can do it all at least trump delegated .
as much as i hate to give him any credit he did do well at knowing what he ca n't do and having smarter people than him in place around him
it 's probably about the lack of gas pipeline infrastructure in the northeast .
whenever the temperatures drop news outlets get to dust off this old chestnut and pretend it 's a new story .
the gist of it is always the same a huge natural gas deposit sits 200 miles away in pa but zoning laws in ny ct and ma prevent the build out of infrastructure that would allow us to get that gas cheaply .
then they compare the price of heating oil and liquid natural gas in boston to the prices in europe .
then they file the story away so that they can run it again in late january or february .
all the ravens have to do is get married and they 'll never blow one again ...
if your front bottom smells bad you may have an infection it 's quite normal an dose of antibiotics maybe needed .
your front bottom is self cleaning ! ! ! !
whenever i play i saw her standing there i ca n't help but be impressed that paul played that and sang at the same time .
i would never threaten my wife in an argument .
and i would n't get into an argument with her about such stupid stuff you just described .
you could just say hey honey could you set your phone to silent that sound is driving me up the wall . ''
but i guess your ex partner has a lot of unsolved issues and you should keep away from him and definitely not marry that man .
and i 'm again gratefull for the very strict gun laws of my country .
at least we do n't have to live in fear of every numbnut owning a gun .
o right it 's in the subs explanation of judgement .
you said only op was ta implying the spouse was justified in their action .
young man in this house we use a little word called please .
bedbugs look more like ticks though with a different number of legs
yet if we show them straight porn nobody bats an eye
i really do n't want to be mean but i think you 're to much online and obsessed with this community .
online communities in anything are very small and particular cliques of bigger groups .
i come from an orthodox country and religious people are just normal and reasonable .
there is a community here about people having delusions about marrying fictional characters from anime .
that 's literally mental illness yet i do n't worry in mutliple post the influence of anime to make people schizo .
especially when i am not a member of the anime community .
i have everything i need to know so do you .
she likes you the only way to make it more known now is if she just comes out and says it .
or if you kiss her and she kisses back .
i tried to avoid spoilers and leaks as much as possible when it originally released .
yeah i love my wildpeaks have them on my tacoma and built outback .
have n't tried kenda but the falken wildpeak is definitely the most used aggressive winter tire amongst the colorado offroad community .
i was never a huge revolver guy i have some performance center guns and they were good but this ... this was the most amazing enjoyable gun to shoot .
seriously i can not say enough good things about it .
since you said you want to run he with top meta '' comps i 'll just list the ones i think are doing the best after reasearching and testing most of them myself so far
nilou bloom nilou/xingqiu-yelan/barbara-kokomi/nahida i did n't had nilou to actually test this one but i think at this point is a no-brainer that it 's extremely good specially in aoe situations .
hyperbloom nahida/raiden-kuki/xingqiu/x the 4th slot for this comp can be tons of different choices zhongli yelan beidou anemo support ... but yelan would be the one with highest damage potential you could also try to use fischl/yae for the electro slot but i do n't think would perform as solid as the main options .
i 'm actually runing this with nahida/raiden/xingqiu/diona since i was at same positions as you and did n't had kuki yelan and not even zhongli and even so it is still doing very high dps .
aggravate keqing-cyno-yae/nahida/fischl/zhongli you could also try an anemo support in place of zhongli but since nahida is kind clunky for when you are trying to trigger swirl in quicken tems i would preffer zhongli or some healer instead .
fischl is a must have imo for any quicken teams since her a4 is just insane on those .
i was running this one with keqing/nahida/fischl/jean again no zhong and it was the team i cleared abyss with so i cna say it 's also pretty strong .
also as an honorable mention if you have your ganyu built for a reverse melt comp you can try the reverse melt team ganyu/nahida/bennet/zhongli it 's a very unique one that takes advantage of the way nahida 's e works to basically reproc burning on the enemies after each of ganyu 's shot .
i also tested this one it did really good my ganyu c0 with 60/140 crit and 140 em was doing up to 140k per crit shot when fully buffed but you can see some more well built ones doing even more than that .
those are all the ones that i would consider top meta '' going with what you have you could only go with the reverse melt comp rn or re-build your raiden for the hyperbloom comp i actually did that just because i had other comps anyway and i just wanted to try something new xd but you can always also try to wait for yae banner and try the aggravate one too .
it 's really simple because i did n't want to increase my own workload .
a spell with a gold cost component instead requires a component with a quintessence value of 10 times the gold cost .
the standard/expected exchange is 1 silver per quintessence but the dm 's free to alter pricing depending on setting/location and other factors as they see fit .
i also use this substitution for magic item creation and scroll scribing more so for a unified system than anything else .
i thought lasagna soup was pretty common there 's even a progresso canned version here in the us .
it 's one of my favorite crockpot recipes too !
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
usually even with fake gpus you have some details filled in .
i initially thought it was a vbios issue but now i 'm curious if the card also reproduces the same problem in a separate system .
glad to see this mega thread have only done one eurographics and picked it up at a thrift shop ... gratefully it was n't a boring cut because it was almost all one color but in trying to sort the last few pieces and figure out if we had false fits we did i found that the one person i found posting theirs online had the same cut as ours i believe mine was what you are referring to as wink whereas theirs was likely the smart cut .
we finished minus one missing piece but i 'm not sure i 'll give them another go
i 'd move it to vlan and have the network device do the capture
i know it 's crazy but so was the idea of trump .
the same people who voted for trump for lulz would vote for kanye .
he does n't really have an ideology like trump but you can pick out what you like grab bag style from his stream of consciousness riffing .
the fact that i do n't know if i 'm being sarcastic or not unsettles me
your post has been automatically removed because your comment karma is less than 50 .
we only allow users to post fresh content if their comment karma is at or above 50 .
also be aware we only allow self-promotion from established members of the community .
users must have at least 10 posts/comments spread out over a few months on the subreddit to self-promote .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/popheads if you have any questions or concerns .
he does n't like it because it 's about north macedonia and he 's most likely from some balkan country that hates north macedonia .
during production higher sample and bit rates might be useful for plugins that do n't already support oversampling .
for listening though anything more than 48khz/16bit is snake oil .
it 's based on sales over the last four weeks .
i mean what do people really do in the army .
you join as a mechanic or something technical and after 5-10 years you end up in s3 planning shit that does n't matter .
my wife does n't know that i 'm the primary hand receipt holder for xx million dollars or that i 'm responsible for planning the next brigade easter egg hunt .
i 'd love a dlc or game set in china at the same time
this is probably solid advice but i 've been storing mine in the fridge door for 30 years and have never had a problem .
usually lasts at least a few days longer than the expiry date .
way i see it you either have capitalism or slavery with extra steps .
if you do n't believe that then tell me a better option .
you are a good person op and clearly this creep has exhausted the good will from the people closer in his life and is moving onto clamoring for attention from charitable people like who who have n't cut him off like the leech he is .
clearly he values you as a sex object only .
you seem like such a nice person for making sure someone would have food .
this will free up energy in you for good people who reciprocate your respect and kindness .
i do n't want to sleep or shut out their childhoods away so i force myself to do things .
it does make me feel better and i do enjoy spending the time with them it 's just that some days i just ca n't and then they feed off my mood and it 's just miserable for everyone and i feel guilty which makes me want to do things less and it becomes a vicious cycle that i have to pull myself out of .
i could probably tell you but i cant for the life of me remember a disallowed try .
could you jog my memory or possibly give the highlight video ?
probably not classically liberal but at least coherently liberal or neoliberal by the definitions used by this sub .
unfortunately their constituents never wanted them to be a coherent party capable of governance and they were punished severely for trying .
it 's a great place to be from not really a great place to live now .
i can see a lot of effort has gone into it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
if they said that they might 've wanted to believe that they really did know/believe it so strongly that they came to really believe they had believed it to relieve their guilt/responsibility .
assuming you use windows server for every cloud function and why would n't you ?
i 'd advise writing an autohotkey script for every server build to automate the moving and clicking of the mouse and typing of keys .
you would of course need to install and configure the operating system first for that white-glove approach and then you 'd need to do each build manually at least once to know how many pixels to move the mouse for each step etc .
but once done you 'll have a highly portable and replicable automation runbook assuming the console screen resolution remains the same on all future builds .
15,255 2,914 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yj3r1v/takeoff_reportedly_just_got_shot_and_killed_in confirmed rip takeoff reportedly just got shot and killed in houston
4,070 741 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yjcwxs/desiigner_quits_rap_over_takeoffs_death desiigner quits rap over takeoff 's death https www.tmz.com/2022/11/01/desiigner-migos-takeoff-dead-quavo-houston-shooting
1 thrawn in the new books does suck at them .
2 his theme is really a pretty good theme .
as far as his character is considered the show one was not what he is like in the new thrawn trilogy
and do you think the meaning of what plato wanted to say is lost with the translation or is it ok to read them ?
any specific no for creon dosage as i m 50 kg height 6'2
clipping beats limiting 99 of the time in edm specifically
everything else should be case-by-case and not a general rule .
one minute they are bragging about overtaking the uk in gdp terms and the next they are asking us for more money .
i love the idea of trying over time to identify bulls just by taste
idk what is the point of getting this achi with new char not the main one ?
i 'm doing amazon flex pretty happy with it not a scam at all but sometimes you get shit runs .
is it possible to paint some of the penals separate or is this one big part ?
nope you get taxed taking money out your pension .
if you are a higher rate payer and expect to be when you have your pension then you would be worse off contributing to your pension with 20 relief than you would not contributing and using a savings account instead .
the pension will be taxed on the way out whereas the savings account would not .
any higher rate tax payer would be better off not paying any money at all into their pension .
that 's an insane situation for the government to create .
this affects more people than ever before as the thresholds are not keep pace with wage growth .
in 1990 only 6.5 of people paid the higher rate .
by 2000 it was 10.5 and now 16.2 pay it more in the future .
we had to remove all of our cat 's back teeth .
she only has a few in the front and her face looks a little strange too .
people notice but they ca n't put their finger on why .
i know the new strain is n't as bad but when i caught covid it was the sickest i 've ever been and i was fully vaxxed and boosted .
kids know when their parents are lying and then they 'll never really listen because they 're never told the truth .
open and honest conversations are the way to go .
do n't teach your kids that lying is okay .
that it might be reissued again or be available through the traveling merchants
did n't bookmark the details to the change to tokenomics .
as it 's centralised a change like this is easy for them to implement
yes it makes a lot of sense if you look at the outcome .
having no restrictions at all so you even have the right to abolish freedom or being restricted from the start and be forced to uphold other freedoms ?
this is a philosophical problem that has no perfect solution .
see karl popper about tolerance '' which is a similar problem .
did you know the spiritual meaning when a stray cat chooses you https thecowherd.com/2022/10/31/when-a-stray-cat-chooses-you-spiritual-meaning ?
and if a stray cat happens to come to you and meows at you you 'll be in cloud nine .
you 'll experience a huge sense of happiness and joy .
sometimes you even feel as if you 've already known this cat .
this is because this is a union of two souls which have some karmic balance from their past life .
when a stray cat chooses you have you wondered whether it has any spiritual meaning ?
have you ever found yourself being followed by a stray cat for no reason ?
or have you seen a cat show up at your doorstep and wondered what its spiritual meaning could be ?
well not only weddings many human to animal relationships are also made in heaven so to say .
well the answer lies in the karmic relationship of past life .
while we were doing some research to write this blog we found a whole lot of content on the internet that is just beating around the bush and giving random reasons as to why a stray cat chooses you or what it means when a stray cat comes to your house .
battletrap https tfwiki.net/wiki/battletrap g1 is duocon a late g1 gimmick where 2 vehicles formed 1 robot mode .
the stunticons are motormaster dragstrip deadend breakdown and wilderider .
i hope this may have helped alleviate some confusion .
i feel like i see people do this with japanese or korean bls more often .
not sure why or it could just be confirmation bias .
back in my day all we had was anime bls and we liked it !
this is not a news ... google cloud partnered with many chains ...
here 's a weird one i have little artistic talent so i 'm planning on tracing over print screens of 3d models in garry 's mod that are posed and placed in appropriate maps all in an attempt to tell a story with it .
even if i give credit to the models/maps is there anything wrong with that ?
multiple spin offs reference it inigo is literally based around chrom 's personality and color scheme and olivia is the wife in the drama cd or village maiden but one of the two
actions have consequences like continuing to open coal fired power plants when everyone knows coal is the dirtiest and most polluting fuel on the planet .
just gon na leave this here for when it eventually releases ... https store.steampowered.com/app/1043810/tactical_breach_wizards
i mean i 'm all for you do you '' kind of attitude but most of the time those people suffer alone and have a high chance to commit suicide due to not having anyone to talk to .
hey dock we realy messed up hill vally this time
both the pro-lgbt and the anti-lgbt groups i know are unhappy at the recent repel of 377a and this protecting the constitution that marriage is between men and women
the opposition knows that the pap has made both sides of the population unhappy and were smart to keep quiet .
now here he is trying to draw the attention to opposition most singaporeans are smart enough to know that the opposition has no voice in this country anyway .
se ve que vives en una burbuja y no conoces nada sobre la mafia del ambulantaje .
no pagan impuestos pero si le deben de pagar un cobro a un lider de zona que a su vez este le paga al de la alcaldía en turno dinero que solo va a sus bolsillos .
los locatarios que están de forma legal ni se ven porque están todos tapados por estos mismos .
el día que se quemó el mercado de la merced los bomberos llegaron en menos de 5 min pero tardaron más de 40 minutos en poder ingresar por todos los puestos que están ahi .
es de las alcaldías que genera y con más basura .
i guess the saying misery loves company is true .
if you 're that jaded from this industry maybe it 's time to hang up the boots forever lol especially if it makes you that miserable to where you 're being a bitch unprovoked in a stripper community more like a highschool locker room lmao😵‍💫😂
you don‘t need to overexpose portra but this is definitely underexposed .
the only hope i have is for bp vault .
but again it depends on how they manage to do it
bestest trans hottie i have ever came across ... uppr se teri sadi jaan hi lelo hmari🥵🥵
they are referring to the crew that came alongside musk from tesla to supervise the restructuration .
they are used to private by default teams channels and did not realise they had created a public one for themselves on twitter slack .
we all know exactly how much there is and when more will be mined .
no one know how many dollars euros or yen there are now nor do we know how many there will be next month .
if it sounds good it 's good and i leave the settings as they are even if without compression the overall mix sounds worse .
i do it just because sooner or later i will put compressor or limiter later on to master the track
maan i 'm in the wrong profession i should do that too easy and you can charge a decent amount and those dog nuts will pay and arm and a leg without a word .
the only smite i would blame on him was the varus steal at game 5 was it ?
bard game was ok he did not need to make any game changing plays when u have caitlyn on your team t1 had to play around bard being on opponents team and its all that mattered in the end they could not engage on backline at any point of the game .
good question if it will cover fixed price contracts .
think that 's more to do with a fusion being more than the sum of its parts rather than ruby specifically
this is a hard one but i think i have to choose the car
congrats on starting t hope you 're enjoying your process and becoming a little more confident every day .
re the mannerisms you could differentiate between men and women .
for example be the charming and thoughtful guy do n't manspread next to a woman .
you can do all this be assertive and take up your space without being a toxic jerk .
take it as prescribed if you want it to work
so i was conflicted about whether to pull for nahida or childe later because i only have enough wishes for one of them and was hoping someone could help out !
i just started playing a month and a half ago and my only 5 stars are nilou and venti .
if i get nahida i 'll have to mostly play her in the nilou team right ?
is a nilou nahida team with only barbara and dendro mc gon na be fun in the overworld ?
i do n't really care about the abyss as of now since i have the entirety of inazuma and sumeru left to explore and do the story .
also i have n't built nilou yet since i have n't been to sumeru are her and nahidas levelling up mats locked behind the sumeru archon quests ?
that article also says some superstition superstars sacrifice these owls to please goddess lakshmi for more wealth .
why ca n't they start their own tea stall and become buznispeeples and mint money ?
lots of rich dudes in china want to drink rhino horn powder instead of viagra rhino horns have the same stuff we have on our nails you do n't fuck better and here we are not even leaving a fucking owl alone .
what is the proportion of american cities with democratic mayors vs republican ones ?
i keep receiving emails from aliexpress while i turned it off why do i keep getting them ?
that 's called bankruptcy and i do n't believe it would be viable nor worth the trouble if it were .
as if a courts ever just going to go ‘whoops 700k is gone ok ! '
i 'm looking for a speaker for in the bathroom with chromecast support but it is n't very clear what speaker have chromecast support and what speaker do n't on the bose website .
i have an empty m2 slot pcie 3.0 and i 'm planning to buy crucial p5 plus ssd which is 4.0 i 'm aware that it 'll run at 3.0 speeds .
i just wanted to confirm whether my laptop m2 slot is sata or nvme .
i went through the manuals and details about the laptop but it 's nowhere mentioned .
the crucial p5 plus ssd is nvme and i plan to buy the 500gb model .
i entered my laptop serial number on crucial website and it returned that ssd as a result stating that it is compatible .
serial number of my laptop is 5cd821f56p you can enter this on the hp website in the support section and get the following result
this is my first time purchasing a ssd and i do n't want to make the wrong purchase .
i have had my interest in fighting games for some years now .
i 've mainly played platform fighting games like brawlhalla smash bros and occasionally mortal combat with a friend .
before i pick up ggs what are some good things to know ?
like the competive scene is it noob friendly the balance/meta is the ps4 applicable and should i just wait for a sale to buy the game ?
i hope this question is one that can actually be answered and i hope this is both the right sub and the right flair for it .
i think i have a good knack for mixing and timing but have come up against a consistent obstacle i 'm equally enthusiastic about a wide range of genres and can not find a coherent sound .
lately i 've taken my first in a series of classes at a local dj school to up my game a bit and whilst my teacher is enthusiastic about my niche genre preferences both of us think i need to work on refining my sound a little or at least finding what it is that the genres i like to play have in common so that i can work around that to develop something a bit more coherent in my mixes .
i guess i 'm coming here to ask firstly if anyone else has come up against this obstacle and how they worked with it ?
and secondly i want to list the genres i like playing the most to see if anyone can see a common theme that might help me move forwards with defining what it is i really like .
my favourite genres to play from most to least prevalent/preferred
chiptune/bitpop/anything 8bit especially harder/dancier stuff like harleylikesmusic monodeer fantomenk and some bossfight stuff
stuff like i loosely term 'nerdcore ' which mostly refers to edm-y primarily dnb and dubstep remixes of video game music
hyperpop especially poppy earwormy stuff like hannah diamond but also 'darker'/weirder stuff like sophie
upbeat but glitchy and weird music like hitech psytrance think lapix and future bass
is there a way i can preserve these genres in my mixes somehow without sounding completely chaotic ?
do i need to cull some to maintain a unique but coherent sound ?
please help i do n't want to kill my darlings .
order now on our official website link below ⤵️ .
my team 's first player is having 9 kills and enemy 's last player has 21 .
i feel something very deep and it 's debilitating my life so i 'd be very thankful if anyone who knows what is this i 'm going through to let me know.. here it is
i keep going back to my old places where i used to frequent i like to hang around my schools when i was a kid and i try to remember my self being there and i feel something very profound in me like a hunger i can not ever satisfy when i 'm at my old places it 's like i 'm getting little crumbs but it 's not enough it 's not just my schools it 's also my college and my previous workplace from 13 years ago.. so it 's not just a childhood thing and i watch the movies i used to watch.. and i feel sad i wish i could go back to that time but of course i can't.. i know it 's sometimes normal for people to get nostalgic for the old times but with me it 's different i feel a heartache i feel like i 'm trying to get myself but why ?
i do n't understand i 'm right here do n't i have myself from that time ?
i do n't feel i have myself if that makes sense..
i talked with a few therapists they didnt get me and advised me to have hobbies and be with friends i do have hobbies and friends but i still have this feeling in me..
sometimes i think maybe because i 've had rough years and my life is getting harder every year so i long for the time when i had the things i 'm missing today.. is that it ?
but i should be able to cope and make the best of my life and i can't..
i 'm chasing my past self and i ca n't fully have myself from that time..
i hope i 'm not sounding too crazy 😊 and i hope someone would understand what i 'm saying unlike the therapists and the many psychics and energy workers i saw .
thank you for reading and if you want me to explain more i 'll be happy to .
hit run on the i-15 northbound this morning on my way to las vegas .
i 'm traveling at approx 70mph in my myp when all the sudden i was hit by what i believe to be a 2011 chevy malibu ltz .
i pulled to the far right lane and the guy immediately sped off after impact .
note i have a bike rack in the rear .
impact is at approx 10 seconds into the video .
from my rear view cam only able to upload 1 video at a time i could see him weaving in/out of traffic about 30 seconds prior to him hitting me .
i have been using cerave cleanser from normal to oily .
my night routine is cleanser ordinary niacinamide and then retinol serum .
sometimes i skip retinol and go with using paula 's choice 2 bha and then apply niacinamide .
morning routine is just using cleanser and sometimes neutrogena moisturiser afterwards .
now the issue is that i have been using this routine for a year now it helped me with acne but my skin does n't feel good or glow .
i wan na now either i am using the wrong products for my skin or not using it right ?
i use paula choice twice a week and wait for 15 mins on my skin and then apply niacinamide .
i do n't know for how long should i use it and in which sequence i should apply it and how much quantity for each product .
using cleanser makes my skin very dry and then applying moisturizer on it makes my face looks like it needs a wash again .
a place for members of r/munich_north to chat with each other
i am looking to build a new ddr5 setup .
it 's seeming like i can keep it between 2000 and 2500 .
could someone build a list to kind of guide me in the right direction .
but i know the intel chips are on a great sale right now .
this is my theory and analysis on the user known as u/puritylord_02
as all of us here should know puritylord has a reputation for being infatuated and excessively horny with sakamata chloe hololive member of jp gen 6 holox to the point where you could claim that she is chloe 's most dedicated schizo .
to puritylord chloe is n't just an oshi but a true bonafide idol .
a person to model yourself after to look up to to truly appreciate .
nearly all of her posts involve sakamata in some way and has also written an extensive semi-lewd fanfiction with impressive writing talent .
we all have been blind to realize it but this lore that has been established over the last few months regarding puritylord has told a massive story .
a story of struggle pain hope happiness and more .
initially puritylord became famed for their at the time wholesome fanfiction of sakamata chloe where the reader falls in love with her and vice versa .
at the time it could be seen as their attempt to bring their fantasies to life .
but as time progressed it became more apparent how devoted puritylord was to chloe .
consistently orcaposting on r/okbuddyhololive always talking about how much they wanted to be with chloe and the affection they wanted to show her .
this culminated in the ai chatbot incident a while back where people were using quite realistic and what some could consider almost sentient ai to model certain characters .
during this time it could be recounted the puritylord had extensive conversations with ai chloe .
at the time they thought they had finally found it .
it was almost better than conversing with a real girl .
it was as if they were talking directly to chloe .
the ai almost perfectly modeled the way she spoke her mannerisms etc .
of course shortly after the ai incident the bot was neutered being not as aware and buggy .
it was as if puritylord 's lover was ripped away from them .
no longer could they have those near-true-to-life conversations with chloe .
no longer could they truly portray their feelings toward her .
after the bot had been neutered puritylord would infamously post on okbh and have what appeared to be a schizophrenic emotional breakdown at the loss of chloe and how much they wished they could do what she did .
around this same time it would be revealed that puritylord was in fact transitioning from male to female .
she would continue to orcapost on okbh notably becoming more cheerful in her demeanor claiming that she wanted to spread happiness and joy much like chloe had done to her .
recently puritylord established r/purityland a place where people can freely orcapost but also a place that claims to encourage happiness and hopeful feelings .
knowing all of this i argue that puritylord has taken the idol part of chloe seriously and has set out to spread happiness to others like chloe has done for her .
to achieve this goal i believe that puritylord has made it her goal to become sakamata chloe if she is n't already .
wanting to model yourself after her being a dedicated idol fan experiencing what is actually like to talk with a mode of chloe .
the transitioning from mtf while likely not the reason why puritylord decided to transition lays further credence to his mission to become sakamata chloe .
observing her current activity and how she has made it her goal to make people happy just like chloe has done to countless fans and how dedicated she has made herself to mirror the silliness and optimism of the orca herself i think that u/puritylord_02 can in fact say
the overall impressions of cigar lounges in las vegas are
some redditors on r/cigars commented that the montecristo lounge at caesar 's palace and casa fuente in the forum shops are good places to go .
prices are what you expect on the strip but their old fashioned is top notch . ''
go to casa fuentes in the caesar 's shops and buy a cigar then take that cigar over to montecristo and smoke it and have some decent bourbon . ''
others on r/cigars expressed frustration that casinos in las vegas allow cigarettes but not cigars .
no advice just wanted to express my annoyance that vegas is cool with cigs at the tables but not cigars . ''
my blackjack dealer at harrah 's said it 's so stupid that they allow cigarettes but not cigars . ''
some redditors on r/business are excited about the prospect of new cannabis lounges in las vegas .
sorta unrelated but i was in vegas in january and went to planet13 bought some weed macarons and a joint for the 5 days i was going to be there . ''
hell i think they are the best place to be stoned all the lights are super amusing . ''
recent legislation has passed allowing recreational cannabis businesses to apply for licenses to open on-site consumption lounges .
this change could potentially divert customers from the big casino properties to these new lounges .
finally some redditors on r/cubancigars shared mixed experiences with cigar lounges in las vegas with some recommending the montecristo lounge and others expressing dissatisfaction with service and prices .
prices are what you expect on the strip but their old fashioned is top notch . ''
my first visit about 5 years ago was excellent .
great service and the cigar recommendation gave me a new favorite .
i made it a point to go back on my next visit .
i have an upcoming acc 406 final exam worth 60 .
i 'm really struggling trying to understand the material and it 's closed book .
plus if u have any material that can help me please send it to me thnx .
what do you think of bottles with hinged lids ?
bottles like ramon monegal or cartier 's baiser vole ?
are they easy to handle or do you prefer the regular stoppers ?
anybody knows how i can get back from a game to the desktop screen while in desktop mode ?
also tried using gestures from the kde plasma settings but they dont work while im in a game .
it really enoys me i cant switch between discord/browser while gaming in desktop mode .
cant use handheld mode either because switching screens often result in a black screen and having to reboot mostly when i play non steam games like overwatch .
im not familiar with b r but beckhoff seems to have more market share which might make it easier
i 've only seen it in event shop and body label shop .
yes they all look very similar and most have that underwing coloring for sure .
i mean those are all great but you got ta do your heavy ass deads rows and good morning 's imo
how much did they pay you to say this lol
be prepared for mind-blowing secrets only a select few are entrusted with .
aside from this ... ask questions of your trainer if you do n't understand something .
and thank them at the end of your shift .
male character becomes friends with female character and it does n't develop into a relationship .
also i find a lot of times whenever religion pops up it usually ends up being completely evil or is being corrupted .
having a religious character thats just nice or having it not being mentioned every few moments would be nice .
it confused me because initially she said she liked that i have n't been with anyone before .
i have more accounts than i can count my main is masters and i have one diamond and the rest is emerald or below .
when i lose on my main and i still want to play i will swap it 's way less stressful .
i usually will never play after one loss i just go swap i practice different champs and try different pathing playing higher elo is stressful because the players are better and the games actually matter so it 's nice to go down to low elo and actually have fun .
i 'm high elo the only fun part is seeing victory at the end .
actually he is albanian i can tell by the song and no other county would listen to albanian songs well in the balkans at least since every other country hates us which means he did n't steal them but rather stole organs sold organs bought nice clothes and moved to belgium .
they literally took the entire basket with them and they only stayed for one night 💀
the g means it has a gpu on the cpu called an apu .
if you intend to use that gpu you will be limited in games and productivity .
a 5600 is a good cpu as cpu 's go and you wo n't have any problems there .
it 's a good place to start if you intend to upgrade to a gpu later spreading the cost .
the apu is more than enough for light gaming and normal computer use .
i would suggest a minimum of 16gb of ram as it shares ram with the apu but that is n't a large expense as it goes .
i build my son a 2200g with 8gb of ram for his first pc and it performed much better than i expected .
there should be a world wide prohibition on making any ai look purposely like a person .
i mean defeating our biological bullshit meter in the uncanny valley is probably a bad thing .
not everyone is that brave and some worry their families at home will be punished in turn .
occasionally yes sort of depended what i 'd been doing that day !
at the time i often played on my nintendo ds and enjoyed doing crafty things including colouring/embroidery .
it only occasionally stopped me doing it because my elbow felt like tired ? !
if i kept my arm straight whenever possible and avoiding keeping it bent for long periods of time that generally stopped that tired sort of feeling from happening .
everyone is different but if this was the case for you you may just find you need to take breaks a bit more from gaming/guitar to rest your elbow but should n't mean you have stop all together
i would imagine lifting weights would be the same just avoid it for a good while post surgery to allow for proper recovery and start light when you start again this one is harder for me to comment on as i 'm definitely not one to do weights haha !
i feel like haverts would be good for another team with an actual striker not as a team using him as a striker .
hi your post has been removed as the tag used is not a valid askreddit tag .
the only tags allowed in askreddit are serious and nsfw .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm now long-term 256.55 eth all staked at the current yield of 4.11 apy in eth rewards .
i plan to buy 43.5 more eth to 300 total to the richest ! ! !
frustrating as hell to play and they always have a shit record so you get no credit for beating them .
nurse sarah on youtube does an excellent job with explaining all nursing contents and definitely med math .
see in a 1997 porsche boxster u have to get quite creative with your cup holders hint you dont have any
do n't live in florida anymore but this thread made me have to reply .
you 're trying to save money when you do n't need to by moving into somewhere that does not fit any of your criteria .
go to any of the other areas around it like ocoee you 're putting your safety in danger especially when you 're talking about knocking on doors with a damn pie or plate of mac n cheese .
that area has not been gentrified or even cleaned up at all it is n't the worst place in the country look up my old hood camden nj but it is n't safe welcoming or worth it .
best way to see what everyone is talking about go to that area at night a couple times through the week and just drive around .
if there 's an ingredient that is near the solubility limit lower temperatures may cause it to precipitate—turning the solution cloudy or leaving particles .
this is unlikely and in any case typically reversible .
refrigeration temperature will generally extend the shelf life slowing oxidation and other undesirable reactions .
it may cause problems for emulsions but simple water-based solutions should see a benefit .
keep the lube in a plastic ziplock bag just to keep it from any contact with food and you should be golden .
yeah i do the 'do not recommend this channel ' thing on this it 's so annoying
they probably absorbed into the insulation by the time you guys checked .
i would also venture that alot of people that identify as e.g .
christian is because that 's part of their cultural identity and not necessarily what they really believe .
and in finland for example you automatically are a church member afaik until you fill in a form to not be .
that 'll go over as well as taiwan having a nuclear weapons program .
facebook probably only work with priority issues on weekends .
like making sure advertisment campaigns work for large businesses .
even thought all harry potter related issues should be considered the highest priority
so much quality for way less than we spent .
i 'm glad you still stay on this subreddit and actively support mahiru and the other characters .
absolutely seeing as how you 're my number one fan !
does the apartment complex provide it or do you have to hire a moving company to use it ?
i had a similar experience in middle school and high school .
i remember having all these crushes '' on various girls in my classes that are women now and daydreaming about dating them .
looking back though it was never about them and it was all about me .
like the only reason i wanted to date specific girls was 'cause i thought going out with them would make me the coolest guy in school like it was all about how i would look and not actually liking the girls themselves .
i know it 's true 'cause i had a specific preference for popular girls cool girls girls that did a lot of activities and knew a lot of people .
the thought of dating them was awesome at the time 'cause the more people they knew and were associated with the better chances i had of being the coolest guy in school .
like that 's literally the only thing i cared about as a thirteen to seventeen year old .
nowadays i do n't think about it like you do like i will never fall in love '' .
i think about it like i 'm not gon na fall in love '' .
'cause now that i 'm graduated that whole social status benefit aspect is flushed down the toilet .
so you probably are gon na end up maturing past these unrealistic expectations from romantic movies that are all fake by the way all just lines in a script someone wrote .
esp considering the getting older aspect that whole romanticizing the idea of romance '' thing is most likely gon na get old like the kids that want to be superheroes 'cause they romanticize superhero movies .
it 's obv not the same thing 'cause romance is n't 100 fiction but you know what i 'm saying .
a hipster date tell me his homemade beet spirits would change my whole opinion on beets
my brain just flat-out rejected the idea of this man in any context .
i know of an internship opportunity that accepts internationals !
it 's in commercial real estate but all majors are welcomed and the program connects you to top real estate companies across the country who need interns in tech finance development and asset management positions .
i welcome you to apply i hope this helps .
he has dealt with that for so long that it no longer works on him .
which includes two of the largest megaliths in the world
if it 's not going to cause you any hardship i 'd likely go for it but make sure you know the specs of what he needs for whatever it is he 's looking to do
although payed exists the reason why autocorrection did n't help you it is only correct in
nautical context when it means to paint a surface or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant .
payed out when letting strings cables or ropes out by slacking them .
unfortunately i was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment .
mjf handpicked him as the most underrated guy in the roster in his barstool sports interview .
also i believe he 's mjfs bestfriend in real life .
so i would n't doubt this was a handpicked choice .
only thing that consistently works is banana pb chocolate protein shakes .
easy way to add 1000 quality calories each day .
drinking a 6 pack of beer a day then eating everything in sight works as well but it 's soft unhealthy weight..
so i 'm in high school and its sunday rn .
and here i am leveling up 4 skadi on my typhon thinking they thr better choice 😪
probably flew an empty plane to the bahamas and flew somewhere else in another plane instead
digital for multi-players only and then physical copy for anything else
right but like why would they know to look him up ?
the video literally shows you there is no theorizing.you can see half pounded out granite stones in the quarry ... .i do n't think you watched the video .
you can see the marks on the sarcophagus where it was worked with stone pounding tools you can even see where they made mistakes .
if you do n't believe what is clearly spelt out and shown to you there us nothing i can say to convince you .
i just want to know which part of russian propaganda you 're choosing to believe
the detail i ca n't get over is them saying this in front of your kids .
yeah that 's the earliest mention i can remember .
trevor was talking about punching back the wages i think .
announce a fundraiser and the team donates x amount for each post hit to whatever cause .
i agree that a voltage regulator is most likely but it will be difficult to deduce .
if you buy another or know someone with another you could very carefully measure the pin voltages while operating .
yeah but ps5 has great games outside of vr too .
anyone that 's not played astrobot should n't be considered a gamer at all !
this sub is for approved and verified original content oc only .
any user who is not approved and verified with the mod team will have their post removed by the bot
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/backdimples if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you are dramatically misunderstanding how an emergency placement happens if you think it was shitty to agree to take the child when asked .
op probably was given hours or perhaps even minutes to agree or the social worker was going to drop the baby off at a temporary foster home .
when they remove a child they do n't wait for the cousin 's girlfriend to process her feelings about it the kid needs place to sleep that night .
if it 's quality ground then it 's seasoned only with salt and pepper medium and less .
if it 's standard grocery store go nuts with whatever you like well-done .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains .
the currently approved domains are imgur.com gfycat.com img.pornhub.com and reddit uploads .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/povpornvids if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've been on a journey this past year basically realizing i 'm at a point in my life where i do n't need to keep using the ibanez rg i got when i was 13 when you know i wanted to flex that i was hardcore and the fender frontman from the same period whose reverb sounds like a 3 stooges effect .
definitely some trips to guitar center to mess around and start to settle the selection down .
and been eyeing this guy for about 5 months now .
saw a model that looked a tad nicer slightly lower weight get snagged off sweetwater last saturday night and that was what finally pushed me over the edge .
guaranteed we crossed paths in the mtc unless you went to a foreign training center and not the provo one .
i think it 'd be hard to accept the loneliness of being short but i 'd say to stop making it about your height .
just flat out reject those who make it a big deal and focus more on living your life to how you see fit .
the good ones will come to you for the person you are and the real good ones will stay
i 'm sorry to say that all the character development meggy got was meaningless anyway given her recent attitude .
besides desti 's death was poor writing anyway so not much more damage can be done .
they know more than the average person about making money
people have 0 issues going to college for a business degree learning from professors who have absolutely 0 experience or knowledge about business
i 'm not really referring to the specific statement that i have n't seen but rather the constant q and anti-vaxx posts .
why complicate the simple bumper sticker message of inflation is coming protect yourself with silver '' if the plan is to change the banking system by getting a huge number of ordinary people to buy silver ?
we require a minimum account age of 1 month and a minimum combined karma of 50 to participate here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/joeybdezsnark2 if you have any questions or concerns .
my favorite is when they stop in the middle of the roundabout to let you on 🤦 .
i know there were a lot of changes made to the cannabis amendment but realistically it 's pretty easy to get .
you wo n't have to drug me i 'll gladly enjoy whatever you and your friends have planned for me
i ca n't help but dislike the rays purely because of their stupid ballpark '' .
i have no ill will towards the fans the region or any particular player and i understand why a swfl venue needs weather protection but it 's so bad it taints the organization .
in truth i did n't mean to clip this one .
i was removing some fan leaves and accidentally snipped this one haha
but generally speaking i think people just do it when they 're anxious to test out a plant they 're really excited about .
as long as it 's close to being finished and you only take a little bit i do n't see anything wrong with it .
your submission has been automagically removed because the title seems to be begging/pandering/overused/unoriginal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexytummies if you have any questions or concerns .
if you go around calling half of the voting public in this country monsters '' you are not liberal not tolerant and frankly not bright .
you have made the mistake of writing ect '' instead of etc . ''
ect '' is a common misspelling of etc '' an abbreviated form of the latin phrase et cetera . ''
the latin translates as et '' to and '' cetera '' to the rest '' a literal translation to and the rest '' is the easiest way to remember how to use the phrase .
check out the wikipedia entry if you want to learn more .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
comments with a score less than zero will be automatically removed .
if i commented on your post and you do n't like it reply with ! delete '' and i will remove the post regardless of score .
please post any comments that are not a photoshop as a reply to this comment and leave the top of the thread for original content .
i bot removed my first comment to keep this nest at the bottom of the page .
check out the r/photoshopbattles best of 2020 '' results !
helpful links for this image other discussions r/photoshopbattles/related/yriw36/psbattle_stray_dog_getting_first_bath_at_animal karmadecay r/photoshopbattles/comments/yriw36/psbattle_stray_dog_getting_first_bath_at_animal google image search https www.google.com/searchbyimage ? image_url=https i.redd.it/qtpryadhr6z91 2ejpg
this is an automated response faq http www.reddit.com/r/apicontraptions/wiki/apicontraption_faq send feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=apicontraption subject=feedback thingid message link to post r/photoshopbattles/comments/yriw36/psbattle_stray_dog_getting_first_bath_at_animal 'i like feedback '
ong this fight had me hyped tf up bro .
you should have a good resume with 80 interviews like that 's insane .
try to prep for interviews a bit more since that 's the failure point .
look up impact stories and try to prep 2 star format stories 2 minutes in length each for each letter .
a lot of interviews start off with something like tell me about yourself .
having something thought out in advance helps you deliver in the actual interview .
you really need to make sure it will have a good roi in the long run and really only makes sense if you want to get out of sales .
i was like you and was in a sales based role and decided to go the education route mba and made 155k out of school .
but not all graduate degrees are created equal and you could create a lot of liability for yourself at the expense of 2 wage-earning years .
do n't use education to run from something use it to run towards something that significantly benefits your long-term career .
yes — i 'm not saying that i do n't appreciate it musically it 's just that it 's kind of underwhelming as a title sequence .
for comparison how much more epic is the intro to fellowship of the ring ?
still somewhat understated compared to other movie titles but way more of a defined hook '' and it works much better .
ah yes an athlete who became rich and famous thus did not go through the same character development as the rest of us
everything involving item handling is really very poorly designed in this game .
i 'm wondering if they even have any ui or usability persons hired .
the action hall ui and design looks and handles like something made by a rookie dev .
item searching seems to only work in item name and not stays .
poe stashing with folders and affinity is one way to go about it .
all the stuff we getting in england is way undersosed prodes .
bro these guys can never persuade me they can have statistics they can prepare more data than nasa but if i 'm saying my boys gon na win or that they 're stronger it 's probably the truth atp .
the life insurance implications get a little fuzzy and gray for me and require more thought that i 'm willing to put in right now .
i know people who truly think empathy is a weakness and teach their kids to think only of themselves as a survival skill .
they do n't realize what a good trait it is and the work needed to cultivate it .
3 for max level and 7 for the core 7 .
i was more understanding while she was in school and training because she does n't have much say then but now that she 's in the real world things have n't gotten much better .
you did n't mention your wife 's specialty so it 's tricky to talk in generalities .
if so yeah scaling back switching to shift based urgent care or something else may be viable .
did you have any conversations about her long term career plans during medschool and what working life may look like ?
i 'm curious if others have been in a similar situation and whether they were able to work though it .
it reached the point i literally told her i feel like i 'm living alone here . ''
that was the wake up call she needed to re-arrange some of her priorities and focus on us more .
couples therapy was useful to us for that and several other issues .
it sounds like you and she have mismatched expectations for your life and interactions right now .
if that does n't change by one or both of you changing either behaviors or expectations i worry for the future of your marriage .
individual therapy can also be hugely helpful to address the general feelings of isolation and negativity .
i 'll be honest this is a red flag for me .
please be mindful of the messages you consume and communities you join .
within the last 10 years https www.theglobeandmail.com/life/cuck-a-modern-swear-word-thats-as-dirty-as-the-old-ones/article33876354 that old term has largely https onditmagazine.medium.com/etymology-lesson-what-is-a-cuck-and-where-did-the-word-come-from-782c37a5609c been coopted by communities https www.gq.com/story/why-angry-white-men-love-calling-people-cucks with generally maladaptive coping mechanisms and unhealthy relationships with women https journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/1077801221996453 .
i worry that trying to do challenging work for the future of your marriage and building a strong foundation based on love respect and compromise will be undermined by the mindset those messages communities push .
yeah the actors definitely made it feel fresh and it did n't ruin the movie for me or anything .
it means air is basically dead nd you can freely farm a2g in your zerg because dare any a2a esf trying to dive onto you .
he 's so obviously a crypto fascist it is n't even up for debate anymore to me .
it 's for everyone who can get a spot .
in my city only 25 of spots are licensed .
so less than 25 of kids 5 and under will see any savings
i imagine that turned into a meal for some of the other fish !
the thing is ... y'all either forgive him or y'all do n't .
if you 're still mad over the mistake he made y'all can be mad .
you do n't get to invite him back ask him to perform but then snub him ?
you 're saying that an unborn child has no agency .
that 's a similar claim that plantation owners made about their slaves .
if an unborn child has no agency you need to explain why you think that is .
if you do n't think an unborn child has agency then what about a 1 year old ?
welcome and please flair your post if not currently flaired .
first read the mistake or pregnancy risk sticky https www.reddit.com/r/birthcontrol/comments/4iqgi7/mistake_or_pregnancy_concernrisk_start_here or the consolidated experience post https www.reddit.com/r/birthcontrol/comments/qt9ttb/consolidated_rbirthcontrol_experience_links .
if this is an experience post please consider adding it to the list
the rules and additional resources can be found on the about sidepage desktop users look to the right and reddit app up top .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/birthcontrol if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm 39 and have been in abdl chats and forums since i was 14 and this has always been a common issue .
honestly i think it 's because lots of guys in the kink community have no sense of decency or tact and get pushy and creepy .
then the onset of the incel '' culture did n't help things especially in the kink communities .
i think there 's more girls than we realize they 're just hiding .
rx 580 performs significantly better than the gtx 1060 in newer titles especially in dx12 and vulkan .
async compute is a big advantage as well as better driver support .
nvidia just does n't care about their older cards and refuse to implement features that are fully compatible with their older architectures
and you want to use 50 iron ore worth 25 gold to get one fae iron worth not even 2 why exactly ?
spacetime aside from the known time dilations that you have based around distance between two objects is far more linear especially with 40k tech
especially if they can plan for it then you minimise casualties and problems then have you tried turning it on and off again ''
we are a single lifeform made up of eukaryotic cells that that function as a single unit and we house countless prokaryotic lifeform
gender dysphoria is what it has to say for you to get treatment anyway .
my husband 's doctor wrote his prescription for t for testosterone insufficiency '' as the dx code .
he 's afab so they would n't cover it but they would for amab .
if it said gender dysphoria '' instead they would have covered it
i got it yesterday and went 7-0 in my first 3 games before i finally died due friendly fire .
i 'm surprised how and why that is even made .
i do understand it supports the moral but still .
time and resources to create it in the times of despiration .
but i guess the time of despiration has passed to the other side by now .
my friend owns a family pizza shop and would probably share the good and bad about it in a way that would kinda boost your learning curve .
put the original grill back in and that 's a beautiful truck .
scottsdale is meh but that 78 ford is a piece of absolute automotive history .
i have a 78 f100 explorer/ranger and a 78 f150 4x .
the true conservative goal is to shrink the welfare state .
unfortunately that policy is pretty unpopular and would never get a majority on its own and social issues are the only way that establishment republicans can get elected .
such a shame all these people had schools unexpectedly built near there homes .
cant have been there before they bought the house or else they would have to be total dumbasses who didnt realise that kids would need to pass their homes to get to those schools that were there before them .
na but it look sweet enough for my project though
tbh we were terrified if he said no we would not know how to make the movie .
and he did initially say no haha so it was panic time ...
otherwise i had good success with medcardsmadeeasy was like 50 104 to the state .
they start with the smallest and go up from there .
simply looking around for the sake of giving my eyes something to do .
agree that they are more expensive and unlikely to fit most standard bathroom dimensions but ... ..i want a longer one as it sucks to scrunch down with knees up in the air to get the whole body submerged !
someday when i build my dream home or buy it it will have a longer ture ! !
in primul rand nu ai optiunea sa investesti banii de la pilonul ii asa cum vrei tu asa ca degeaba zici ca in loc sa investesti acei bani in fondul de pensii ai putea sa-i bagi pe bursa .
in al doilea rand majoritatea investitiilor care se fac in cadul pilonului ii sunt in titluri de stat .
fiecare fond are cel putin 50 din active in titluri de stat pentru ca legea care reglementeaza aceste fonduri ii obliga sa investeasca majoritatea banilor in titluri de stat .
am verificat pe http statistici.insse.ro/shop ? page=ipc1 lang=ro http statistici.insse.ro/shop ? page=ipca1 lang=ro cat a fost inflatia pe aceeasi perioada pentru care am calculat randamentul fondului de pensii si se pare ca ipc e 170,03 .
din asta reiese ca pentru a tine pasul cu inflatia valoarea unei unitati de fond ar trebui sa fi fost cel putin 17 lei in mai 2022 .
in ceea ce priveste randamentul mai slab al unora dintre administratori fiecare persoana are dreptul de a schimba administratorul o data la 2 ani fara a pierde din banii deja acumulati .
acum ca unii sunt fraieri si nu trec la metropolitan life nn sau aripi asta e partea a doua .
sunt de acord ca daca am avea controlul asupra banilor ce se duc la pensie pilon i si pilon ii am putea obtine niste randamente mai bune .
din pacate asta e o fantezie in momentul de fata .
nu exista sustinere politica pentru o trecere catre un sistem de pensii care se bazeaza pe abilitatea fiecarei persoane de a-si gestiona economiile de-a lungul vietii .
as my husband used to say now there 's some porn i would n't like to see '' 😖
wonder why the winter court fey were out and about before beltane and offer mead oat cakes and hot cider
i agree with him that trans women have by and large lived a different experience than cis women and therefore maybe should n't always be treated the same not better/worse trans women are women which is most of what he was going for when he said he was team terf .
which is unfortunate because being a terf comes with a whole host of less defensible implications that i do n't think dave really understood .
why does the government allow china to buy up mines in canada ?
yeah it was definitely a case of lazy writing .
they wanted you to think he was a victim as you say but did n't want to write a complex way for that to make sense .
i mean if they 're gon na merge it with one of the other options why not prefer not to say '' ?
i feel that 'd make far more sense although of course just displaying it would make even more .
they went to alaska and got themselves a cabin and lived there happily ever after so wdym s4 wdym wdym wdym
however he 's got several thousand hours in the game and is far more experienced with every single killer and survivor than 99 of the community here .
after seeing bad take after bad take hearing about nurse is n't overpowered facecamping is fine this game is super killer/survivor sided and the constant begging for nerfing on some niche fucking play style because it stomped someone once i 'm way more inclined to listen to otz as opposed to some idiot on reddit .
there are a good bit of shitty ones though .
it looks like the design changed if you compare the engines of the iae trailer and the leak .
so people might be disappointed that the cutter does not look like the leaked image .
apparently they have sbmm in this game mode but i 'm having a terrible experience .
i was last checkpoint div 1 rivals before the reset .
yet i am losing about 4 of every 5 games .
the standard to me feels like high elite or when i face a pro in champs .
clearly not playing people that are a similar level to me .
jail is where they are with a phone trying to get itunes cards so they can add to their own books or just keep it in there for when they get out lol they are making more then most working now
you do n't even have the will to not nut in one month lol how the fuck you gon na do 1000 pushups
i 'm not ready to be 30 in 12 years .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
was just thinking that the front frame tends to be mostly crumple zone now on modern vehicles .
my issue is my feet do n't reach the ground when i 'm sitting on normal chairs the most comfortable place to sit is cars because my feet reach and how they are designed to be adjusted .
maybe i need one of those car desks and start working from there .
damn body of a porn star right here ... gorgeous little ting
that 's her call and the guy seems happy enough with the physical side of their current state .
it 's her body after all plus our friend seems to have entered the relationship aware of the state of play .
have n't seen any other places that accept it yet .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i did n't claim that they were mannish though i said that i did n't know the correalation as to why this happened .
sorry that if it came off that way i just met way too many guys into femboys and asian women but maybe its because i hang out in weird places outside of boredom i was genuinely curious as to why this was a thing '' in my experience .
my posts on pill subs are n't serious either i use reddit to mess around and troll tbh
sure good on you for playing like that i guess but playing counter with 3-4 passes to be in your box is efficient i guess is n't it
no it 's not actually counted as part of their gpa .
the closest it gets to that is byu asks for your grades from these classes as well your school grades but byu is a religious university owned by the same church .
in view that the bbc 's news output seems to be perpetually gloomy about everything at the moment at least the weather forecast puts a smile on the old boat race.☀️
if you said your whole bit and ended with guess who 's nose ?
ngl besides ranveer antics with other stars in other industries and him collecting all these awards i dont remember anything else about him this year
pak needs to get rid off defensive players like babar and rizwan from this format and they have a very aggressive t20 side
okay m8 you realise there were 2 people in the octagon ?
when was the last time izzy brought it '' oh yeah when the other person was in his face .
kurt was away a week so she said he was away 2 weeks .
malakai was a week late so she says he was 2 weeks late .
she sure knows how to dramatise things but does n't forget when you post every part of your life people notice when you lie about it .
i 'm not sure if i 'd say poe and finn are overrated .
from what i 've seen most of the time it 's people being upset at disney for how they could 've so much more for those characters .
good one bud did you come with that all on your own ?
he said with the post showing a flag with the black sun and a ss division rune .
all this does is give ammo to russian propagandists .
these dudes are obviously not nazis but certain elements of ukrainian army does have a problem with symbols like that .
i face a situation where i have to install a proprietary java as far as i can tell software in an ubuntu container as a kind of low-resource server .
it runs very well from my tests so far and since i of course map all db files created by the proprietary software to a persistent volume i can just reinstall it and restore the config from a backup from the persistent volume ... it would 've simply been nice if i could upgrade the container in this case ubuntu say from 20.04 to 22.04 and seamlessly keep the software installed in place without further re-installation .
watching this on repeat ... ..the way your arse bounces is driving me wild .
where i live they recently installed electronic displays with arrival times .
is there any evidence this was actually romantic or sexual in nature yea it 's really enthusiastic and yea historical erasure is a real issue but i 've seen this a few times and have n't been able to find any evidence one way or the other .
she 's girl 's gimp and that 's exactly where she wants to be .
she put herself in that situation everyone around her likely told her it was a bad idea and she did it anyway .
some people just love surrendering all their responsibility to someone else .
and even if she did she 'd just find another psycho .
i just like to watch the world burn do n't what get involved in it .
company is n't gon na eat the cost of all the extra parts they send out ... they 'll just pass along that cost to the rest of us as higher prices etc .
lesson learned if you kiss a furry you are going to wither away and then get burned
we told her to stop gumming her food otherwise slouchy grandma-face syndrome develops .
it will never happen you guys that are saying that you will leave will just come back .
for example is an astronomer a mathematician or an entomologist curious about the properties of isopropyltrimethylmethane ?
i think that is true but i also think the biggest impact this will have will be on future generations .
i 'm not as excited for gen 3 as i was for gen 2 that 's for sure .
but there 's only ever going to be one gen 1 .
it makes these early avatars rarer and rarity is the holy grail for collectors i think !
i hope you 're wrong about all 2022 mashing into gen 1 but it could happen that way .
stuff like maxim or ostwind suppression you definitely notice .
stuff like 3 ra or 5 reload time are barely noticeable you would probably only see it if you 're a pro player .
even if i found the number it would n't tell you much without knowing how many drawers there are etc .
there 's a lot and somehow my wife filled them .
also note i did n't start feeling prodom until i got a bad batch of dabs very harsh and bad tasting
absolutely if i had the chance to clear my own debts in 2 months .
i 'd take it bit of suffering but a massive relief in the long run
yeah i 'm really looking forward to that day .
i keep hearing autistic people have a different way of talking but i have n't met many of them in my life only one or two i think ? .
i wonder if i sound autistic to people who are n't .
i was proclaimed to be highly gifted by an official iq test so if giftedness and autism happen to have similar symptoms '' i could see how they 'd perceive me as such .
thats not true at all that most men dont care about whomst .
any ability to fade or draw would be lost on anyone except for the elite c 's or tc 's .
would n't worry about that if i were you as well .
the ability to draw or fade is a common practice for many holes especially where a straight shot limits your ability to use your driver .
as i mentioned in a another comment made legend that day and i do not sandbag .
there are plenty of sandbagging level 90-100 plus that are using drivers and clubs at that level specifically to have an advantage off the tee .
she will be loved is a banger i actually really like some of maroon 5 older stuff
the hamster would end up sleeping in one of my guitars .
hot take touching a stove on its max setting is less bad than touching lava but you should n't do either .
people are trying to help you make a tanky build and you are ignoring them .
there are literally so many tanky builds in this game but you have made up your mind and are burying your head in the sand .
i was interning at an indian member firm of an international consulting firm for 3 months .
the hrs are weird and lack competent skills and i have n't yet received my completion certificate yet .
since i have already completed college i volunteered to work for another week to complete a project i was working on .
during the entirety of the internship i was on my own .
nobody even taught me anything or had any discussions with me regarding work .
i was offered a verbal contract to extend my contract till march to which i replied positively .
so technically i am not an employee at the moment .
yet the senior folks here are giving me small tasks to complete .
i do n't want to work without pay but i do n't want to ruin my work relationship with any of them since i 'll have to tolerate them for 4 more months if i get the contract .
i got my copper iud removed in may after having it for 6 months .
so it 's been out for about 6 months now and my flow is still super heavy i 'm soaking through a pad in an hour or two and i 'm literally peeing blood when i 'm on the toilet .
before i had my iud i had a super light flow of 2/3 days with very little bleeding .
now it 's 4/5 days i 'm having back aches and i have to keep changing my pads .
why does it take so long for my period to go back to normal ?
my iron levels are already extremely low and i ca n't change that if i keep losing this much blood every month .
i am seeking srs and i 'm considering paying for it because the waiting list on my national health system is exhausting .
being from europe i 'm considering spain as a possible destination and i 've found out about this clinic and its surgeon dr. ivan mañero .
anyone able to describe their overall experience with them ?
a lot of people were disappointed with the season 2 mission briefing which was understandable .
while i 'm hyped for nu and the new map there were n't a lot of other things to look forward to like some sorely needed balancing updates .
with that being said and this might be the biggest cope of my life they can still add more content in the middle of the season .
if bandai plans on being consistent with their season timings it would mean that season 2 would last for 2 months similar to season 1 cmiiw .
they also said in the adjustments patch notes that they plan on releasing changes on a monthly basis .
that means there is a possibility of some kind of midseason update that while not being that big could still add more content to the game .
i know a lot of people want more out of this game me included i have an evo youtube channel after all but evo is as of this moment a 2 month old game ? .
it 's obvious that bandai does n't want this game to die but these things take time .
but no really i am quite thankful for the support and it has lightened my mind considerably .
i will reply to everyone in due time thanks again you have no idea how much better you made me feel .
this happened last monday so thats more than a week .
im turning 20 in 4 months and yes i live with with my 'helicopter ' parents .
this is a proper rant i just wan na tell someone the whole story and get it off my chest and forget it .
last monday they went thru my phone thats a different story and long story short they did not take it well .
they found out that i had a secret instagram account that i swore freely spoke about tabboo topics like sex and sexuality i took slutty selfies i told my friends about my family shit talked abut my parents had a boyfriend we flirted and sexted and sent each other pictures and etc etc .
apart from being upset and angry at all the boyfriend swearing and sex things they are most upset about the fact that i used to rant about them to a couple of my close friends .
about how they were strict and controlling to me since my childhood about our constant arguments i have called my mom a bitch a few times too .
my friends would reply to me with yeah thats right your parents seem abusive '' and i would end it with in 2 years when i will leave this house for job/higher education i will be free and independent '' and the conversation would end .
my parents have gone thru weeks worth of chats thru all of my contacts .
my mother was obsessed she went thru my phone everyday and uncovered new information about me every day .
she not only went thru my instagram my stories my posts my texts but also thru my saved my liked posts my deleted stories my recycle bin she even went thru my friends accounts and stalked them too .
my dad went thru my gmail accounts google chat google photos saw the websites i had registered on went thru my history my emails my drafts bin everything .
i handled the situation quite calmly last week bearing all of the insults and slaps coming my way but you can only be slut shamed so many times by your own parents right ?
i get angry now too but i manage to keep it in for the most part i have lost it only 2 times one on last friday when i realized that my parents were still going thru my phone and begged them to stop and last night .
last night as i was going to bed i realized that my teddy bear was missing .
its a big 4 foot one i have had it since i was 9 .
my parents said they threw it away and thats when i started crying .
afterwards they told me that they threw him away because they read me telling someone that sometimes i imagine that teddybear is a person and i cuddle him and fall asleep that way .
last night i realized that by going thru my phone my parents got to know the real me they got to know my deepest thoughts .
they even know my sexual fantasies but they do not know what my favorite colour is .
i feel insanely disrespected i hate being vulnerable like this and especially to my parents .
they should not have read sexual chats they had no right reading private conversations i do not want them to know whats going on in my mind .
and apart from tearing apart my privacy they also invaded the privacy of my friends .
my parents are mostly going thru the shock that i turned out to be the type of person they would tell me to stay away from .
okay i swear i read erotica i use social media a lot like to do stupid things and i want to do teenager things like have sleepovers and roam the city at night but i dont drink smoke and i have never had sex but my parents assumed that i had .
they were threatening to take me to a gyno to check because all that matters to them is that their daughter should remain pure and clean .
my mom tells me if i liked sex that much then she would get me married immediately so that i can finally indulge in my hobbies .
she said we can do anything we want to you youre our daughter '' like she owned me .
my mother is depressed she cries all the time these days because i called her names and disrespected her and shamed the family by my actions .
my dad tells me to help my mom in chores and i do sincerely but my mom just ignores me and throws snide remarks at me .
i cant even stand to be in the same room as her these days because i know there is a but we are the strictest parents in the world arent we ? ''
my parents said to me if you thought us before were controlling then see what we do now '' .
i have been grounded ofc zero access to the phone although i do have laptop access because i need it for work .
my father picks me up and drops me to college everyday .
i am not allowed to go out except for college .
my father says to me that he is not seeing me repent .
that he doesnt think i think i did wrong and i am guilty and that i feel bad .
and he says he will ground me until he sees progress .
i think to myself i will be grounded for god knows how long maybe a month 2 months 3 months .
some time in the future they will think okay maybe she is improving '' and give me my phone back with restrictions ofc .
maybe by next year things will be normal again .
but no i dont think things will ever be normal again .
my parents literally know my sexual fantasies they know what goes on in my mind i will never be the same again to them .
i knew my parents had no respect for my privacy but i never thought they would go to such an extent and read my sexual texts and read weeks and weeks of texts with all of my friends .
they literally replied back to people pretending to be me they video called my now ex bf in order to idkwhat catch him i suppose .
they should have stopped going thru my phone on the first day only and they could have assumed whatever they wanted to assume .
they did not stop even at the sexual parts .
i was not okay being sexually vulnerable but then i thought i found a person whom i could be comfortable with .
i have a high sex drive and get aroused quickly .
i enjoy masturbation and i enjoyed sexting with him .
if i was him i would have been so mad .
my friends arent angry at me either i dont deserve any of them .
my 2nd secret instagram account was an escape i could be myself on it take random seflies post without thinking 10 times i could talk to people freely i could express my emotions to a few people that were close with me .
even after 1-2 years when things will go back to 'normal ' me and my parents will never be the same again .
just how they tell me that i disrespected and shamed them didnt they disrespect me too ? .
i have a mind of my own and i am my own person and not their shadow .
i feel so blank right now i have been feeling so blank since the last week .
the days have been passing by so quickly i block most of them .
i broke up with my boyfriend and i feel nothing .
it was hard to maintain a 'nothing is wrong ' attitude in college but i mastered it .
but i cant laugh at jokes easily i flinch when someone swears around me i have this dread of being caught .
i have found a way to keep contact with my friends thru the internet without my parents knowing for now .
i take so many precautions i cant afford to get caught again .
i am set to max it out as i chose that option when enrolling .
so my question is is there a specific way that i should be investing these funds ?
should i mimic the mutual funds i use for my 401k ?
if i did mimic my 401k the selection is the same more or less currently do a 70-30 split between s p500 and international
the black friday prices just went live is live .
google is very excited about black friday each year as such it 's giving us pre-black friday deals .
over the google store online they are having the pixel 7 will be 100 off at 499 the pixel 7 pro will be 150 off at 749 .
the cheapest phone you can get from google on black friday remains the pixel 6a which will go down to 299 from its usual price of 449 .
the trade-in values for some phones have been almost the same with the pre-order trade-in deals on best-buy .
for example google pixel 7 128gb for 480 at bestbuy during preorder and 479 at google now .
some might think the buyers missed out the 200 dollars gift card either in bestbuy or amazon .
as a pixel expert refer a friend and you 'll both get a 100 google store credit when they buy a new pixel with the code below .
if we do some calculation and comparison here this deal can be close to the pre-order deals and for some this could be better
he loves to say hi and hi-ya to people and if you do n't say it back he will keep doing .
me and my husband are trying to get a bigger car for our growing family also have a 3m .
the sales man brings the car around in in the front seat with the salesman .
my husband 2yo and 3m are sitting in the back .
he 's telling us about the specks of the car .
my 2yo the entire time is climbing to the front waving his hand in the guys face saying so sweetly hi-ya .
me and my husband are obviously trying to stop our toddler because it 's not appropriate but at the same time i 'm internally pissing myself
current medications are lamotrogine cymbalta clonidine vyvanse and depo-provera for heavy menstrual cycles
health issues are fibromyalgia chronic pain and asthma as well as a few mental illnesses .
i have an infection that was suspected to be a uti .
i have no symptoms but do have 18,000 wbc in my urine and 1.004 specific gravity .
i got my urine culture back and it does n't have that red exclamation point where it indicates abnormal results .
i 'm not sure if it 's right or not though ?
value 10,000 to 100,000 ml of growth suggestive of normal urogenital flora or fecal contamination .
um does this mean i have a uti or it 's unknown since it mentioned repeating the test ?
super embarassing because i 'm very very hygienic in general and especially down there do n't use summer 's eve or those things marketed towards women that actually mess up the ph balance of the vagina ...
i 'm also not sexually active due to personal reasons .
i mean i 've had white bloody bowel movements only diarrhea for months never a normal stool so i guess the possibility of contamination is possible ?
but like i said i really clean down there especially after a bowel movement .
this is so awkward and i 'm not sure when my dr will call me back so i figured i 'd ask here if it 's a normal result or not .
so i 'm new to ue5 and really need some help getting this blueprint to work basically i need to be able to sweep an object along a spline curving the object but i need to be able to put an offset if needed for barriers and other things etc .
i need to code a dropdown menu like the one on the image bellow .
when the user clicks on the menu button '' the dropdown menu '' needs to popup .
i also need it to be fully customizable in terms of layout .
and it needs to close when the user clicks outside .
i 've found many solutions but i could n't make any of them work .
also i could n't customize the layout of the menu on angular material lib .
does anyone know how can i make this menu work ?
i work in the nhs in the uk and i have been in the job for a year .
during this time i have been off sick with various conditions and have doctors notes for most of them .
it was things like having my appendix out and having job related back issues and even having a mri scan on my head for the constant migraines i have they cause sight loss and light sensitivity .
i have just hit the stage 2 in regards to sickness as i have taken so much time off work .
this means if i take one more day off i 'll get a stage 3 written warning or dismissal .
i have appealed the situation but i 'm not holding my breath .
i ca n't help being off sick i 'm trying to find another job but it 's hard .
i 'm playing dmz mode with my friend and we 've noticed that he has contraband max stash size 10 while i have max size of 20 contraband guns stashed .
i was searching around but could n't find what could be the cause of this difference .
we 've done the same quests as far as i know .
more on side fun lang ang gusto pero pwedeng magpa-fuck basta marunong ka mag-foreplay
over the years the demand for leather jackets in general has grown tremendously .
but nothing beats the popularity and styles of leather aviator jackets for men .
men 's leather aviator jackets or aviator leather jackets are not just any outerwear they are a style statement .
they have an amazingly growing demand for their attractive style and extreme functionality .
they are the best combination of classic vintage style with the perfect touch of modern fashion .
here 's how you can create the perfect outfits all year round .
it 's been a few years but i miss playing this awesome game with friends .
does anyone on playstation wan na start up a world with me ?
we 've had some 2 for 1 and £3 deals lately although the last few have n't been anything to get excited over .
you can get asos 10 off student discount https tiny.one/3n9jn4vy by clicking the link .
on that page there are current promo codes coupons or deals etc .
just as the title suggests this is a rare book about columbine that has been long out of print .
the only copy i 've ever seen on the used market is going for 595 ... while the book was a good read that price is beyond overblown .
you can get keen free shipping promo https tiny.one/2j2psuhu by clicking the link .
on that page there are current promo codes coupons or deals etc .
first batch are on the 2nd pic which sort of exploded did n't flatten the dough enough before cutting and filling .
better batch are butter cooked chicken chillies lemon and herb sauce red pepper and chives .
if there is anyone out there with a big cock please let me know because i really want to deepthroat it .
i 'm looking for a really long one more than 8 inches and thick !
i want it so thick that it barely fits in my mouth 😊 like a monster cock .
help me get rid of this urge for huge cock please .
i 'm black average body type around 5'11 '' 195 lbs drug and disease free expect you to be as well covid free and vaccinated and also monkeypox free .
if you 're interested then send me a dick pic and i 'll let you know if i 'm interested in what you 're working with !
my michael 's candle was n't pooling well and i had a few kohls candles with no throw .
i froze the kohls candle removed the wax and saved the wicks melted the michael 's candle and poured into the 3 wick .
could i have just bought wicks and used an empty jar ?
today 's lost and found drop was horrible then the panda dunks got rescheduled ... twice .
everything is new though so i suppose it 's nothing new thatit 's new .
it 's a nice autumn morning rainis gently falling down onto window of our humble abode nowadays called apartment '' .
i am smiling while iam writing this and it was a while since that happened so naturally .
i am looking at you sleep or i was at least just a second ago before i turned to the window again .
the hell you the hunt ... it all was over now .
i do n't exactly think my form in this plane is especially humiliating as my brothers would say after all it 's modeled after you .
lean but sculptured strong and alluring at the same time the only things in my natural look making me look different than you being dark red skin ebony hair and a pair of small ram-like horns on my forehead .
well black yellow eyes count as well not that it matters black glasses and ilusion is a thing .
my hand is stopped as a big leather-clad book with copper hinges like teeth falling from my hands same as a black quill formerly a tool of cyrographs both laying on the floor as i feel your hand on my shoulder .
both turn into grey fleeting smoke as if they were never there apart from a faint smell of sulfur .
your other arm hangs itself on my other shoulder as your head gets next to mine our cheeks vaguely touching .
you ask in a tired voice before letting out a mighty yawn hugging deeper into my body .
it 's warmer than human ones of course so using me as a moving heater is n't a foreign concept .
nothing to worry your handsome head about '' i answer with a giggle turning around and grinning my sharp teeth on display .
we stayed up so late last night '' i smile widely breathing out air as i turn around my eyes shining as i use my magic my body growing changing .
my muscles bulge out getting more prominent my shoulders wider chin going slightly forward the boxers only thing i was sleeping in getting a bit tighter .
i look down at you your face on the level of my chest .
i open my mouth to say something cheesy but innately dominant and teasing but suddenly i gasp my eyes going wide .
i suddenly shrink more and more all the muscles and figure evaporating as i am softening my hair growing my disconnected uppercut turning into silky shoulderlength hair falling onto my face and neck barely showing my eyes .
your hand is in the back giving me a nice big wedgie my confidence cut down to size with a single move as i go from a bodybuilder top to a bottom in one move .
... not fucking fair ... . '' i mumble with a pout .
as you can guess from the very overlengthened intro to this prompt it 's kind of a labor of love .
basically i put all the inspiration i had laying on hand into that post trying to make a detailed immersive intro into lives of our characters .
of course the descriptions i used can change based on the player i wo n't force you to play a twink fitness enthusiast but it 's what i had in mind .
however i wish for my demon character milipheios mili for short to stay as a shapeshifter and i 'll fight for the rule that his emotional state will makean impact on the changes like i established in my intro .
it 's going to be pretty much slice of life roleplay with adventure/mystery elements but for request i can add drama action and more !
i think it 's obvious that romance and smut will be a part of it too right ?
i prefer 50/50 ratio especially with mixing smut into comedy and other elements no clear barriers.if you wan na be randomly lewd go for it !
as for relationship between our characters i 'd prefer for switching .
i wo n't oblige to being a full bottom being more powerful but submissive is great but i wo n't top full time sorry guys .
this is my full kink list https www.f-list.net/c/prince 20sammy .none of my kinks is mandatory or needed the only thing that are unchanging are my no '' s .
for a few i really wan na do/would absolutely simp for are
teasing and prodding basically us going back and forth not innately getting malicious or lewd just two lovers making remarks to one another playfully dancing on the line of what should and should n't be said .
touching pressing rubbing nibbling all done both in public andwhen we are alone serving both as possible foreplay and pure fun .
toys andsexual magic usages magic onaholes masks phantom-cocks bets curses blessings anything that can be lewd materialized with usage of my magic powers .
sky is the limit here same goes for transformations .
bet in which i get changed into femboy bimbo if i lose or one in which you turn free-use forme if i win all is applicable !
soft sexual bullying now that sounds weird but i love prodding taken to another level especially with strength/power displays .
being possessive aggressively protective and patronizing while also relentlessly teasing and maybe even humiliating is exhilaratingfor me both ways
as said no kink is a must but those three are very close to my heart .
i mean pure romance aspect also is but it 's more of an obvious theme rather than a kink .
finishing this overly long post please be detailed and descriptive .
do n't try to be a shakespeare but try to get some writer steam into your message .
i accept both pms and chats prefer the former though .
respect my limits have fun with my kinks refrain from kinkshaming and you 'll get far with me if you messaged before but for whatever reason we stopped but you like this post do n't beafraid to message again .
hope i interested one or two of you hope to hear a response !
need a good little slut to put to use rn .
smooth and bubble butts to the front of the line .
hmu my snap is n_o7851 and kik is justanothermastertho .
novice track rider here who 's basically absorbing as much info and perspective as possible in anticipation of my second season on tracks next year .
really enjoy the life at lean youtube channel but it has n't been updated in like 2yrs .
anybody know why or what happened to the guy ?
also recommendations for similar youtube channels that focus on track fundamentals and advice and so forth ?
im new to pygame and i dont know how to make chunk gerating in pygame based on a list
'0 ' '0 ' '0 ' '1 ' an structure
you go back until you eventually hatch out of the egg .
ich habe es am 5.11 angestoßen am 8.11 wurde es bestätigt mit 5-10 '' werktagen .
i thought it was obvious that he 's talking about rappers who are n't always even black .
its kind of a stretch to assume that he was talking about the color of their skin and not the music they are actually putting out .
i 've been called a racist simply for disagreeing with kanye fans who put that dude on a pedestal .
it 's nearly impossible to criticize rap without being labeled a racist .
i think you 're watering down the meaning of racism by labeling everyone who disagrees with you a racist .
they also asked about the paige thing and ekin said she was n't commenting on it
veganism is a set of ethical values based on freedom from exploitation for all living creatures humans included .
that is why veganism is often intertwined with anti-consumerism and environmental causes .
patty loves buying dumbass knick knacks constructructed by child slaves .
she does n't actually care about animals or humans or the planet .
just like every other time she tried to take over an identity or set of beliefs race gender religion lifestyle skinwalking as a celebrity it is incredibly insulting to the people who actually live their life that way .
how can she continue to pretend she has faith when it seems obvious she has no set of core beliefs and no true identity ?
for weddings i have been in bachelor party chats and groomsmen chats .
i 've also been in mixed-gender group chats for d d games .
it sounds kinda nice as would a non-separated group chat but it 's not something i 'm going to start .
sometimes it 's just all you can do is laugh .
you story made me laugh in a dark kind of way you 're funny
embassy will never accept anything until and unless nvc approves and makes the case documentarily qualified then the embassy steps in .
99.99 of expedited requests are deleted/denied and especially it being around holiday season .
dude i watch rogan when there are guests on that i am interested in .
you have no right to tell me what i can watch .
if you feel like he 's literally hitler then that 's on you .
go spin yourself into an angry grave in your little echo chamber .
you are a clown and not worth my time kid ''
also the houses might 've had candy on them ?
but maybe not so take this with a grain of salt .
it 's because it 's free money via accounting .
you pay yourself and it goes in the bin as cogs .
yes i agree with you on this one as these both things are literally interdependent and correlated .
each one of these things get any kind of hindrance due to any of other things than things will get messed up .
we do not allow grown men to wear graphic tees
i do n't have a means of steaming it so i 'm gon na try wetting it and clamping to the table over the long weekend
reminds me ... some months ago i had an avto and died during a fight .
enemy team picked it up and my team finishes them off .
i generally like rezzing people before looting and try to grab vulture since i know most people do n't wan na share ...
but yeah it is silly if it is n't their kill and they just take it
quick rules no unsolicited health or personal grooming advice sexual come-ons body shaming or any other incivility .
no pming our submitters and do not request more photos .
this is not a hookup sub and it 's not a place for our contributors to satisfy your sexual urge to see more of them .
quick submission rules flaccid and 100 soft only no clothing no sexual/flattering poses no monetized accounts onlyfans etc .
violations of these rules can result in your post being removed or a permanent account ban .
if you see comments in violation of these rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/normalnudes if you have any questions or concerns .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
i know it 's your money and your life and all but you do n't live in economic isolation .
maybe you 've triggered your monthly or daily limit .
deposit limits how do ggpoker 's deposit limits work ?
please note that your limits are tallied by rolling periods and will reset every 24 hours 7 days and 30 days from the time of the deposit made .
it 's crazy how many of the most upvoted comments and comments with award start with some variation of as a man ... .
but buffing all ffbe units means buffing all non-collab glex units which is way way better than buffing dark units .
by then global will release a ffbe glex leader that will put all jp leaders in the ground .
it 's hard to judge from pics but your skin looks cool leaning .
i would say you are a soft winter https www.prettyyourworld.com/the-toasted-soft-winter it 's a new '' season so not many people know about it and leave people who are this season very confuse since they do n't match the old traditional 12 seasons system .
as a stl native it would n't surprise me our western city is just as trashy
ja klar ein zig-faches an kosten und aufwand den die allgemeinheit tragen soll und zusätzlich auch noch mehr schaden der von den tieren während dem restlichen leben verursacht wird weil irgendwelche menschen an der realität vorbei leben .
be sure to link your fansly account in the comments and check out our partnered sites !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fanslycurvy if you have any questions or concerns .
right another fallacy of the good guy with a gun '' myth .
the police are gon na shoot everything and ask questions/cover it up later .
he will win all grammys next year and all oscars and amas and mamas
i understand that playing loud music is obnoxious and rude but trust me that 's how they have been doing things and if someone will let them know they ca n't they most probably wo n't .
problem is you can not expect everyone to know certain things lot of those kids are living on their own after a long time except friends they have no one here to guide them or assist them .
i understand that some are causing or have caused issues but when you say kids from india are just rude it does sound like you are talking about all kids from india cause in your post you never said some .
if i write canadians are confused about their identity just what it is how would that sound like ?
that pick at the end really won you the week
is this a joke how argentinians playing in brazil are never called up or what ?
do not ingest a plant based on information provided in this subreddit .
for your safety we recommend not ingesting any plant material just because you 've been advised here that it 's edible .
although there are many professionals helping with identification we are not always correct and eating/ingesting plants can be harmful or fatal if an incorrect id is made .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatsthisplant if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm 28f and if my dad lived close enough to be able to take me out to dinner every friday just us i 'd jump on that chance in a heartbeat .
i 've doubled up heavy painters tarp and they 've held up really well
are you sure your monitor is n't plugged in at the mainboard and you 're usingthe integrated graphics ?
i 'm seeing myself giving that lovely hairy pussy long deep strokes giving you mulitiple orgasms
i actually do n't know why i show up so irish i have english/irish/scottish/norwegian ancestry—my germanic disappears for illustrativedna .
i get saami on the ancient populations and believe this is accurate based on family history and because part of my family was from northern norway but i do n't know why i do n't get that as a modern equivalent and north/south american instead .
friend works writing the copy for amazon listings large companies contract his marketing company etc .
he 's in this shit every day and can talk for hours about how much of it is a game and a scam people pull every kind of sneaky trick just to get crap products higher on the listings with seo and never mind sponsorships ...
meanwhile the rest of the argentinians are talking racist shit about everyone else
i do n't think showing basic accountability for one 's mistakes counts as heroism .
anyway we 're not going to agree on this .
for us peeps who suck at the game this seems to rarely occur on normal difficulty
if his attitude was awful that would be the bigger issue for me .
i care more about how a man treats me than how big his member is .
even a small weiner can get the job done .
i thought they were definitely doing that double turn .
and i love it when you take it off .
just sayin if you are slavemaster you are horrible you treat them like zombies .
she is not your dr so her opinions are irrelevant and uneducated .
‘thanks mum i 'll stick to my dr and dieticians educated guidance . '
2,305 259 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yw3eke/fresh_video_gucci_mane_letter_to_takeoff 91 fresh video 93 gucci mane letter to takeoff https youtu.be/c2ysx4sv_ba
949 204 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yykxyx/fresh_video_lil_uzi_vert_just_wanna_rock 91 fresh video 93 lil uzi vert just wan na rock https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uhbixyxgsiu
515 86 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/ytubnx/fresh_video_black_star_so_be_it_live_snl 91 fresh video 93 black star so be it 40 live 41 snl https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rcijrpcpwdg
183 23 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/ywzrg8/fresh_video_westside_gunn_mac_dont_stop_nigo_louis 91 fresh video 93 westside gunn mac do n't stop nigo louis https youtu.be/ditmchas3hq
152 12 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yxkf22/fresh_video_korn_worst_is_on_its_way_health_remix 91 fresh video 93 korn worst is on its way 40 health remix 41 ft. danny brown amp meechy darko https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hbtyilavzj8
143 8 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/ytuiyo/fresh_video_black_star_the_main_thing_is_to_keep 91 fresh video 93 black star the main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing 40 live on snl 41 https youtu.be/uky8j8z0mlo
119 18 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/yzjwsc/fresh_video_jakey_drive_off_a_bridge 91 fresh video 93 jakey drive off a bridge https youtu.be/mdkg_af7xak
49 2 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/yy1rgf/fresh_video_quadeca_fractions_of_infinity_ft 91 fresh video 93 quadeca fractions of infinity 40 ft. sunday service choir 41 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=z6lqxiak-80
30 2 comments r/hiphopheads/comments/yyn2t7/fresh_video_marlowe_lorange_solemn_brigham_my 91 fresh video 93 marlowe 40 l'orange solemn brigham 41 my people https youtu.be/7qb6te4zh-i
gay op posting on r/greentext with no greentext whatsoever .
r/onlyfansbigbeauties is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbigbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
you have received the must use mm when trading '' flair as your account has less than 200 karma or is less than 30 days old .
this means that you have to use a middleman when you 're trading .
a middleman is a trusted moderator who will hold one of the items to make sure that no one gets scammed .
if you do n't know what a middleman is you can find more information about a middleman here https www.reddit.com/r/robloxcrosstrading/comments/wfm2z9/how_to_avoid_getting_scammed ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3 .
your flair will get removed once you fit the requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/robloxcrosstrading if you have any questions or concerns .
i made a big decision to skip sv this week and i think it paid off .
i got monster hunter stories 2 instead and have been enjoying that .
it just feels nice playing the game and getting my monster-catching fix without worrying about all the frustrations and disappointments people are dealing with with sv .
i am also feeling very thankful to leakers who like with swsh alerted us ahead of time to these issues so i could have time to mull my decision over .
i think that 's been good for my mental health !
a bit of a bummer that i do n't get to play the latest pokémon game but i know i would have been stressing about it .
i can just wait a few weeks for the game to be patched or skip it entirely if it is not patched .
instead of making myself suffer i 'm just gon na have fun with a different game that i 've been wanting to play for a couple of years !
i like all the dinosaurs in mhs2 it makes me happy .
another thing that made me happy recently was arlo 's pla review which finally came out .
he was gushing about pla and it reminded me of how great pla was !
pla made me positive and hopeful about pokémon for the first time in years .
i think skipping sv was a good decision because that way i can just hang on to those positive memories .
my wife and i randomly have gotten back into the pokémon tcg this week and that has brought back a lot of positive memories too .
i love the tcg it 's this great intoxicating mixture of strategy and randomness that leaves me always hoping for one more card each turn .
it can even be fun to lose ha ha .
and it helps me see certain pokémon like dedenne in another light which helps me appreciate them better !
i share all of that to say that if you love pokémon there are other ways to enjoy what you love about the franchise than to be bogged down playing or worrying about a subpar release .
we got pla this year and that 's all we really need so it 's fine to appreciate that and move on to other things that you enjoy !
would love to stretch every hole with my bottle sized dick
we get some intrigue with neon 's dad and the game master each with their own secrets to hide .
kurama-papa 's ties to the dgp is all but obvious so the main questions are how and why .
did they ever tell us what the kurama conglomerate does ?
the game master is kinda sus too given the fact that he 's in contact with the person who grows the jyamatos .
what 's the point of the dgp when it 's supposed job to save the world from jyamatos is self-perpetuated .
it also properly establishes the recurring theme of family/parents in geats with ace missing keiwa dead sister is a surrogate neon overbearing/toxic/distant .
the fever buckle is cool but if i find the cgi to be quite goofy .
i had the same issue with the tycoon ninja episode as well .
i suppose doing buke fu in an expensive looking set was n't really an option plus the suit actor is n't kiryu kazuma to be able to casually swing a motorbike around .
the old man was great i was crossing my fingers hoping he was n't a twist villain .
good thing toei is n't owned by disney eh ?
i hope he does n't die soon he 's got a lot of potential as a vessel for the other characters ' development .
buffa confronting the people trying to take down his rival before him is cute shows his sense of fair play .
we did briefly but he came here with 2 strikes i think he got caught with weed and got shipped out before he played in a game .
i was new to kpop and made my way from twice to itzy to stray kids to bts to txt to enhypen .
i found them during that collab event with txt .
especially since they are mostly in my age range 2002
your story https redd.it/z01b58 has been temporarily removed from r/nosleep due to the following issues detected in it
you have one or more paragraphs containing more than 350 words .
you can create paragraphs by pressing enter twice at the end of a line .
once you have fixed your formatting issues please click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnosleep subject=please+reapprove+submission message 5bmy+post 5d 28https 3a 2f 2fredd.it 2fz01b58 29+to 2fr 2fnosleep+was+removed+for+formatting+issues.+i+have+fixed+those+issues+and+am+now+requesting+re-approval. 0a 0a_note+to+moderation+team 3a+if+this+story+is+eligible+for+re-approval 2c+remember+to+remove+the+bot 27s+comment+from+it. 0a 0a to request reapproval .
the re-approval process is manual so please send only a single request .
multiple requests do not mean faster approval in fact they will clog the modqueue and result in re-approvals taking even more time .
i am a bot and this was automatically posted .
do not reply to me as messages will be ignored .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnosleep if you have any questions concerns or bugs to report.
i guess ... europe 's funding the war too eh ?
when certain people who claim they 're introverted to gain attention and possible hook ups .
as an actual introvert who is trying to break the iceberg i 'm trapped in by having conversations with new people i find it offensive that someone uses these tactics for those purposes and should go elsewhere and get the hook ups/attention or whatever .
so i want advice as to how do i keep trying to be less introverted without being played ?
‘straight turned gay ' is a post flair for pictures or videos with two or more people in them with 'straight ' boys fucking ass getting fucked or pegged or serving cock .
please report this post if it is incorrectly flaired .
if this post does not feature media with 2 or more people in it you may be banned for incorrect usage of flairs .
solo photos are only allowed on mondays and fridays !
users will be given the ‘straight turned gay ' or ‘turns straight boys gay ' user flair if they post this type of content .
our mission at r/straightturnedgay is to help 'straight ' guys turn into sexually healthy confident and self-accepting gay/bi men .
check out our rules m.reddit.com/r/straightturnedgay/about/rules and our 'healthy sexuality ' https www.reddit.com/r/straightturnedgay/comments/j5090t/find_healthy_sexuality_avoid_a_toxic_life post for info/resources on self-acceptance self-love and how to come out or share your attractions with those you love .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/straightturnedgay if you have any questions or concerns .
hi i just completed a trade that included these so i 'm only interested in the reindeer and alicorn .
is there something else you 're looking for for them ?
do n't drink too many or the front might fall off .
i could handle this for supers since they 're meant to be special and have a cooldown but for spammable ki blasts it 's fucking miserable cell level 3 went from trivially dodgeable to a massive pain to dodge far too excessive and his projectile was the only one that really needed hitbox adjustments .
i live in a non-muslim country and holy shit it 's sometimes depressing when i see a muslim couple .
he 's wearing t-shirts jeans shorts whatever-the-fuck is the weather appropriate clothing while she has to endure the headwrap and long skirt/dress .
imagine living in 21st century and having to abide dress codes thought up for completely different climate zone and which only survive due to religious laws .
they have to try to get rid of that crap they 're required to buy every month somehow .
it 's either that or let your kids deal with it when you pass and they have to go through your house and find endless supplies of leggings or smelly oils .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
unfortunately talking about politics or political figures is no longer allowed on this subreddit due to previous situations in which political posts/discussions went completely off the rails and became a mass of heated fighting and arguing about the right '' and the left '' .
we are not a political subreddit and thus these unnecessary arguments are not suitable nor appropriate for r/randomthoughts .
if you 'd like to continue this political discussion please go to r/politics or ask on r/findareddit for an appropriate community for your discussion .
this removal was done manually by the mod team and was not done in error if you 'd still like to appeal this removal please send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frandomthoughts
england has come the closest to drawing a penis inverted
switzerland has one of the highest gun ownership rates per capita in the world and yet there 's rarely any kind of gun violence turned on each other
so he would let a brutal autocracy host a sports event of that magnitude and promote that autocracy
okay so your post does n't really make sense because you say that if someone has a pet thats a obligate carnivore '' that does n't give them the right to feed them dead animals .
but if someone has a snake they need to do that .
i mean i agree pets like dogs and cats can be given a vegan diet but it just does n't work for all pets .
it really does n't even have to be the internet doing this to an individual either .
odd things become fetishes to the point where they can be seemingly innocent in popular media .
the willy wonka chocolate factory movie spawned a subgenre of the inflation fetish called blueberry inflation '' .
hell nintendo games quite casually have inflation macro weight gain and size difference themes .
what 's funny is that concerned parents '' seem to think lgbtq characters in video games is somehow sexual grooming and they then gloss over sometimes not-so subtle fetish content in the other media they and their kids consume .
because their concerns '' are transparently about an excuse to be bigoted not putting a clamp on grooming .
frankly this whole conversation would make for an interesting video essay if i had the guts to do it myself and if people stopped bitching about fatfurs for two seconds .
anyways the pyrocynical situation and its consequences have been a disaster for humanity .
that was my initial thought but since i 'm not needing the job i think it 's ok to invest a little time in to the process .
i mentioned in another comment that on my industry generally one interview is the standard so it wo n't be a huge chunk of time .
i fell down the stairs at 26 weeks we were totally fine .
my ob even said at 26 weeks baby is still small enough to be protected but if you are concerned i 'd go to l d and get checked out .
i did have braxton hicks and they checked me twice just to make sure i was n't dilating just to be safe .
my rule always is if you are concerned get checked out .
better to get checked then to sit in anxiety .
probably the type to criticize her breastfeeding or the way she changes the baby 's diaper .
akshually he had to fight genji and tracer too 🤓
ancora quanto dobbiamo aspettare per il grande ritorno del re di twitter ?
i 'm sure penta 's not trying to blow everyone up every time he drives over a motorcycle but its generally pretty hilarious when it does blow up .
would be hard to call it an accident knowing penta but ic i think calling it an accident is probably alright ?
idk its one of those player rather than character choices that instantly adds tension to a scene .
you need to talk to your fellow players and dm about basic strategy and basic character building .
the most likely explanation for why your characters keep consistently dying like that is either a sadistic or unexperienced dm or your table not working together as a team to support each other properly .
show me an engine in a car that overrevs at 3.000 rpm
so that 's the examination you need from an amtsarzt to get/convert your driving license..
there is n't a spanish soccer league for women in bitlife
people fly a week to czechia or such to have bigger work done and it 's still considerably cheaper .
if it 's easy for you to go in france that will certainly be cheaper .
i wonder how many braces and wisdom teeth appointments in france it takes before a kid understands that trip to france pain though .
the desolation and destruction are promised here only to the desolating and destroying powers .
the woe in jeremiah 23:1 is promised to those who destroy and scatter .
and the desolation in psalm 46:8 is promised as the cessation of war and the breaking of its implements—that is as the desolation of the desolators .
it 's like saying that the punishment of sin is the removal of sin .
i look back at it and i do n't even know how the fuck i do it ngl with you mate 💀
when remains of mongol empire basically gone a developing russia and china had race to claim all of siberia starting in peter the great times .
soviets and china even had a very short war over it 1969 .
compromise treaty developed but of course china still recalls all that it claims just like japan recalls it 's island claims .
so at some point china might be tempted to take all it 's original claims plus maybe some more .
countries never have liked each other much just work together when helpful against other foes .
your post was removed because the domain of your post links to an outside promotional website please post media to reddit directly and not from a third party such as youtube twitch or similar .
you may watermark direct reddit media but links to such media will be removed .
for more information please read our promotional guidelines in the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules .
please do not modmail us to approve the post as we do not make exceptions to this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
if tony had failed to divert that same missle and end the threat ... . it might have actually been the better choice
i took 2 months off from my job to try and recover .
when i came back and tried working my way back to how i was operating when i first started i crashed again .
taiwanese pro player 's paid are so low they usually does have a second job .
i find mine are an alarm for inflammation i battle .
the louder they are the stiffer and shittier i feel as well .
preface this may or may not be a verbatim actual email received from work
due to past events this week hr advises that email does not have the benefit of visual or nonverbal cues and often will be misinterpreted when least expected .
best practice is to stick to facts alone and remove any ambiguity .
be advised that after a first strike any failure to comply will terminate your employment with this company immediately .
sent from my iphone chillin in vanuatu with the boss on the annual company piss up ya got ta see how effed up davo got on the turps last night har har he 's rekt har har cyaa boyzzz
for the most part people have only the choice to vote against something than for something .
i think that contributes a lot to the failures of the liberal party in recent years .
our current system-the one cory gave us almost assured us that marcos2 would happen .
it 's failures gave the marcos 's more than enough ammunition to use against it and everyone else was just so sick of everything that they then had to grab on to the extreme opposite of the system
people are angry they feel oppressed they feel left out they feel hopeless and so much more and they are right .
without the ability to fundamentally change their circumstances they turn to people they think could no matter what that change would be .
i think marcos and duterte before him and erap before him was not an aberration but a predictable result from refusing to address certain issues for years and years .
the over-reliance on the fake news cambridge analytica machinery '' narrative is going to be a problem in the future because it prevents the opposition from ever making an honest accounting of themselves .
as long as you make sure your readers know you think they 're childish boring possibly incompetent and weird and throw in the fact that obvs no one could ever take an autistic adult seriously that 's what counts !
edit being facetious for the record i 'm talking about aita autism trolls .
wow my sisters boyfriend also got bell 's palsy in hawaii on vacation .
i never heard of it before then and told her i think it 's a stroke or seizure .
that 's a strange symptom i wonder when the first recorded diagnosis of that was in human history .
studying universality pretty in depth as well it 's not the collective but the absence .
it 's a constant pov of that absence so much so that it can become opposite of the original collective expectation .
it 's quite a conundrum when posing a finite result .
except that covid 19 2020 1 full year of a pandemic saw the exact same number of deaths as 2019 even a little less deaths considering the lockdowns hysteria .
however 2020 with no vaccine had less deaths according to cdc than 2021 and now 2022 both these years with a vaccine available had considerably more deaths than 2020 the hyped up year of lockdowns .
now taking that in perspective i 'd do away with the eua mrna anything because still we have not done safety trials yet .
or proper research yet we are pushing mrna cdna and many other genetic forms of dna programming or altering methods using crspr technology .
it 's the absence of something that makes the universal distinct .
just as the usa population is just 4 of the global population yet we have 18 of the total covid deaths and lead the world in covid deaths and cases .
which brings a red flag 🚩 the majority spiked up 2021-2022 of the amount of deaths compared to rest of the world .
also only countries with the vaccine mandatory during 2021 2022 that have the highest vax rate these countries also have the highest death rate over poorer countries that had lesser access to the vaccine .
which have no many percentage points less deaths and cases .
where on the pattern page does it say it 's made with a strand of mohair held together ?
i only see it saying that it 's made with gregoria fibers 'cloud ' which is a fuzzy light yarn saying lighter aran weight will work too and suggesting drops 'air ' as a substitute .
since most these things wont be added unless they do a gbo3 .
the easy way to say what the game needs for me is
2 copy paste the unit roster to the 3rd game
really gets old needing to re invite my friend every match i play ... ..
5 adjust some the of jank rebalance some of the stuns .
example after getting stunned at the point of the animation where you can boost .
you should instead just be able to walk ... . it feels really bad and makes stun locks even worse .
they can change the animation to reflect this if they need to .
as it stands now waiting to walk instead of boost makes a simple stun last 2-3 times as long ...
nothing feels worse than being stunned back to back by op units like rebawoo or 2 enemy teamates .
so add some kind of reduced stun effect for chain stuns .
i grew up and still live in poverty in the us i 'm getting an college education now but it honestly just seems like struggling the rest of my life is the future for me .
unfortunately my father passed a year ago and it 's me my mom and 4 other siblings all 12 younger i honestly do n't know what to do i 'm doing the best helped her out with bills while doing college full time but our situation just seems like it has no end especially with the recession we 're in .
it just seems like if you 're not rich in america you 're fucked
there was an egg in a pint downing competition .
their beats come through amazingly on a proper system .
and the performance itself whilst somewhat atypical was buoyed by insane levels of good will from the crowd .
i 've never been part of a crowd that was so happy .
from 3.3 leaks we will be able to name scara by manually typing it in .
and its permanent we cant change it after naming him so it makes this very important .
i have a lot of names in mind mostly japanese bc idk that seems to be how everyones naming him .
but none of them really expresses the meaning of happy living heart/heart blooming or something like that which i want so its hard to decide on one .
im chinese so i thought of a name in chinese which is 开心 or kaixin .
it means happy but if u read the words individually it means open '' and heart '' which can imply that i wish that he finds someone he can open his heart to after the betrayals he has faced .
so this was a very good name for me as it meant both happy '' and open heart '' but it sounds weird as a name in chinese so i tried for a japanese alternative but could only find kaishin but the kai here means sea instead of open so im not likely to use it .
another names ive been considering are kousei meaning light and living or asuka meaning smth like tomorrow '' and fly '' so basically like freedom and a new beginning .
but still these are in case i really cant find a better name .
does anyone have any name suggestions that is similar to what im looking for ?
hey friends i have heard that you can assemble a custom knife in a workshop at the geneva store .
dhp warrior noble in shining armor ablaze with jhāna http notesonthedhamma.blogspot.com/2022/11/dhp-warrior-noble-in-shining-armor.html
looking for a threesome who can satisfy our desire and fantasy .
tl dr — this post will discuss a problem i have and that my friend shinlya said i should address my lack of aggressiveness .
recently i played a game of viego where i think i was pretty decent i fixed my farm 7.5 cs/min my record as as a bronze iv player i fixed my lack of objectives and i gave some good ganks to my lane and ended up with a cool 9/0/3 but the heck is ... .
the problem is that i had a 700g bounty on my head which scared me as i did n't want feed any of the horrible champions i had to play against .
so i played safe farming constantly and being there for drakes .
then after the game i was kinda proud of me but my friend shinlya told me it was n't good as i did n't do much damage and did n't use my advantage .
when should i use my advantage how to consolidate it ?
i 'm ab to get diagnosed yay ! ! !
and may be able to go on meds sometime in the future if my ignorant mother does n't throw a fit and refuse .
struggling super bad with bingeing/binge-restricting/purging rn and wondering if there 's hope for me in the future 😢
so i 'm trying to find a laptop than can run ark atleast decently that wo n't atleast suffer or have any thermal issues or get fried within months of playing ark so i have found one that caught my attention it 's the acer nitro 5 which has
but for a extra 40 dollars i can add one more stick of ram if anyone can recommend a better option other than the acer nitro 5 for the same price or a little bit higher i would appreciate it
i do n't currently have any plans to unalive myself .
she 's 15 months old and ever since we moved in with her father i just feel like a complete failure as a mother .
we moved from a rural area to a major city and since then i feel like i ca n't take her places anymore because hiking trails and walking areas are not as readily accessible .
it takes 20 mins to try and get her ready .
it takes 20 mins to get to the location and then another 20 to get her set up changed give a snack etc etc as opposed to just walking out my door and going rucking in the woods with her .
it 's also almost always impossibly windy and rainy here so getting her outside is more of a hazard and risk to her than just leaving her indoors .
moving home is not an option and i ca n't go back .
every day i feel like i 'm failing her and in the advent of being cooped up indoors with her all the time and her going through the typical toddler stages of being restless i find myself becoming more temperamental and less patient with her which makes me feel even more like shit .
he is doing everything in his power to try and make both of us happy .
we own a home and a nice car we live in a safe neighborhood in the suburbs .
but i hate myself and i just do n't want to exist .
every day i feel like i 'm just in excruciating pain but i do n't say anything because how dare i complain ?
i ca n't find any research on it so my question is this where my daughter is so young how would my passing impact her ?
will she look for me for a bit and then forget i exist ?
she has an amazing family by blood and chosen extended family that will spoil her always on my behalf and make her feel so loved .
so if i were to do it would it be better to do it sooner rather than later when she would have formed memories of me and feel the loss more acutely ?
isolation is the gift all the others are a test of your endurance of how much you really want to do it .
and you 'll do it despite rejection and the worst odds and it will be better than anything else you can imagine charles bukowski
all of these channels are the means through which saturnian experience comes along with his favorite channel loneliness.
bukowski 's writing is n't for everyone but it 's definitely something i 'd recommend to you all .
what channel has monster movies like kong and godzilla on during thanksgiving ?
il y avait un endroit bizarre une genre de prison il y avait des barreau dans des trou de un peu près 1m de longueur et 1m50 de hauteur en alternance avec des murs et au dessue de ses murs il y avait des dunes de terres .mon cousin vit sa et me dit vient on y va j'étais pas chaud mais il forçait donc j'ai dit oui .
on escalade le mur la dune et on tombe sur des long couloirs on avance et plus on avance plus c'est glauque et plus c'est angoissant .
au bout d'un moment on se sent observer mais on continue il y il y avait de couloirs mais on continue tout droit et on voit une petite montagne on monte et il y a un bâtiment avec un entrée carrée et l'intérieur il fait noir on marche vers l'entrée et mon cousin me dit y'a un phacochère ! on courts j'jusqu'à l'entrer et on part .
on va voir ces parent et apparemment c'était une usine de dynamite .
mais on ne sait toujours pas ce qu'il y avait à l'intérieur de cette usine
i am posting this with a reduced listing price .
i am trying to get funds available to finish a 2nd 10g fiber install and i figure it is better than dealing with server monkey .
3 x 3.2tb sas ssd these have less than 4tb of data written with 100 health
i with the help of my partner have come to the conclusion my parents are alcoholics .
it did n't occur to me because it was so normalised in my house for my mum to buy 20 bottles of wine 2 cases of beer and a few bottles of spirits with the weekly shop .
and last year we went to my partners family and it was so lovely .
there were no arguments people did n't get rat arsed .
my mum could n't use me as an emotional support animal about how she should be dead from cancer and how she resents my dad about so much stuff .
i feel like a horrible daughter but i had 13 years of christmases like that .
i love them they have their own issues but i hate the drink .
i 'm an only child and it feels like they always wanted it to be the three of us but now i 'm an adult and have my own life it 's resented .
i 'm glad i 'm not the only one in this situation .
we 're going to confront them properly once we are stable in our new home
i am not in the west i can not get the codes to the skin with jacklinks all i can offer is bk codes
good luck with that one brother but your probably screwed
in the 4th quarter we recorded one crash for every 4.31 million miles driven in which drivers were using autopilot technology autosteer and active safety features .
for drivers who were not using autopilot technology no autosteer and active safety features we recorded one crash for every 1.59 million miles driven .
by comparison nhtsa 's most recent data shows that in the united states there is an automobile crash every 484,000 miles. tesla ap accident record v non-ap and national average https www.tesla.com/vehiclesafetyreport
i ca n't separate her from the others but if you check the sauce you can find my commission info to get a cathyl of your own
if someone is doing something that warrants a police officer to actually shoot them they 're a pretty bad guy .
obviously not all police shootings are warranted but i do n't think that 's what the person above was referring to .
çekirdek yağları aşırı tüketildiğinde hücre duvarlarının çift katmanlı lipit yapısına zarar verebileceği hipotezi hala test aşamasında ama şu anki deneyler bile bunun gerçekleşmesi için hayvansal yağ tüketiminin çok az ya da hiç olması gerektiği gösteriyor .
fıstık ve diğer çekirdek yemişleri günlük kalori alt sınırına ulaşmak için yüksek protein ve yağ içeren ideal gıdalardır .
do n't make it a big deal you probably did n't realize but your smacking and eating with your mouth open. in a casual tone .
just point it out in the moment as if he is caught with his fly down .
let him feel dignity by giving him the grace of assuming he would normally not do that and you 're just casually letting him know .
keep the same casual tone every time he repeats it .
because prescription strength lithium is actually being looked at as a neuroprotective agent .
when the last person who remembered you when you were alive forgets you or dies .
if they would put half the effort into life as they do complaining they might have better lives .
op please check that your title formatting meets our requirements and ensure you have attached any required images your post may be removed if not mods may or may not notify you of that removal .
to avoid scams do not do business with anyone who has not posted in this thread .
mods can prevent known scammers from posting here but can not prevent them from reaching you via dm or chat .
use common sense and caution especially for unexpected contacts as mods can not protect you from all scam attempts .
it is worth checking accounts you might trade with against the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com as an additional layer of protection .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coffeeswap if you have any questions or concerns .
i got like 1200 hours and can sometimes do that but still it 's hard
im a fucking idiot i thought there was no way i could google this one but i could lmao .
i ca n't imagine us vs the world without detox roxxxy and alyssa ... i know it would be their third season together but idc silky ra'jah already paved the way for it anyway
so when are your starting your own family run store ?
the point of achieving future tech is by the time we have naturally achieved said future tech we would already have fixed societies issues .
think about what problems you think society would have .
when you have access to many planets of resources a l that goes away .
finally what do you mean by keep people human ?
unless you are transferring massive files 2tb across your drives on a regular basis then no .
there 's milliseconds difference between the two of them .
the 41 is newer technology and technically faster but honestly nvme speed is n't something you should really concern yourself with as much as build quality reliability and warranty .
i have never gotten input switching to work with my lg cx .
it just keeps forgetting the inputs so i ca n't build automations around inputs .
i will say it 's nice to have voice control to turn off the tv .
one nice automation i have is to turn the lights on to a low sim setting after turning the tv off at night .
as others have said though if you only use an apple tv there 's not much benefit .
i 'm hoping in a future matter update it will support media streaming devices and game consoles .
i would just build my automations around that instead of the tv .
das haben sich grundschüler zurechtgelegt weil sie so tun mussten zu wissen was lol bedeutet ohne englisch zu können .
man schreibt doch auch lol wenn man tatsächlich laut gelacht hat .
giants will almost surely get clobbered but anything can happen in the nfl and this is a divisional game where the cowboys are still fighting for first in their division and the 1 overall seed .
you are of course going to play your best defensive player if the doctors say he is good to go .
no most niner fans agree with you but we ca n't say shit because the we get disregarded as stan 's .
fact remains jimmy has been the best qb we have had in years and no one can contest that .
because of that i 'll always support them ur qb1 .
when trey shows us his work i 'll support him too .
it 's a one of a kind for sure .
i have n't been in the world of finer shoes/boots for more than a month but what i 've found i liked the most is imperfections in the leather .
imo it makes the shoe/boot unique as no other pair would look like mine .
you could put some conditioner on it and then buff to a shine but i would n't do anything else .
plus it 's on the inside of the shoe so most people wo n't notice it at all except for you .
the ranger sense explicitly carries over to the next campaign like mendor does in the revised core set .
in general as above user has written the campaign log is closed when the campaign is ended .
in between adventures of a campaign cards are carried over to the next scenario .
at the last scenario of the campaign this does n't make sense anymore except when ffg or user mods intend to extend hrhr the campaign as with dom extending the revcore campaign .
sometimes you attach cards put them into play or shuffle them into any deck as instructed by scenario cards at setup or during play and upon resolution you are prompted to put them into the campaign pool .
if it is the last adventure this is a way of keeping track which cards you added .
bro i didnt say you can make bhaang by sifting please re read my question by sifting you can make hash i said both are made from leaves o which leaves i can source pretty easily so can i make haah
cant wait to squeeze and suck those amazing tits while i pump u full of cum
foot chase with someone wearing a stop snitching '' shirt who ended up becoming my ci after i got him .
ended up being an inside joke and code word between us when he would say nice shirt '' 🤣
you gave her the opportunity to buy the house which it sounds like she would not have been able to afford under conventional means .
2x/yr twice a year use of the guest room even if it is now a child 's bedroom is not an unreasonable request .
the children wo n't suffer from sharing a room for a couple of days .
we did that for fun when we were growing up i 'm one of five .
if thats the case i may just give that a go it also occur 's on forza may need to look into g hub but that sounds like a headache tbh😅
thank you so much ♥️ that 's her little spot for when we 're sitting together watching our shows !
as civilized as it looks we 're currently watching the purge .
jason statham great for dealing with bad tippers and unruly customers .
russian is n't banned you just get fined for using it !
all those big scary drag queens and kings wan na groom your children into being left liberal snowflake cucks
btw in japan tragen menschen auch freiwillig masken außerhalb von pandemiezeiten wie gefällt euch das ?
i wouldnt be surprised if they kept the line slow just to keep prices up and not have to offer discounts .
the car companies learned pumping and dumping cars on the lots isnt the optimal way to make money .
3d scans are like looking at google maps in street view .
it captures all the data and can be used to view the crime scene in a 360 degree interactive way .
this war involves so many left over weapons especially the russian that it looked like obe of those cold war went hot video
i do n't blade very much if at all i skate mostly but would like something with bigger wheels just for getting around the city on short-ish commutes .
although i reckon the brand is n't all that i do n't wan na break the bank and they 're on sale .
towa was risky but she healed me and then mechi got agl orbs and kept healing me .
she could easily have gotten me killed i survived with 30k hp and my 1st slot hearts got stunned so mechi had go finish it .
towa was on the 3rd slot and would have gotten me killed 100 that last turn .
i had a lot of luck with me i believe but it was a really clutch and fun run either way .
coincidentally i just pulled golden cooler not sure what my impression of him is yet .
the problem is that the cartels work with our intelligence services .
but to entertain the idea i think what would happen is a bunch of joint ops with the mexican government going in and seizing property destroying product and freezing accounts and such .
at the most basic level the cartels are a business and a war like you describe would be costly not just in terms of manpower and equipment but also supply lines will be disrupted
this is too cute i 'm not a big family guy i can say i have my two brothers my aunt got ta keep distance tho and my cousins all 4 out of 80 if your sister can behave so cruelly to someone that let her live with y'all someone who treated her brother with such kindness .
she is n't ready for a baby if she is blaming hormones for treating someone with such hate .
i had to kick out my brother for disrespecting my fiancé and making her cry also he refused to apologize my only condition to him coming back so what you did was understandable and i 'm happy for you guys finding each other
correct and this leads back to you thinking 1440 is quite blurry which is hilarious
do n't go up against a writer in a written medium .
especially when your typical comebacks sound like a middle-schooler wrote them .
my film also has one word for its title though .
it seems like you have not attempted to structure your post title to classify your question 's level and discipline/topic enclosed with square brackets as a title prefix .
as level physics light can any one solve this ?
examples|**square brackets is being used at prefix must topic optional clear question
includes syllabus gce 'o ' level calculus differentiation how to differentiate e ?
ap english essay writing should all adverts be factual ?
includes grade grade 8 algebra complete the square how to factorise ax 2 bx+c ?
grade/level is not specific enough high school math what is my qs ?
what is your question ? grade 8 algebra helpppp !
classify your question with square brackets q what is my question ?
there is no fixed list of standardised grades disciplines or topics .
as long as you have tried your best to structure your post title to keep things organised in the following format level/syllabus discipline and/or topic question ?
please delete this post and i am excited to receive your question again with everything well formulated and in compliance with our subreddit rules reddit rules and its t c .
pro-tip attempt to edit this post to extract the description so you do not have to re-write everything all over again.
do read up our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/homeworkhelp/about/rules so you are cognizant of how things work here !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homeworkhelp if you have any questions or concerns .
we restrict posting for new and/or low karma accounts .
you 'll need to participate around reddit and build up a bit of karma and/or let your account age a bit before you can participate here .
we do n't disclose the limits so please do n't ask .
please note that we evaluate post karma and comment karma separately .
you might find this guide for beginners https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddit_101 helpful .
do not message the moderators about this you will be muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breedingmaterial if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess next time i call 811 i need to watch them lol .
someone ripped it from netflix burned it to disks made a case for it and is selling it illegally .
first reply i get i will say to no one because my crush is long gone and i spend everyday in my room walking around in circles .
the model s has been updated in most aspects across the board .
it 's got a new battery form factor with different cooling entirely different motors the option to add a motor many different support structure changes .
take a look through this playlist https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=lezzeg3gicg list=plkidlgyjnpre4-wm5f-m_0bcp7o9ostys and you 'll see that a lot more has changed than you 'd think .
many of the components and the much of the car 's basic structure like the super beam '' mentioned in that video are completely different .
updating powertrains suspensions are n't uncommon for refreshes either .
i 'll give you that suspension updates are n't uncommon .
the only aspect of the model s that 's only been refreshed is the exterior .
everything else has been through 1 or more redesigns .
rice makes you run nice '' for my fellow silly yaks
ugg look up real life death header aka deadly game .
ape is literally 1:1 to amc if he had any common sense to read the filing
you reach level 20 and then lose intentionally to lower your score and get worse opponents
here 's a back patch no idea what size you want .
make sure to tell them that if you ever need their help
can i dm to go over this a bit more ?
when my little first learned animal sounds she was obsessed with ducks .
but ya know ... .they do n't say things right .
so she ran around for months yelling cock '' at the top of her lungs .
i would have an alternative like a massage warm bath hot chocolate ice cream visit a shelter and play with a puppy .
probably got gouged when delivered and installed or more recently by the previous owner not paying attention when moving something big around that is superficial cosmetic damage .
i know and the tokenomics of forced holding scream ponzi while keeping it illiquid
if you 're talking to trump supporters you do n't have to remember any actual facts .
there was some mining changes and a lot of people do not educate them selves about it and post non-since and an ecohchamber of false naritive about mining waste .
less informed people think it 's waste but think of it as it was never there form the start so your not losing any thing .
the with the mining changes you get around 15 more pre hour if you get the skills for what your mining 25 more if your in a fleet with boots .
sounds like one of the v '' tv shows with reptilian aliens disguised as humans .
there was a miniseries in the 1980 's then a reboot in 2009. https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v franchise
not saying that this will remain the case as he wo n't be facing astros pitching .
he had a power outage in the 2nd half last year .
crane will likely overspend on too many years for him .
edit just now seeing ... it will be a three-year deal for 19.5mm per season bringing the total to 58.5mm .
of the last 10 interviews i did only 1 did n't ask leetcode style questions and it was because the guy interviewing me had already submitted his notice and did n't really care .
you 'll also get asked questions on theory language specific stuff for simulations and verification software questions python c/c etc .
your submission was removed as your account is fewer than 3 days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotblackchicks if you have any questions or concerns .
he looks like a 800 years old vampire who lost his immortality love him but woah time to rest
i 'm not great in a kitchen but i never understood how this happens..
it 's like when medow soprano was making hot chocolate like do you not understand that if you splash the milk it goes anywhere.. or that i can boil over if it gets to hot ?
mmmmmm yess you know exactly what this daddy likes .
will you tease this daddys ass with your cock also 😈😈💯💯
not a cpa ... you should talk to one .
but recent changes to the tax code in the last couple of years reduced the business expenses that can be deducted by an individual .
mileage may be on the list that was removed .
if you track it and turn in a request for reimbursement is does n't count as payroll so they do n't have to pay payroll taxes on it and you do n't either since it 's a reimbursement .
i would argue it does n't sell itself because tix are often selling for less than face value right before the fest .
i mean bjork would be great and she would be a headliner but i fear they really do need the big pop and hip hop acts to move tix .
i do n't think dua would headline this year but she can .
for 2021 dua was number 1 on the hot 100 beating the weeknd ariana billie and her album was just below to billies and above taylor and the weeknd 's .
22 has n't been released yet but she 's a dominant and popular performer .
diaparo de arma de fogo é crime no estatuto do desarmamento
speaking from first hand experience '' makes it sound like you are one of the people who thinks that lol
oh sorry too late dude someone rear ended me in 2017 so when the panel shop was fixing the tailgate i just asked them not to paint the letters .
i 'm running the artifact with mok'bara crush lil ' john demo scotty and dereth .
timing out but not doing a ton of damage .
i have the t'ong iss enterprise proton rocket all leveled .
those are the ships i hear people using the most .
assim nada incrível mas é mais do que eu ganho trabalhando .
should n't an i 'm so old '' meme actually have a picture of an old person ?
mistakes happen sure but if we 've been playing for a year and i have to remind you every time to look at your character sheet and add the modifiers to your roll you 're the worst kind of player .
same for people who have been playing a character for months and still do n't know how any of their abilities work .
but coworkers are saying i should take a hospital pair for myself and keep it in my locker so i always have a set when i need it .
but i do n't really feel comfortable locking something away that technically is n't mine
firstly if you can consistently reproduce https bugs.kde.org is your friend .
there is something causing the crashes and it probably is n't plasma .
thirdly i would advise against relying on anecdotal evidence some kde software has broken for me in the past week ... '' to make sweeping generalisations ... therefore kde software is buggy as heck '' as they do n't usually hold up to scrutiny .
i have had none of these problems or anything similar in the past week hence all kde software is perfectly bugless . ''
did you have to give them the coupon code over the phone ?
i mean i do support all funds that killed nazis does n't change the fact that us uk and soviet militaries and regimes each killed millions of civilians themselves too and are all morally reprehensible .
they even all did some civilian slaughtering in germany which neonazis like bringing up but it 's pretty easy to look good when the contrast is fucking nazis .
see funny part is everything you say applies equally well to the russian military .
it 's just putin's/bush 's fault do n't blame the system .
do n't blame the people who signed up to fight for an imperialist regime .
and i do n't think the american one is any more or less evil than the russians just more competent .
and we should treat the soldiers and veterans and politicians of both the same .
if you want to be mostly indifferent about one then why not the other too ?
i do n't judge as long as you do n't support either war crime machine
in an attempt to turn common folk against common folk .
the more labels and divisions the easier it is for them .
paquetá jogou bem no primeiro jogo foi nossa segunda melhor peça marcando além do casemiro .
e sem solidez defensiva não se ganha copa ganhamos um jogo difícil havíamos empatado todos os jogos em copa com a suíça até hoje e esse mesmo time eliminou a frança e perdeu pra espanha na euro só nos pênaltis .
acho que é mudança pra se fazer no segundo tempo não tem necessidade de sair arriscando com o outro time descansado .
i think i 'm resigned to a rear 3 pt blade
it 's pretty funny though when a man thinks that a woman evaluating her priorities looking at men and deciding that cats are the better companions is somehow an insult to the woman .
like buddy ... you were the one compared in value of companionship to a creature that shits in a box and then licks its ass clean and you lost .
it 's certainly not the woman who should be embarrassed by that .
his brother added himself to your vacation and initially said 1 day .
then just invited himself for 3 days without even offering to pay for anything ?
op if you are not comfortable with this then you need to talk and compromise .
you already reluctantly agreed to 2 days with so friends and 1 day with the brother .
this does not sound like the vacation you wanted and if you 're paying over 7k for it you should enjoy it and find a middle ground with your wife .
you 've got 2 options and 1 is easier than the other .
you can lose weight or you can learn to be ok with your body that one is a lot harder .
a few years ago i had a friend who was talking to me who said yeah i do n't care how i look because i 'd rather be fat and happy and not have to worry than be skinny and sad and always worried about my exercise and diet .
so fast forward to now about 2 years later she moved away but posts on social media she works out daily she looks like a whole new person i was shocked i was proud but then again i had to check in and make sure she was happy .
so before you go on to start weight loss you should think about learning to love yourself .
i feel like it 's easier to lose weight with self confidence .
it did n't look or behave like early access when i started last year .
for a game of this quality i 'm not too fussed about steam politics .
we were n't charged for h h we 're not being charged for mistlands so they 're not gouging .
we found damning evidence that hunter biden conspired with other crew members in among us to hide that he was the imposter and he never completed his tasks as a ghost !
your comment https www.reddit.com/r/exhibitionistfun/comments/z487av/what_would_you_do_if_you_pulled_up_next_to_me/ixpn33e in r/exhibitionistfun was automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/exhibitionistfun if you have any questions or concerns .
wireless without noticeable delay i own the sony wh-xb900n and it has a noticeable delay when playing cod .
but that 's probably bc i was playing oon bluetooth it has no dongle
not sure if this will help or not but it 's my experience .
i got a girl pregnant when she was 19 and i was 21 .
we had been together under at year and already has n't had the easiest time of it .
i had zero work experience zero life skills zero savings/assets a loving but broke family so no hope of financial support and a reasonably bad drug habit .
she wanted to keep it but gave me the option to duck out and have nothing to do with it without her resenting me for it .
i thought about this and decided the idea of having a child i did n't know was far worse than parenthood could possibly be .
fast forward ten years and we have a 9 year old boy 5 year old girl a dog and 2 chickens .
we still struggle financially and i still struggle with drug and alcohol use but i have no regrets at all .
having kids young was the best thing that ever happened to be .
although i 'm not gunna lie it 's been crazy hard work ! !
and no it 's not wrong to feel resentment for it but trust me when you meet your little one it 'll be nothing but love .
first seen here https redd.it/kgbkzj on 2020-12-19 92.19 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' z48ajg '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=z48ajg samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
imo the pupils are a bit too far apart i think you can fix it by moving his right pupil a bit to the right other than that your drawing is pretty good for a beginner i 'd even say you 're somewhere intermediate !
man everything seems fine but i have like 2 black horizontal lines going across my task bar 😭😭 should i return it ?
that 's a well timed request check the site later today .
i honestly do n't understand why this is even a question anymore .
it 's a meme that ccp put into the game .
can you share the link for the 2 pack 9 ah ?
i can not locate them on home depot 's website .
it 's really really really important that we acknowledge that this is not a joke and this is actually how the brains of about 30 of the us population work .
until we understand and accept how broken their decision making processes are we will never find a resolution .
let me aim this cork at my face and give myself a broken nose chin tooth and other shietttt
i have 2 bontrager charger euro pumps heads fit to the valves and they are a bit taller than the average pump so you do n't have to bend down so far !
i 'm sure i could help with that ... .
i was probably the 1 person who complained the most about the ap last year 🤣🤣 i 'm trying to kindly ask for a change and hope that ea sees it lmaoo i honestly believe they have been doing a better job with the hut part of the game and they deserve more appreciation for that but the issue is the gameplay is absolutely fucking trash right now and the lag is so trash
it 's called the spectacular '' it 's a dutch tv show about the pira .
i can see why you are n't on good terms with your family .
the rcn sold rank and file nurses out with agenda for change 20 years ago .
no point striking if you do n't have your own separate pay bands .
now please take elons dick out of your mouth there is no need for you to be trying to protect the name of the richest man in the world on the internet .
seems to me like there is a fuckload more effort being put in to attack him on reddit than there is to defend him and seeing as even something as basic as no what you have just said has no proof or is provably false '' is considered defending him '' it seems people just want license to say whatever they want without any pushback or refutation .
ah what 's the point when even refuting straight up lies is considered bootlicking '' we are way past the point of sanity regarding a topic .
my wife is mad at me and basically has n't talked to me in three days .
one thing that i do n't think you realize is how many different ways rvs and houses can be wired or miswired .
rv manufacturers are surprisingly inconsistent in what they do and people make changes to their rvs .
if the person asking questions does n't understand enough about what is going on the question will be potentially inaccurate and that can make the answers incorrect enough to start a fire or kill someone .
when you say you want to put 110v on one of the prongs what prong do you mean ?
when you say you 're leaving another prong at zero how do you intend to do that ?
do you mean you will connect it to the neutral connection of your utility power ?
specify what line on your dryer you want to connect to what line on your rv .
if you do n't know the names of the connections you 're making live neutral hot 1 hot 2 ground etc then you should n't be wiring up cables .
if you do n't correctly specify what wire is going where how can you expect anyone to tell you if what you are doing is correct or not ?
feel free to feel insulted but there are lots of people here trying to help you learn enough to not kill yourself .
take their warnings to heart they are telling you that you need to learn more rather than merely have questions answered .
i honestly hope for the sake of nd 's original roots and so forth that number 3 becomes a master piece .
we noticed you are a pretty new reddit account so we just wanted to let you know to check out the subreddit rules here https www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/wiki/rules and maybe have a read through our frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/wiki/index/faq they make for fascinating reading !
we 're called no stupid questions because we believe nobody needs to be attacked for asking a question but that does n't mean there are no rules !
this sub is meant for users like you to ask genuine questions .
please do n't ask jokes or rants disguised as questions that 's not in the spirit of this sub .
while you can ask almost anything here please keep illegal and offensive questions elsewhere to give people a good experience here and if you have a medical question please ask your doctor not us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nostupidquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
well china is a lockdown in it self so ¯⁠\\_⁠ ⁠ツ⁠ ⁠_⁠/⁠¯
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchatdirtysext if you have any questions or concerns .
look at the bar of the galaxy in those images and ignore the larger arms at the outside
watch more sexy schoolgirl videos horny school girls compilation http links.businesstipz.com/gicmw
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/schoolgirlsxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
china mechanical keyboard warning once you go mechanical you can not go back to normal
a low maintenance midrange plant like air plant or succulent
well while you have not specifically said it you sure make it sound like it by listing all of those negatives for resin printing .
i mean while you are not wrong with what you said the way you phrase it is too generalized and there are ways and techniques that can prevent all of them .
and what you fault resin printing for can happen with fdm printing as well with low bed adhesion and warping supports not printing correctly and you get spaghetti or the simple visibility of layers .
and no there does n't have to be a justification or use case '' for resin printers .
small details regardless of what they are are better printed on a resin printer .
a small sword tip will be difficult to print correctly on an fdm printer .
i am not saying that it is impossible but the amount of time you invest to get to that level is much larger than on a resin printer .
for example most models on mmf are probably best printed on a resin printer .
and dimensional accuracy can be achieved with resin just like you can with fdm you just need to configure your resin printer just like you would need your fdm printer ...
rumor was that he had 6 hc offers/request for interviews and he came back here .
it 's all fun and games until someones loses a nose .
blackview has a ton of rugged phones with big batteries .
i 'd have dropped names but they all sound like serial numbers and i 've forgotten them
her bandits were worried about telling her of the captive 's death which means she was after ransom coin .
and she did n't want her jilted hubby to be physically hurt .
after the quest completes if she 's alive she stands in her tower 24/7 and that 's all she can do .
i like including her in the rest of my play-through when i can .
she 's a decent tank follower an expert with the ban-hammer lol i 've used her our fort to stage fight club bouts once my necromancer thought her tower was a great place to store her corpses .
i 've practiced using summon objects mods there and filled her tower with sandbox stuff but she still just stood there watching .
one day however i put an armorer 's table partly into the wall so that using the table meant you 'd pass through the wall to a hidden room a wasted-space area .
son of a bitch she fucking used the table !
i was surprised and kinda pleased as if something special just happened .
i had a chair placed into the wall for exiting the hidden room and while i 'm trying to close my jaw she used the chair .
that was to be planned when you got the cat .
if you ca n't afford it do n't get a cat .
the social and economic factors were worse than even 30 of the country dying .
and it was president trump who called for a shutdown .
btw 30 of 330m means 99m dead in america .
if russia nuked a bunch of us cities killing about 1 out of 3 americans do you think that would be better than what happened during the pandemic ?
that many people dying would also have negative impacts to society and the economy if every person had a 2/3 odds of living .
roll a 6-sided die if you roll a 1 or a 6 you die .
do you think that kind of upheaval would n't alter society ?
she has an extra little 'out ' if she wants to take it .
abortions should be available but we can not force women to undergo them any more than we can force them to undergo unwanted pregnancy .
i take it then that consuming alcohol and smoking is forbidden too in your eastern paradises or do you think these two are healthier than smoking weed ?
fuck me man these two 🤡 are still together and they are trolling us .
the modder i know who did it might do a release of it later on the nexus .
you got pissy and insulted someone because they asked how you getting stuck ended up affected the game
thinx have pfas chemicals in them aka forever chemicals because they take so long to leave the body they just build up .
google them for more info but they cause crazy hormonal imbalances cancers and infertility to name a few things .
i guess you 'll just have to watch all of blacked raw to find it 😉
i 'm down south but so is my mil but her family is from wales
⬇️ download links redditsave https redditsave.com/info ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/comments/z48amn/kateupton ? ref=jotc redd.tube https redd.tube ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/comments/z48amn/kateupton for this post .
please remember to read and follow all the rules https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/about/rules !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jerkofftoceleb if you have any questions or concerns .
stylin ' brutal multiplayer beat-em-up with battle royale sensibilities and a sick ass soundtrack with a big roster of cybernetically enhanced well most of them cast of weapon-wielding psychos .
it has a pretty good story despite its short length and some sick dialogue and one liners .
it 's a great game to fuck shit up to and just relieve stress in general .
really wish more people played it and i wish it got a modern port .
i 'm about as trusty as an infowars infomercialist on indopan and ice .
herschel walker is indeed a moron but it 's a lot worse than that he 's a violent brain-damaged menace .
herschel walker has threatened to kill women he used to date and children he father with them .
he threaten to murder his own therapist during a family counseling session .
he has committed severe acts of violence against defenseless people and he gets away with all of this because he is rich and popular .
yes i also feel like life is pointless without my partner i know i 'll be fine but right now it just does n't feel worth it .
i do n't want to do any of it without him .
waking up sleeping weekends eating tv walking gym supermarket literally anything and everything was better with him .
i ca n't even fathom christmas and new years without him but alas the sun will rise .
undoubtedly it will have positive impact on the platform .
get vaders helmet and then get his tie advanced for and even bigger set .
do not post low-quality or low-effort content especially pertaining to potentially inflammatory subjects .
this includes trolling in order to provoke and baiting other users .
i thought the all walnut '' tagline was amusing and searched for it it produced some stuff on 1st dibs that is supposedly dated to the 1920s .
also saw on wikipedia that the company was renamed to hm in 1923 so that would be the earliest it could be .
it sounds like writing the message is really for you rather than her so i would write it but not send it .
it 's not the only thing she has low health as well so any sadistic spell casters in your area with an immolation in hand might come to visit .
não conheço mto geografia do méxico então n entendi a piada kk o q tem acatepec ?
yes and your do n't need to really know or care about jfk to enjoy it .
mage is one of the most powerful ways to play use range for an advantage .
if your dj software supports cue points with multiple colors it can be helpful to use a cue of a different color than your others to mark when vocals start/stop so you can avoid clashing vocals .
i ended up picking this wheel with the th8a shifter so thanks for the heads-up !
i know it 's the wrong sub for good political takes but idc
i would n't say diluc is a bad character .
one of his ascension talents is pure garbage and makes no sense .
but overall he is a complete character with smooth gameplay .
i see you asked for how much more damage hu tao does over diluc .
honestly built to the same degree with optimal teams she does like 30 more damage ?
hi new to core keeper and the general progression is just so messy to me i do n't know what to do im playing on hardmode and the only thing ive done is make a farm for seeds and wood and make copper armopr
as a main zealot i like our ranged defenses .
as i stand and am staggered while hoping the random minivan sized brute that spawned behind me as quiet as gently falling snow runs out of ammo before i die .
because it wo n't let me dodge and he is shooting around a blockade and my charge got stopped by a poxwalker that was n't there before i hit the button .
i often wondered what the fellas did when they got bored in those things !
dm me mistress i want you to see my big cock and rate it
i enjoy helping family with things i have experience with that they do n't .
in my experience this is what family does they help each other .
now if he had n't been happy to do it and you still expected him to then you 'd be ta but that was n't the case .
i think your daughter has negative feelings about these type of exchanges .
maybe she thinks that because it 's no longer necessary to ask for help that it 's insulting to ask because it 's associated with being poor and needy i 'm speculating a bit here .
i 'm assuming this because her reaction was way over the top she felt personally insulted there 's a reason why it triggers her .
i do n't know what the trigger is but the reality is that you needed something done you had family that knew how to do it you asked them to do it and they were happy to get it done for you .
some people actually enjoy being helpful and useful and appreciate being asked .
is it rude or inappropriate when this is the case ?
i had forgotten about alllll of this 😂 i know what my rainy day rewatch is today
i interchange headphones so not one pair is edc plus they 're kind of big for the space i took the picture in .
this looks like more of a golden corral type of person .
bg9 will likely be second cour robert might be third iirc they give his name and epithet without description shortly before he 's zucc 'd .
easily the best note definition in a high gain amp i 've ever heard .
made me want to get a real one some day .
the low gain stuff it can do is definitely underrated as well .
people keep complaining that it does n't have delay and reverb .
yeah i was thinking the benelli m4 would be possible forgot about the 1301 but would love to see it .
hell even a 590m with a 5-round standard magazine would be a nice change of pace .
it 's not even worse it 's just the same
the dog just wants to play and needs appreciation .
give him a bar of chocolate so that he feels more loved 👍
depends if everybody is present healthy and not playing ‘hero ball '
in that case we 'd go through instead of australia would n't we ?
my psvr is hooked up to my ps5 right now so i watched it on my 3d tv instead of the headset and i think they did a good job with it .
not as good as the predator 3d remaster but way better than the early 3d movies .
i 'm not sure i 'm tracking right but is the idea that maybe the group nefertiti hailed from may have inspired the amazon mythology as well it 's just not well documented ?
i 'll have to double check if we 're a partner .
what exactly would tell me it 's not configured correctly the ap capacity ?
as far as dhcp goes i have 3 vlans that are 23 .
honestly provision rules is something i 'm not so familiar with
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickmom if you have any questions or concerns .
charlie delbac has a couple different size barrels depending on the liquid .
the 70 bottle count on batches is from the 15 gals .
these are the barrels they also use if you want to do a barrel pick .
if anyone is interested in a tour private or public let me know .
also if interested in a barrel picking experience i can facilitate that as well .
people that never drive over 55 mph or over 200 miles while having a shit ton of cargo but no external cargo and access to perfectly paved roads ?
and that 's a big enough customer base to have tesla on back order .
yes 06 is buggy but blaming the game for issues caused by emulation is pretty ridiculous .
i 'm not a lawyer so idk ... but i would think being drunk would make it much much worse .
if you run into someone and they die because you were momentarily distracted that 's one thing ... everyone adjusts their radio while driving .
if you chose to drink and drive knowing that you 're putting people 's lives at much greater risk unnecessarily that should be years in my opinion .
but again what seems reasonable to me and what the actual law is are probably quite different .
personally i would sand it smooth add a small layer of bondo smooth that out .
get a can of duplicolor paint match and a can of clear coat and call it a day 2hour job .
it seems scary at first but it 's really not too hard .
i used to go with my uncle and buy beat up cars from auction and fix panels and body parts like that .
i 'm sure you could find videos on youtube .
my home town we used to catch snakes and crawdads for fun .
used to eat hot dogs with no buns with van camp beans every night .
my home town town 's population is 2.8 million now .
maybe ops viewing habits has sent theirs a bit askew .
idk i think you might be talking this a little too personally .
when you go out into public there will be people .
it 's reasonable to expect that you will have to interact with them .
yeah my son got lost there when he was 11 .
i was terrified but it was pretty ironic considering the name .
it 's definitely one of the suggested issues tho maybe your system is tangled up you are lucky you could play without running as admin till now btw .
me and my friend are a group of 4 and all of us have this problem also playing proclub in a team with 13 people all have this problem i 'm amazed someone could just start it without worries the whole time maybe you are an unicorn d
so in regards of helping make a clean deinstall once everything else is just to complicated to guide you through tbh it 's easier to deinstall and reinstall first .
deinstall the anticheat through the eac ac eye fully first then deinstall fifa then origin .
go into documents folder of windows delete everything regarding ea and fifa there go into your previous install folder check if you find anything named ea or fifa delete go into programm files under c 86 and the normal one see if there is anything left from origin fifa or ea delete if yes .
go into appdata roaming local etc everywhere see leftovers of the 3 in here too and delete .
no need to clean registry tho just restart afterwards your pc .
first download and install ea play not origin origin is outdated ea play is n't better but just use it they will turn of origin in 6 month anyway .
before you start go into where ever you installed the ea launche go in the install folder and search the launcher exe in there sorry not on pc forgot the exact name open the settings and check run as administrator here .
that 's important because if you run as administrator through the shortcut it does n't work sometimes .
btw if you not sure which is the right exe just put all of them on run as admin nothing bad can happen better be safe then sorry you can find the right one afterwards ... but if i remember correctly it should be obvious which is the launchers exe ...
so afterwards start eaplay should ask you now the user control thingy as admin when you start it
null 's the kind of name fanfic writers come up with when they run out of name ideas for insert omnipotent god/phenomenon
i 'm going to cut back my butterfly weed though .
just press those two little triangles together on the plastic buckle .
mix until dry/shaggy dough forms mash together and rest in fridge for 24-48 hrs .
sixers flairs putting up wilt chamberlain numbers of hate lol
je pense qu'avec trois t-shirts et un mug on est loin de ce qu'un tribunal considérerait comme une rémunération .
clean your booth clean your guns blow your suit off tack before clearing de-nib base before clearing change your filters .
the amount of sanded spots in your picture is out of control .
if you 're using solvent base coat wet the booth down .
3:05 am you think something like that would hurt after all i 've been through ?
you may think it 's not possible to experience worse pain .
the pain will get worse and worse and worse .
no matter how strong we are we all have our breaking points.
3:05 am the bird fights its way out of the egg .
who would be born must first destroy a world .
will you keep up with your responsibilities when your every waking moment is spent in abject misery ? ''
3:10 am sometimes good people make bad choices it does n't mean they are bad people .
3:33 am whose fault is it that things ended up like this ?
it 's simply a combination of one circumstance and the next .
i have watched the movie a few times now and there 's something i just do n't understand !
frank mentioned it when in the kitchen with alice saying he hopes alice and jack have a boy and then peg mentioned it again at dinner !
she played it off saying girls are so hard but i feel like there 's more to it .
obviously this is a loaded question based on what upgrades or bonuses a unit might have but just as a super generalization how does the scorpion counter or fail to counter infantry calvary or seige .
to be frank no pun intended i rarely make any seige at all and am probably hindering my elo by doing so so i want to know what i am missing out on .
i would say 80 of the games i play i never make a seige workshop and i am currently 1000 elo .
im trying to make delta\_x gradually smaller from 10 8 to 10 1 but i cant seem to understand why it does n't work .
when i run the program it 's always the same output ... help plz
i 've been looking into a career change as my significant other has made it pretty clear that my current work schedule is n't working for us .
i 've only worked in manufacturing really just on the floor with titles like production/process engineer and supervisor .
i 'm looking for something that is n't so tied to production or at least with a little better work-life balance .
what are some of the titles you look out for ?
an employee called off and did n't get a response from her supervisor so she came in.. clocked in and realized her assignment said call off so she left ... do i owe her any money for coming in ?
i 'm thinking of making a pilgrimage to the promised land of alaska this spring but i do n't really have any knowledge of the area .
does anyone know any areas with good basecamp locations or traverses that can be accessed on foot ?
i might have the money for a heli drop but just one haha
i was watching season 1 again and the differences between that and the next two are ... a lot .
i feel like it 's less ‘i got ta get engaged to stay on the show ' and more actual effort to find someone .
i wonder what it 'd be like if they only had people who were n't familiar with lib .
i consider myself a conservative which is a taboo subject in some circles .
i never impose my views on anyone and just stay silent because i do n't want anyone to be offended '' .
this might be a long shot but i am desperately searching for 2 tix to the brisbane australia show on the 24th of january !
they 're for my girlfriend she is the biggest fan of lpotl and her birthday is this week !
i 've been playing this game for a while and ... oh god i wish nintendo would do a pokemon stadium with these models .
i tried to deploy a keystone app to heroku and i did it but while i tried to open the app i got the following error
an error occurred handling a request for the admin ui error prisma error the table main.user does not exist in the current database .
here 's a screenshot containing more details about the error
our next door neighbours adult son has a stupidly noisy car it 's an audi r8 with a specialised exhaust system added .
when it starts the sound is deafening in the early hours it actually sets of car alarms in neighbouring streets .
our windows and floor vibrate every time he goes on and off the drive .
what is the situation with legal noise levels in residential areas ?
i 've just seen a news piece on bbc breakfast about noisy cars and measures being taken in alderley edge .
the father of the son when he first got the car knocked on the door and apologised for the noise and said it was being dealt with .
three weeks passed and when i enquired when it would be sorted he said they had it checked out and the exhausts system was an addition and that 's how it 's meant to sound like .
so i bought two voltageous dolls back in the day got my order confirmed everything went fine .
time passed and my dolls were n't coming the website did n't change it said they were preparing for shipping .
turns out my dolls were shipped and they arrived to my country delivery service tried to give them to me they said i was n't at home but i know i was plus i was n't given an alert to pick them up and they 're on their way to mattel now/they 're already there .
i was not given any tracking numbers from mattel not any kind of updates .
if you did how did it turn out for you ?
i want my dolls more than my money back honestly .
i do both i go low until later then i start being better .
this season you trade down if it 's giannis jokic or doncic offered .
would need to be a young star level type of guy not projected to be an mvp or a team willing to clear out a haul of picks .
you 're going into it expecting the wrong kind of euphoria .
especially with oral morphine the euphoria is more of a life 's good '' euphoria than a my brain is cumming '' euphoria .
would it be advisable too hunt the nests as well since they 'll be extremely easy too spot once the leaves fall ?
love your username as it 's very accurate and damn how big are they !
i literally just want 165hz at 1440p medium high settings .
benchmarks show the 6950xt giving around 140-160 fps in mw2 ...
so it 's like do i lower my expectations and buy something that wo n't run my monitor at it 's full or do i wait and see if these 4k cards can finally do it ?
seems like they 'll cost less than the 6950xt does and perform better lol
you can buy a few wendys franchises and live off the regards that this sub brings
how is there no way to preview optics from the menu before you unlock them ... why is that not a thing ?
usually when the coil gets to hot it melts thr glue and the coil unwinds and when it does it is like a slinky in a very small gap so that is why sometimes they sound like springs and sometimes they lock up it is the coil windings getting stuck besides them selves or they can just unwinds and fall into the bottom of the gap
i have a 16 lbs panther who is all muscle
if you think this is bad you should see how bad it is at a porsche dealer .
it 's not an easy oil change but not that bad .
i think a lot of dreams are just dreams but there are definitely some dreams that are more to them .
i am so fascinated by dreams i could talk so much but i 'll stay on topic here .
so i 've noticed when i 'm being actually visited in my dream it tends to feel different .
i always know it 's a dream and it feels very real .
it 's like i 'm actually there with them .
i do n't think you 're making it up though sure you could dismiss it as an overactive imagination but it does n't hurt to have a little faith your loved ones are visiting you !
dreams are a very common way for spirits to talk to us and generally get through to us .
part 2 of javale going about like our first stint with him .
if you need books for college try sci hub it 's free and it 's easily accessible to find textbooks .
the thing is i played 2 games of solo fortnite after raging from getting shot on in cod and got 3rd and then 1st back to back .
no minoxidil only affects the new hair that it grows in the bald spots .
i stopped applying minoxidil after a few months and the new hair started thining but i kept my old hair .
i do n't think every school 's dean has revealed a preference for an interest section .
does the section show something really compelling that isnt shown elsewhere in the application ?
or is it filled with ordinary hobbies or interests that are n't quite unique ?
in any case i can not imagine somebody getting in/rejected solely on the basis of the existence/absence of the interest section .
if you think your resume looks better with it then include it !
sorry but your account is too new to post .
your account needs to be either 2 weeks old or have at least 250 combined link and comment karma .
do n't modmail us about this just wait it out or get more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nottheonion if you have any questions or concerns .
throwing out a pad in a trash can is not an insult you guys are acting like little boys .
your poor wife not sure if you 'll hold onto her long if you scold her for her own hygiene and bodily functions .
why do n't you try wearing a soaked pad and see how it feels ?
corn but not as much as you 'd think .
the trees there looked depressed and like they would end theirselves if they could
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaytwitter if you have any questions or concerns .
haklısın eğer bir dağıtılma durumu varsa her tarafa dağıtılmalı şuan bir jilet te aynı para yani ama bence iki tarafa da dağıtılmamalı ve şahsi düşüncem kadınların iş bulması daha kolay
you used the item 'sledgehammer of smackdown ' and did 17 extra havoc damage .
zombie chickens are nice they fit the apocalypse setting .
all they need is a spawnrate and damage nerf loot drop and they 're fine
yrkesexamen med godkänt betyg lägst e i svenska 2 och 3 alternativt svenska som andraspråk 2 och 3 och i engelska 6 .
om de kurserna inte ingår i din gymnasieexamen så kan du komplettera med dem i efterhand på till exempel komvux eller folkhögskola .
they have soft defense that 's why at least they attack though
i mean with demon mascarade you would need a different model for all like 8 weapons plus 3 demons at once .
i agree it 's weird i would have to pay 125 to keep the door chimes .
i 'll take a look at the pac rp4 harness !
i was able to a few years ago by reaching out to the airport so i could pick my granda up at the gate .
it was a pretty easy process then i 'm not sure if it 's changed .
i get 6 gallons a week to myself and i always finish it lol
i 'm kind of wondering if it is height proportional to the giraffe .
as a human we might be able to just walk right in and camp out for a night .
if this drama takes his fortune and twitter out it would be a net benefit for humanity .
kinda want to try it out before spending that kinda amount..
i used to work in the area and i 'm with you .
almost got hit by a chair by a homeless man in the timmies beside the subway .
almost had to fight another homeless guy walking around that same timmies stroking women 's hair ? ! ?
got spit on and at a number of times walking to the cab line after 2am .
i have all my management and monitoring on vlan 1 isp 1 on vlan 2 isp 2 on vlan 3 then 10 20 and 30 for various wired and wifi networks .
vm 's mostly live in vlan 10 opnsense decides what devices get to chat across vlans .
10 and 20 get to talk but 30 is totally isolated only a few workstations in 10 get access to vlan 1
bitter that people are explaining why christianity is made up ?
yea i 've been trying to figure who to do because i have n't watched the anime
if only we could do this to our politicians us .
with this vstone amount 3,3 possibility and only 3 girls on gacha you only miss her if your lucky is beyond terrible 😅
i do n't view homosexuals as lesser or worse people i view homosexual relationships as lesser .
homosexuals do n't need to enter a homosexual relationship they can take a vowel of abstinence or try a heterosexual relationship .
if they went with either of these i would actually have much more respect for them than the average heterosexual .
you can get married without being legally married too .
it was a cultural and religious thing before it was a legal thing .
i do n't even need to make observations although i have .
i 've seen many mentally ill or otherwise depressed homosexuals more than i 've seen mentally healthy '' ones .
it 's also much easier to tell when someone 's faking depression or sadness than it is to tell if they 're faking happiness .
like i 've said many times the homosexuals in my area are treated extremely well .
they 've only experienced derogatory remarks once or twice in their life and every time they did there were numerous people cheering them on and telling them how perfect they are .
it 's not like they 're experiencing hate every day and a few guys on the internet should not be enough to ruin your day anyways .
korra is a better fighter and is more aggressive than aang and she also knows metal bending and other sub bending styles
i never had experience with used parts my friend had and it was an horrible one so i ca n't say .
a good deal for a 6950xt is around 800 to 700 i grabbed one for 789 euros and it 's never under 1k pretty much here .
i 'm going to skip the 7000 series this time i guess .
anyway if you can secure a pre order or something at a shop you should go for it to be honest .
although payed exists the reason why autocorrection did n't help you it is only correct in
nautical context when it means to paint a surface or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant .
payed out when letting strings cables or ropes out by slacking them .
unfortunately i was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment .
i 'm in the uk and decided to return the pixel 7 and buds .
dhl tracking show both arrived at their facility in poland two weeks ago sent separately as each return generated a separate label .
buds return completed quickly no update on the actual phone despite talking to google support .
he had no legitimate legal reason to knock her out
i do n't think anyone 's suicidal around here mr. bot .
never before have i been so offended by something i 100 agree with
he 's a career 25 shooter on less than 1 attempt a game and has no mid .
do not let a 3 game hot streak from 3 make you think the dude is a shooter
he 's always in the 0.85-0.88 ppp range which is 35th percentile or so .
it 's far worse than the worst offense in the nba when he posts up
nurkic is a good defender who can pass on offense but is a bad shooter and a terrible finisher who plays outside of himself and tries to do more than he 's capable of .
he 's yet to be viable in even a single playoffs in his entire career and is likely to miss the season entirely every year
gobert is an absolutely elite defender who can score more a game than nurkic despite taking significantly less shots .
he knows what he 's good at and does n't waste possesions trying to do things he ca n't so
i sell less on depop than ebay but my individual sales are usually higher priced items .
especially 90s/y2k stuff for the younger audience that uses depop .
great public speaker prerequisite includes prefrontal lobotomy and heavy sedation .
considering both are proficient at necromancy i 'll be surprised if the fight does n't have their armies fighting each other with both sides resurrecting themselves
please reply and comment and upvote this and i will do the same ...
what op posted as their issue i did n't think is a problem .
we are one of the very very very very few countries in the world who achieved independence in a bloody revolution and then kept their country in tact to the present day .
we are also one of the very very few countries in the world to go through a significant frontier expansion of their borders .
our country quadrupled in size and much of it is still considered frontier '' .
both together along with the drafting of the 2a put us in a unique relationship with firearms and gun ownership .
most of the shit american cities im familiar with are at least trying to catch up on their massive backlog of roads with no sidewalks .
i made a comment that women should n't be judged for using of and the amount of dm 's i got asking for nudes was stupid .
if i had of then why in the actual fuck would i send a random stranger from the internet free content ?
removed your post comment karma score is below 10 please reach this before posting again .
you get karma by commenting on subreddits and people upvoting it .
this action is to prevent spam on the subreddit .
please note that award karma does not count towards our karma requirement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
no no no you do n't understand i 've been up this trail 50 times
when journeys was revealed i expected aj and characters like giselle to appear characters from their past .
to see how far they have come with the up to date abilities .
my also adhd partner does n't seem to fully grasp how this helps me .
him one lip balm tube always in the same spot on his very tidy nightstand
me many forms of lip balm all over the house more than i know of at the moment i 'm sure
sorry to hear that my dude but i 'm not from england
tbh i think dialing it in to 1000th 's of an inch is excessive when you are doing anything with wood ... ..because let 's be real here a 5 relative change in humidity will eliminate all the precision you just dialed into the machine and you get that just from opening the door to your shop in the summer ... .or on a rainy day lol ... .or even when you do a final sanding you are putting wayyyyy more than a 1/1000th deviation into the surface even the finish is way in excess of that
i ground one face of the magnets down on diamond and whetstones up to 20k like i would with the back of a chisel ... thats a pretty flat magnet and that 's plenty good enough on its own for wood imo
i think we get way too into the weeds with the level of precision we try to attain with our machines ... its wood it moves its imperfect after a certain threshold its just gilding the lilly to me
i am not really sure why i gave him a thumbs up .
it was early in the morning i guess ? ?
hindsight is incredible but looking back now i 'm actually glad he went down .
i would n't want him to make it a habit of going down just short but he would have taken a huge hit and we still won so hindsight being what it is i 'm glad he went down rather than risk an injury
you 'd have gotten a notification via the app if the alarm is triggered .
however afaik unless you have the interior optional alarm package they had for the s and x not sure about the 3 and y the only way the alarm triggers is if someone opens the door while it 's otherwise locked .
smash and grab to the window does n't trigger without the optional security upgrade .
edit to clarify i mean with sentry mode off as the op described .
it looks like all newer cars including all 3s and ys have the extra sensors standard but i have no idea if they do anything if only the basic alarm is enabled without sentry mode .
i guess what i 'm wondering is whether the zeiss is a better buy at a similar price to the summarit/summarons 400£ for leica lens or zeiss lens adapter .
the 35mm planar is also very pricey so at 35mm i think nikon is the only contax mount lens at a cheap price .
nah a wentz had a much better line with anthony contonzo .
for immediate support and interaction please check out discord https discord.gg/eyfsxz6 .
your post is currently going under an approval process .
it will take some time but there is no wait time for posting in the pinned megathread for any post types that falls under rule 2 !
check your flair you chose it might be giving you additional instructions to save you some time such as to use the megathread
your post has been sent to the moderation team for manual approval .
ha focused discussions advice for others that do not have tmi and have a proper post title such as the main discussion question or a descriptive title that is not clickbait for advice will appear on the subreddit if it is approved .
remember if you are fixating on something physical symptoms diagnosis particular fear and need support check out our stickied daily thread for vents worries rants fixations daes does anyone else needing support reassurance type of content .
if your post contains this content you will be redirected to the megathread .
you are more likely to receive support there while also preventing the distress of others who are not mentally prepared to engage with such content outside of the megathread http reddit.com/r/healthanxiety/about/sticky
in the meantime you can check our common topic collections and participate in any of those active discussion threads
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthanxiety if you have any questions or concerns .
keep in mind that a lot of the leftists '' pushing 'both parties bad ' while steadily attacking the democrats are not genuine https i.imgur.com/zs2dmgg.jpg .
many are right-wing disinformation agents doing what they do best trying to split the opposition and help the fascists get into power .
it makes me wonder because the original basis for the story is complete .
i think there is potential if they turn it into something fictional and super creepy because it is a very weird story .
oh he 'll be big mine is 18months and 13lbs looks bigger than average cats so ... your kitten is really big and gorgeous btw .
i have debilitating anxiety and take valium but i 'm still aware that taking too much of it would make me high .
i not so sure this good because they might punish you for playong hide and seek and you not get no bacthces then
who gives a fuck proceeds to write a small essay
i 've never lived here but moved around a lot as a kid bc my dad was military and have visited a few times .
in other words i had no connections no knowledge nothing to offer besides the desire to live here .
i graduated in may but was applying for jobs in jan/feb .
i knew i was an unknown coming from out of state so i pushed and settled a bit in the sense that i definitely am not making as much as i should be based on my degrees/experience .
but i got the job offer in march ! !
what i mean to say is it 's worth it .
we love it here even with the price of gas and housing .
everything else is just as expensive on the east coast tbh and housing is getting up there .
we live in a small apartment while we save up to buy a small condo but i 've never felt more content .
life is hard everywhere and you have to choose what sacrifices you 're willing to make .
wait do someone know the source of the middle photo with 2 guys ?
is it like from a movie poster or a photoshoot ?
if you like survival/strategy this war of mine time will go by so fast playing this game
every time i see this i feel it 's amazing that the original site http bash.org ? 104383 is still up even though irc is n't really a thing any more .
looks like the knife edge on the bass side has worn down enough that the bridge has rotated clockwise and the plate holding the fine tuners is rubbing against the body so a new baseplate at minimum is probably called for .
i believe the lockmeister has the intonation string lock screws behind the fine tuners instead of in front so it may be too long to fit the cavity on that jackson even if the saddles and posts are exactly the same widths .
i have n't used the schaller but i know the gotoh ge1996t does n't fit some jacksons with lfr bridges for that reason .
you might need to find a different model or find a used lfr that is n't worn or have a little routing and finish work done to use that schaller .
edit you may also be able to get shorter screws from schaller .
kda simply means how many kills+assists you get per death .
does adult tiki have more alts and favoritism by is 's japanese audience only for brave young tiki to be more looking like she needs to put in something as she is n't wearing enough ?
anything from usps will come from usps.com https usps.com not .gov and they 'd never send something like that anyhow .
hey post office here we figured out your cell phone number but have no idea where you live . ''
air we need to charge tax and plant more trees out of it jk
again this is more of a big deal than celebs and their blue checks being dumb .
the government of ukraine for example is on twitter with a blue checkmark .
musky said some stupid stuff against ukraine before he bought twitter .
now that he has control he can get revenge on anyone who slighted him .
and he 's so thin-skinned he 'll follow through .
he loves free speech but he 's already suspended people that made fun of him .
see how much he looks like a crybaby in this thread .
pretty cringe for a 1 'er https ew.com/celebrity/kathy-griffin-twitter-suspension-elon-musk-mom-account https ew.com/celebrity/kathy-griffin-twitter-suspension-elon-musk-mom-account
lastly i 'm surprised you 're being harassed by blue checks .
bankari su nacelno neomiljene osobe u svijetu finansija i investiranja a direktor banke pogotovo ako pricamo o direktoru filijale komercijalne banke je generalno vrlo beznacajna pozicija kad o ozbiljnim stvarima pricamo
i 'm looking forward to either cheney or kinzinger start going full rogue when their term is over .
seems both are fed up enough with the gop to start dropping bombs
i hope you feel better because your not worthless you but had an awful experience and its gon na take time to heal .
some people certainly can but i 'm not one of them
with such replies it seems impossible to sell anything to cybersecurity professionals .
looks like a perfectly executed verstappen give back to me .
maybe in the time it took the andromeda fleet to arrive the milky way built these and they have the ability to reach andromeda ?
there is a flair check in needed here for sure .
a note from the mods the two most commonly broken rules are rules 2 and 3 .
please delete your post immediately if it violates either of these rules
rule 2 post in either r/chubbydudes or r/bhmgonewild but not in both .
if you post to both you will be permanently banned in one subreddit at the moderators ' discretion .
rule 3 images must contain most of your torso or show your face .
are only allowed in albums where the majority of the photos pass rule 3 .
an easy test for compliance is hips to neck '' does your image at minimum show your body from hips to neckline ?
if not please delete your image s and post ones that do .
this is an automated post appearing on every new post as a friendly warning .
you can contact us with any questions using the link below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubbydudes if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly quinn payton or harbaugh would be the only ones i would be excited for .
other than that i think it would be a while before we were competitive again .
this would ban flavored synthetic nicotine pouches which contain 0 tobacco .
people like myself use these items to successfully quit tobacco cigarettes .
e this will also ban the vast majority of flavored cigars as well so vote yes if you never want to smoke a blunt again .
i 'm seeing so many comments about cigzz badd from people who obviously have n't read the proposition .
you can have enough yang for fg without having vertical or so i 've heard but i ca n't help you out with the unicorn sgs i 'm afraid
you should let an 18 year old cum in you ! !
i think you should 've made it a bit brighter because the red only looks slightly more red than the maroon .
i have mixed feelings about the kenobi show but one thing i loved was hayden and ewan being reunited .
it was a huge mistake to let unworthy countries in and hope for the better when the unanimity rule means even a wholly insignificant backyard putin puppet country can slow down or even stop the whole eu .
hungary shut up and concentrate on becoming a worthy eu member .
outside the eu you 'd be a tiny lowly serf región of fascist russia .
you never need a wad to invade if the enemy let 's you walk in .
you 're correct but if you just want to enjoy games if youre down a piece you can play on and try and fight back .
there 's something to learned with being accurate even a piece down sub 1200 there 's still a chance you can fight back .
there 's not much to learn being 30 you 're really just being stubborn .
yall want me to come down there or what ?
if i were a d-tier striver i would be sucking up to people like louis
we restrict posting for new and/or low karma accounts .
you 'll need to participate around reddit and build up a bit of karma and/or let your account age a bit before you can participate here .
we do n't disclose the limits so please do n't ask .
please note that we evaluate post karma and comment karma separately .
you might find this guide for beginners https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddit_101 helpful .
do not message the moderators about this you will be muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexytummies if you have any questions or concerns .
i saw a different version of this that used on death ping effects to just outright kill the opponent but i cant remember what card they used specifically .
i guess it was esper with blood artist or something like that .
why does n't he just go home and sleep ?
but obviously that depends on your pa and speakers .
for me it 's more about consistency and having a fairly neutral sound when setting up my patches .
if it sounds good and as intended in full band context to me then i can be sure that it sounds as intended to them .
crystal peaks probably it 's on my steam playlist thrice .
it uses mucus and lh test strips though a lot of femm teachers incorporate bbt and encourage people to use a different app to chart .
the app does have a place to enter bbt but the way the chart is designed does n't make it useful .
if you 're entering the data and not finding it is saving i have never come across that problem before .
and make sure it 's a good center channel and also the same brand line as the l and r so that panning audio matches .
i prefer this sun it has the naughtiest kinkiest comments
yup unless there 's some other evidence then the circumstances could be explained away by any half-decent lawyer .
let go all the fantasy stuff and start with learning hand signals positions obvious signs like always walk a little bit bevind her carrying her bags when shopping responding immediately with a choose title .
if someone asks tell them straight forward you are her sub .
once you are comfortable with it the rest will follow .
it 's up to you both what you make of it .
could we just this once have a show where the female lead says she does n't want kids and they do n't ruin it by making her pregnant ? !
i loved the big bang theory but they ruined penny by making in her pregnant in the last episode when she had stated for 12 seasons that she does n't want kids .
it is ok not to want kids i 'm 31 and never wanted kids .
everytime i 'm thinking cool a character that i can relate to they end up making her pregnant .
bl too or dungeon defenders just the first i dont like the 2nd
the tokarev you could take a rock for all the effectiveness
i hope atleast then it gets really hot in the bedroom
my wife does the getting in and out of bed carefully .
i just gently yeet the cat to the side when i got ta get up .
they generally lay on her side but we both agree i am their favorite for some reason .
i keep saying if she just did what i did they would lay in the middle but nah .
she does n't know why they love me so much ... lol
i 'm not sure i would ever mention how much i spent on my face with such a lousy result .
ywah oop is definitely an ass for using that title .
seen the video a few times never heard anything about developmental issues .
i 'll keep that in mind idk how i 'm still in my squadron tbh it 's pretty good i just have n't played any squad battles or whatever that is .
so the process would be wait until the compressor stops running and then unplug it '' .
my profs did a good job of teaching me how to think and how to identify when i 'm being told what to think .
and so did prak until he performed a satanic ritual
i 'd keep it full with water bottles and use a power bar off at night back on in the morning .
voi kokea että kun roosan oma maine on mitä on niin ei siitä tule sen suurempaa mainehaittaa ainakaan enää .
yeah in pvp i guess you 're making a good point .
for pve you need hp and stamina and a lot more souls to repair and upgrade everything .
especially in a boss fight the difference between getting 2 shot and 3 shot is amazing .
this is whipped mentality but also demeaning to women .
aliens have a base resourse income from their homeworld but it is not so great .
i 'm pretty sure they can use boost as any other faction .
just so you know it is a code violation to run a flexible cord through a wall or under a door .
if there was an issue your insurance company may not be happy if they determined that was the cause .
my recommendation would be to install the charger outside if possible .
iako veliki ljubitelj doticnog moram da stavim ruku na srce i kazem da je daleko od te kategorije ...
what sort of sexy underwear do you put on for her ?
you should try harder to please her petty little whims .
perhaps lacy suspenders or nipple bands are what you need to get .
i bet greene is like fucking alex jones at the dinner table lol .
she 's spouting off all kinds of ridiculous theories and accusations while scarfing down an entire rotisserie chicken .
you told a couple of vague fortunes to some powerful people and they turned out to be spot-on one person is very happy that things turned out in their favour and you 're practically an uncle to their kids when you visit .
the other suffered great tragedy and blames you for it one time walking down the wrong alley got you a thorough beating from some of the thugs they hired .
a 16 yr old old enough to have a job and drive a car
that 's still available though it 's only the 3 months visa that got removed
a person of noble character is a breath of fresh air .
yes that 's how things work when the press focuses on an issue .
what you mean by ordinary people '' is you .
net migration to the uk hovers around the 300k ish figure and has done for more than a decade .
bringing it down to old levels would involve not changing anything .
what has changed is the speed with which people are processed and admitted .
that is what is leading to the current stories and it appears to be a deliberate choice .
all that 's needed is repair of the admissions procedure .
i bet there are n't too many hours in the day when this guy is n't holding a deck of cards .
i mean my nips were really puffy and there was a hard tissue on the pec .
i may be kinda lucky tho because the muscle blended well with it .
da li ti je bilo neophodno da dostavis izvestaj iz kreditnog biroa ?
seriously she 's the kind of friend who tells you to fuck off and then gets mad if you actually do it
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/twicexnice/comments/ypebl2/chaeyoung 32 32
i think it would be the same way it 's now underwater .
what is comfortable for you is not comfortable for all .
that being said a very rough estimate would be about let 's say 60k to 70k .
why does roos not get a chance ahead of wiese ?
at least you followed a badass madman not a sleazy one .
i was trained by medics how to inject first before letting me loose with a syringe !
even then the first time i injected myself i was watched by my doctor .
ask your doctor am i doing it correctly injecting myself .
they just summoned c'thulu in the form of 5 amped up zarya 's .
yeah i figured if i did n't toss that in there then the average response would be something like never stop fucking . ''
beautiful delicious can i help lick them fill with hot cum
you mean nobody wearing a mask anymore is allowing all this to spread rampantly ...
hi lovely i had a similar issue with my cat and i ending up getting her spayed without informing my parents as i believe this was the best course of action .
sure they were mad about it but if your cat is as precious to you as mine is then i can understand why you want to put her safe first .
on the other hand im like 98 sure she 'll be fine even if she does n't get spayed and gets pregnant .
there are so many cats who pregnant through their first heat and end up with kittens .
if you 're struggling to keep her calm in the house i would recommend a hormone spray such as feliway which can be plugged in .
sorry your going through this and i hope the situation is resolved soon and that your cat is okay
so sun bean if it could compete with gold bloom
did you check if it 's the same arrow every time ?
again finland is an independent and sovereign country they can do whatever they want
we 've had our struggles but that 's living under incredibly incompetent capitalist and transphobic conservative governments for 12 years in 2024 because of the governments failures over the last decade labour will win and hopefully bring round a much more inclusive environment .
at the moment the government are reviewing the trans conversion ban
one night in jail is too many for 1,035 people .
i noticed have after putting double barrel shocks my centre of gravity has gone up and i keep on flipping over and i was wondering if putting on more weight to the car or taking out the springs will lower the centre of gravity ?
i 've been trying to find a match for the past 20 mins
finding a perfect bull is of course the dream scenario in this lifestyle .
and as everyone who has ever tried knows finding a bull is n't easy !
finding a good bull takes a lot of work and if you find a great one you should really consider yourself lucky .
accordingly as we 've found what we both consider to be the perfect bull we should be and are !
but are there any downsides of having found a perfect bull ?
before i go into details what 's your take on this ?
a perfect bull for us is someone scoring very high on a number of criteria a great fuck dominant but considerate sexy fantasy both a physical and intellectual attraction with the wife a lovely person and a great understanding of the dynamics of a cuckold relationship he understands that it takes three to tango he 's not afraid of taking his own initiatives in terms of teasing/interacting with the cuck and he does it because he likes it and is turned on by it not because he knows it 's expected .
in our experience a true understanding of the cuckolding dynamics is by far what 's most difficult to find .
but of course the truth is a bull will not be around for ever .
sooner or later he will get into a serious relationship or the connection will disappear for another reason .
and in this case he lives very far away .
the downside of having found a perfect bull is that hubby is n't very interested in me seeing my regulars now as he does n't think they get the dynamic good enough and these are men we consider to be good or even great bulls .
accordingly the bar has been set so high now and i would say primarily from hubby 's side that there 's a risk that new experiences will be disappointing .
i do n't really know how to handle this .
anyone who has been in the same situation or who has any thoughts about this ?
hi yall just a few questions about the industry .
i got a bachelors of science in wildlife ecology and management as well as a minor in biology .
turns out jobs were n't super available without very labor intensive work .
my local tech offers an associates in biotechnology labratory tech .
reading into it i am very interested as my education was mostly science based .
i 'd have to work part time to go back to school as well and would like to build experience .
also am i 24 too old to get back into something like this ?
going away for 2 weeks early next year and have two rottweilers that need to board somewhere
i understand there are many around most have similar reviews just after some personal experiences ?
so i 've been thinking about this a lot for the past few years because it really bothers me and i need some clarification .
so the story is when i was 17 i started my first job and my manager 40m started pursuing me and making comments to me and such .
i did n't tell him to stop because i really liked the job and did n't want to mess anything up .
then he started giving me rides home and asking me sexual questions and making sexual comments to me which was really weird .
i know people will ask me why i even got in the car with him then and looking back it 's because i did n't want him to be mad at me .
flash forward a few months and he starts making moves on me kissing touching etc which i do n't reciprocate because i was n't comfortable with that .
i just sat there quietly while he did whatever he wanted .
about two months later right after my 18th birthday he started asking me if i wanted to have sex with him and of course i told him no .
this went on for about a month where he would give me rides home and ask about sex i would say no and he would just do other stuff instead while i layed/sat there .
then one night he just king of went foot it without saying anything and before i knew it it was happening .
i do n't know if i was shocked or what but i did n't tell him to stop or anything i just did n't say anything at all but i was really upset .
this happened one more time before i quit the job .
i just do n't know if this is rape or not i know people say you ca n't count sex you regret as rape and i definitely regret it but i 'm very confused .
it also really bothers me that afterwards he told my coworker when he was talking about the relationship that him and i had that he always knew i was uncomfortable but just did things anyway .
anyways i 'm just hoping to get some second thoughts and opinions .
a place for members of r/luckylol124 to chat with each other
i started in a new company a few months ago in a job role titled 'video editor ' .
this was a deliberate career choice due to health reasons .
i had surgery in march and no longer felt comfortable going out on shoots due to symptoms .
hence why i decided to focus on editing specifically going forward .
it started out okay at the company but before i knew it i was being asked to go on shoots edit plan everything and also work on video processes etc .
im at a point now that it 's effecting my health mentally and physically .
the company is taking advantage i never applied to be a videographer and to top it off i 'm not getting paid to do all this extra work .
i 'm going to speak to my boss but not sure how to word it .
hey there ladies are you wanting to learn how to give better head ?
maybe you 're not sure if you 're good ?
maybe you want to brush up on your skills ?
or maybe you want to learn some new things to impress your next or current man .
i 'm also definitely down to let ladies show off their skills for some fun maybe we can even come to some type of arrangement .
i can host in the late evenings if you 're discreet i can come to you we can meet in a car or even somewhere semi public .
do n't care if you 're attached or not i 'm really discreet .
i 'm a normal laid back and chill guy who just really loves head .
i 'm 33 white clean 6.5 inch dick that is thick .
let 's talk and exchange pics and let 's have some fun
i ate like 3 plates of noodles how am i hungry 💀
28 female white no history of stis recurrent yeast infections/bv/etc no medications non-smoker mostly non-drinker medical marijuana patient edibles only for migraines no other health concerns
i 'm dealing with a recurrent vulvar presumably sebaceous cyst and am looking for temporary strategies to keep it at bay before i can see my pcp who is also my gyno .
sorry in advance for the long post but i thought i 'd provide as much detail as possible .
about 3-4 weeks ago i noticed a very small tender lump on my right labia minora .
location-wise it was closer to my clitoral hood so i 'm pretty convinced it 's not a bartholin 's cyst .
i 'd provide a picture but it was so small you could n't see it .
i assumed it was a pimple of some sort because i 've had similar issues one or twice although not in the same spot .
a few days went by and it popped on its own .
just a bit of blood and pus but nothing major .
i did sitz baths kept the area clean and dry all was well and good .
the following week i noticed more swelling and pain in the same spot .
the cyst came back but it was much more painful this time .
i started doing sitz baths 3x a day letting the area air out applying warm compresses etc .
after 3 or 4 days of limping when i walked not being able to sit comfortably and my right labia being nearly triple the size of the left it ruptured on its own .
of course there was a lot more blood and pus than the previous time but the relief was immediate .
i kept on the sitz baths kept gauze on the area to keep everything contained as it drained and everything was back to normal ... mostly .
my partner has had cysts drained by doctors before so my understanding is that you can often feel a small lump of scar tissue or something for a while afterward sometimes forever .
it did n't hurt so i figured i 'd keep an eye on it but was n't concerned .
the lump was n't growing noticeably and i was n't in pain .
but i was using the restroom today and noticed blood .
after looking in a mirror i can see that it popped in the same exact spot again .
so i clean it up and apply gauze for the remaining drainage .
unfortunately it 's not visible at all now so pictures would n't be helpful .
now that it has happened a third time in 3-4 weeks i figure i need to see my doctor to get it surgically removed or something .
here 's my issue i 'm leaving town this friday for the holiday and i know i wo n't be able to get in before then .
i 'm supposed to be doing a lot of activities with family while i 'm away so it 's not exactly a great time to do sitz baths 3x a day and lay around with a warm compress on my crotch ya know ?
long story long is there anything i am not doing but should be to prevent it from getting massive and painful again ?
i will be making an appointment with my pcp today so i 'm just looking for tips to keep everything under control for the next week and a half .
alternatively is this something i can get taken care of at most urgent care centers ?
pas de plan pour le futur notre pays notre planète nos futurs enfants puisque avant la fin de sa vie il y aura à coup sûr le royaume céleste et on y sera tous heureux alors à quoi bon se priver maintenant pour vivre mieux plus tard ?
à ce moment elle me demande de venir chez elle pour l'empêcher de faire des cauchemars et on en profite pour porter plainte une première action avec prélèvements avait déjà été effectuée la veille d'ailleurs pour ceux qui ne savent pas ne vous lavez pas ça efface les traces .
les flics lui conseillent de consulter un psy et de voir entre autres un gynécologue pour les séquelles éventuelles et vérifier si son hymen est toujours intact .
les frères à qui elle en a parlé refusent .
quelques jours après suite à une longue discussion on passe à l'acte et effectivement l'hymen est toujours là .
i 'm a garment sewist and want to branch out to quilting .
i have an enormous bin of scraps that i want to repurpose .
does anyone have recommendations for a pattern that could use up these teensy odd scraps ?
i 'd prefer a pattern vs improv style so i can pre-cut everything and methodically stitch it together during the dreary winter months .
edited to clarify i 'm totally willing to cut up the scraps into regular shapes before stitching .
i guess i 'm hoping there 's a pattern out there that involves small squares/triangles since my scraps are n't going to have large pieces in them .
so far it seems like their work on bw3 has paid off and the unfurling went flawlessly .
they have the largest commercially operated satellite in human history now in orbit .
obviously there 's still a long way to go before they generate the revenue and value people are talking about but this was the next big milestone and they smashed it .
igpk https twitter.com/search ? q 24igpk src=cashtag_click will be marking another milestone with the 3rd qtr filing this week .
it marks the first time a filing states the igpk https twitter.com/search ? q 24igpk src=cashtag_click is not a shell .
is fastpass a waste if there are vip tickets ?
i bought vip tix for the nyc show and we had a good number system going without livenation's/venue 's help .
as we approached the door opening time i think livenation/venue staff were putting the fastpass users for ga in the front which would 've upset many vip folks who arrived first .
there was def some confusion for a bit but eventually the ga fastpass members were moved to the ga line .
so for those who bought fastpass did you get prioritized in the ga line or did it not matter ?
if fastpass had no factor were you able to get a refund ?
asking because i bought ga+fastpass for nemophila in march before they put the vip tix for sale .
i 'd want to get a refund for the fastpass if it means nothing again when there will be a vip line .
over 1400 skins at least one for each champion 101k blue essence .
if you are interested https www.playerauctions.com/lol-account/186889119a ! all-skins-stacked-all-prestiges-unranked-300-chrom https www.playerauctions.com/lol-account/186889119a ! all-skins-stacked-all-prestiges-unranked-300-chrom
i 've got a big thick white dick and i want to play with some naughty girls .
like asian black or latina but you do n't have to be .
love teens but any age is fine just be legal please .
maybe you 're curious about someone bigger than your man maybe you want to get back at him or maybe you just ca n't resist the temptation of a big cock and want to have some fun .
if you 're tempted by this send me a pm or chat to play
i was watching homecoming king a couple of days ago and it was pretty nice .
i think what happened was that hasan fluctuated between forgiving stephanie her real name bethany and not doing it and i felt really mad.i 'm a south asian guy and like i 've had white women say that they would n't date me .
i 've turned 26 so i 'm only six ?
years younger than hasan so it 's kind of a big deal for me .
i also had a look at stephanie 's profile and history and realized she was just acting like she was progressive by marrying another indian guy.but she never really changed anymore of her behavior .
i 'm dating a few women semi-seriously right now but in both examples we 're not sure if it was going to go further .
and i ca n't help but think or wonder if white guys deal with this situation.i guess i have complicated feelings on this and i wanted to simply air them out here .
i really do not know what to say but i wanted to talk about it.i grew up in austaustralia nd twenty years ago it was pretty racist .
stephanie bethany is a mixture of half a dozen female classmates i had .
but dam does it not mess with me a little.i guess i wanted to talk a bit more and would like some help on this .
does anyone own superman vs lobo by tim seeley ?
i want to buy it but i 'm just very curious about its cover under the dust jacket .
the bible says that even the righteous will be only scarcely saved and that the way is narrow and few there be that find it .
if god loves us and wants us to join with him then why did he make salvation so difficult ?
i 've suddenly come into some money so i decided to buy a mansion and hire a full staff .
the staff will manage the house while i see to the day to day activities of guests and employees .
the company i hired you all from has a strict no fraternizing policy but as people we all ignore it .
season 2 finale of digimon last world is tonight at 8pm est .
come join us and see how the dysfunctional group will be after such a hard defeat on twitch .
if you find it interesting go watch our previous sessions on spotify or youtube .
my bf and i have been together for a looonnngg time and been thru a lot we have always wanted a baby of our own and now i 'm pregnant with our first .
the thing is i thought this was going to be different like him wanting to feel our son wanting to say goodnight to him in the womb etc .
and it 's been the exact opposite almost like he gets annoyed with me at drs appts he does n't want to touch my belly if it 's not immediately kicking i just feel like an idiot and am now guessing if he 's even going to care about the baby when he gets here
you want guns taken away from the american people because it boils down to this cynical sentiment that your fellow americans ca n't be trusted .
but at the same time you entrust the government with the responsibility of implementing this .
if so what makes them better than americans outside of the government ?
or what kind of training/transformation they have to undergo which transitions them into superior americans ?
if a private american citizen messed up he injures at most 2 or 3 other people with accidental discharge of firearms .
if an office holder made a mistake millions could suffer .
no liberal so far was able to explain how they trust one group of americans but not the other .
some did argue that government worker are in general better educated and trained to which i retorted even those at the dmv ? ''
and i then asked them if they want to impose this education or income based gun regulation scheme where phds who make 500,000 a year get to horde tons of guns whereas a ged holder who makes 30,000 a year must be disarmed .
how many people will speak on db 's behalf at sentencing ?
i mostly spend my life indoors dont go any social events .
currently living in london zone 2 i like to buy a house but london expensive and not sure to spend 700k to million for a house .
i checked small cities but my biggest concerns are if they are secure and they usually looks like deprived neighbourhood .
i have been seeing alot of arguments in between who wins due to the fact that deku doesnt have magic so asta isnt able to use his main source of power against him but theres one thing that people are leaving out
in the recent chapters asta got sent to yamis old island were they use ki instead of magic and asta has been fighting ichika yamis sis this whole time trying to get the whole thing of ki since well he cant use anti magic on her also in the chapters he started off ass basically getting thrown around by her but ha sslowly been getting used to it and can actually start doing things about so my point is even without his anti magic he can very much still fight ppl who dont use magic let alone deku who is very very slow compared to asta and far less durable .
in my country it will be released on november 18 .
i will buy it for my birthday because nobody will give it to me 🤣
you say weight does n't make you good at fighting but are you really suggesting that a 300 lbs person getting punched in the arm and a 100 lbs person getting punched in the arm does the same damage ?
does n't the person with 150 lbs of excess fat have a lot more cushioning ?
i 've come to learn that i need the hex grenades and the bloodletter mod class with the transformer shield and the deathless artefact .
i have no idea how we my son and i got this far by just playing .
we did n't even look at the class mods and just used to sell them !
i just want to get strong enough to kill wotan and the slaughterstar3000 bosses .
so i think i 'm guna go for cutsman sand hawk or dictator brainstormer and recursion .
i basically want to ensure i complete all game missions and the one free dlc mission maliwan takedown .
as i 've mentioned i 've figured out a moze build with the wonderful help of others now trying to work out a zane build for my son .
all clad would be ideal but wal mart has a line called tramontina that cooks illustrated rated a good buy .
and is n't coco the most heart-melting character in the whole cannon ?
super all the babies and puppies are cute but i really think mama coco is the cutest character in the whole disney stables .
one of my dudes is gay and he is always saying female anatomy disgusts him not in those words lol !
this show lost so many contestants on the beach and treated those who did n't leave on their own so poorly that they 'll never be back like flo and rick .
i doubt they 'll treat contestants better in the future ... the end of this franchise is imminent and i 'm here for it
it looks indeed very complex i 'm now going with a similar approach .
i recently attached a modded thinclient to my printer below the tray in a self designed housing which slides into the right v-slots .
this thinclient is running octoprint with a power drain of about 4w under load .
as it has a couple of usb ports i bought the following light strip on amazon https www.amazon.de/gp/product/b0b2k5fz8z/ref=ppx\_yo\_dt\_b\_asin\_title\_o01\_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 https www.amazon.de/gp/product/b0b2k5fz8z/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o01_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 usb powered dimmable and remote controlled which fits nicely within the v-slots.but i forgot to buy some connectors to go around the edges as i also want the light to come down from the top.atm it looks like a mess and my printer is partly disassembled but the connectors should arrive tomorrow .
i think i will make a short post here on reddit of how i 've done it in the end .
but your post inspired me to do it like this
if my spouse did that to my parents i 'd be the first one in line to tell him to shut up .
sure damage your expensive car and rack up some charges and earn a civil suit sounds smart !
what is this sorcery riding no hands on a slack bike ? ? ?
i ca n't even think about letting go without the front wheel wanting to flop over .
i was never a big standard player by any means but i think limited and draft specifically might be a good substitute .
it offers you the chance to try new cards and usually offers some pretty diverse archetypes .
i totally get how this may not be what you 're looking for though as it does n't have that constructed element of fine tuning .
oh ... see now you 're on my turf ... primary sort in the old pardee ...
you are only meant to lodge a complaint with afca once your dispute with the bank is resolved or it is greater than 45 days from lodging the dispute .
the op has n't even lodged a dispute they 've just asked to recall the funds .
and the bank is n't even at fault op made a mistake what is afca gon na do ?
stands for ‘young professional ' so basically people in their late 20s with a good starting job
i 'd breed you but i think your cock should be locked up so it ca n't get in the way of us using you
it was a game where we could have won 2-0 or 2-1 but actually the players got tired i guess and played a draw against kosovo .
so yeah it was a match where it went very back and forth .
then i realized that i had to drastically cut portion sizes to see a significant change in weight .
now if i try to further cut portion sizes i just end up feeling very hungry by the end of the day .
i do n't know if i 'll ever break my current plateau .
i have been told that i need to lose 10 kilos to reach a normal bmi and despite losing 26 kilos the final goal seems so far away .
se eu n me engano no servidor do discord do youtuber playraymon que é um youtuber de rpg que faz videos sobre ordem tem uma aba pra revisão de fichas onde vc pode postar sua ficha e tbm um pdf editavel de uma ficha automatica q calcula coisas como defesa e dt de rituais automaticamente e tbm tem como desativar a função automática .
i only average down i am contrarian and a falling knife catcher .
if it goes up i sell usually way too early or just too early .
when people are practically begging you in ad after ad to buy their gold because apparently cash is stupid you know it 's probably a terrible idea to buy gold .
has that movie the scene where the guy is cut in 2 parts by the window ?
i 've been with mine at the end they deserve that .
however i 've had to leave the building while one would get his nails trimmed .
apparently pugs are known for screaming but my bawling ass would n't have ever been a comfort .
i did watch/hold a few times and determined he was n't being tortured .
being overrated and being overhyped are different things right ?
bc i think most of us see bt as great budget whisky and terrible second tier whisky .
it 's exactly what it is marketed to be and the hype beast market has made it more than that
i 've always had her use swords or daggers in luct so i am gon na be positively wild and let her whip it up this time .
if a girl compliments my shoes let alone a cold approach it would make my life
there is always a positive side to be found .
the general consensus about kd will probably be much more favorable in 20 years that 's generally how it works .
i actually would dislike a mixture of different maps .
for example fracture is the event name not the season name so i 'm hoping for whole new map with all new poi 's
a colleague of mine made the equivalent of like 25/hour working at spacex with a graduate engineering degree lol
but if i make a shared folder on my nuc and sets the ip from the rj45 usb dongle to the same as the ps2 it should work ?
u get a shit ton of money later on if u pay now or u can get good morality later but i picked the cash
saying all they want is you and saying that to everyone is a lot and is pretty on brand for a monarch .
what is everyone 's cpu usage for window server at idle ?
her doing her manic glares at moses when he 's walking on eggshells talking about their relationship was awful she does n't take her beady eyes off him .
remember you 're asking the question of how do i get more matches .
i was so down to try with you and this answer shows you have no interest in being more attractive to a woman .
literally cut your hair go to the gym and fix the beard .
you 'll do so much better but you want simeon to like you the way you are ?
i suggest finding some public dnd things or something like that .
is the way recruiting run measured by the amount of offers you make in a week ?
i 'd double check that the las cannon ca n't be targeted .
the commander may be the only model that benefits from lookout sir but i 'm not sure .
yes original biographical screenplays are eligible to be submitted to nicholl .
as the other poster stated the script can not be an adaptation .
as with all historical scripts to be submitted to the nicholl fellowships it has to be researched and based on multiple sources .
i feel like she would n't match that well with tom hollands face they look like they 're from different era 's
frankly i do n't think the game earned anything but a pessimistic outlook .
it 's not a happy game people are terrible all the time and always make the worst and pettiest decisions possible .
it flashes violence at every corner and the moment of catharsis it offers do n't always connect with what 's happening around at the time even if in a vacuum they 're very well written .
taking that ending as hopeful or bittersweet requires you to ignore a lot that has happened throughout the game .
i do n't like making comparisons but since it 's the only way i can think of explaining my view without making a 5000 characters essay imagine if berserk replaced a great deal of it 's moments of reflection and slower arcs to give room for guts ' development for action scenes or even more moments of suffering for guts .
it runs twice as long than its predecessor and it seems to have even less moments of respite by the end i 'm exhausted and desensitized and i honestly ca n't take any positive message from it .
i know that this is far from the consensus but i ca n't change how i felt by the time the credits rolled .
when i die he can use by body to make a cyborg to fight on ...
en nglois what is the difference between a yoghurt and the united states ?
if you let a yoghurt alone 200 years it will develop a culture ''
please remember that all ratings must be a number between 1 and 10 .
any comment that is not just a number between 1 10 will be removed
users who give consistently low ratings will be banned .
if you do n't like pussies that 's fine just go somewhere else .
we 're all here to have fun so do n't ruin someone else 's by being a dick .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemypussy if you have any questions or concerns .
no nahida is ackchually 500 years old ! ! ! 1 ! ! 1 ! ! !
it 's difficult to come up with a game focused on heightening since it requires you to have an unusual thing which you heighten and trying to discover and frame the unusual thing before you heighten is challenging for novice improvisers i want a game/exercise that helps us practice specifically the heightening .
2 amazon also shows good reviews of mike chappel cism book .
anyone here had their 2 declared as a lemon or are in the process of doing so ?
from the polls here it seems like a majority of owners do n't experience any issues however i do have them with the tcam .
if it just lost cellular gps i 'd be mostly okay with it annoying for a 60k car but no hardship .
but for whatever reason we also lose the ability to change the ac charge rate and the battery charge limit .
i 've got a road trip planned here with my car stuck at 90 refusing to go up to 100 .
i 'm sure the team has gotten a barrage of nitpicks in the past 48 hours during which they 've already pushed two app updates .
but i 'm stunned by the detail and the fact that this was working for me on both mobile and desktop on day 1 .
have you messed with the rivian lucid polestar or tesla configurator ?
i slept a long time and got up a few minutes ago .
and also hopefully will get approved for disability in the future .
my dads best friend he told me as long as i keep doing good that good things will work itself out and go towards me .
continue to pray for me for things to work out for me .
in the future i wan na either work someplace or get approved for disability for mental illness .
i just realize i have mental illness and the disability will be a way to get income for myself .
i put my deck on its tv dock plugged in and left it there for about 2 weeks .
when i came back to use it the screen on the deck itself remains black if i am trying to use it in handheld mode .
i have been talking to steam support and it feels like they are just trying to do everything except ask me to send it in .
i 've tried everything they suggest and nothing has worked .
the fan goes on and the touch pads works fine i can feel them working .
when i have it plugged into a tv i can use the tv screen and it feels like everything is working great .
the only issue is in portable mode because the screen wo n't turn on .
in my most recent response to the support person i asked them to allow me to send it in .
has anyone had this issue with their deck before ?
the little exposed wound does n't hurt that much .
but the bump above it 's the size of a quarter and it 's unbelievably painful ...
so i do n't know much about this bike .
looks like brand is iron horse and logo has a cactus on it and says made in taiwan .
the sticker on top tube says ‘zebra islander ' i think that says zebra in cursive .
it has a sturmey archer aw 3 speed hub .
ca n't find much online about this bike any info would be greatly appreciated !
click for black friday verizon iphone 11 https rotf.lol/354h9pr8 .
to get started simply visit the website and find the perfect black friday 2022 coupon promo code or discount deals .
i 'm thinking about it but not sure if it 's worth it .
how do you derive the manufacture date off the asus rog laptops ?
can i do anything significant or have any real potential if i start getting into table tennis at the age of 21 ?
is starting early on a big factor in how far you can go ?
download the outer worlds game https pc-tools.answercult.com/the 20outer 20worlds 20game
the outer worlds is an award-winning single-player first-person sci-fi rpg from obsidian entertainment and private division .
lost in transit while on a colonist ship bound for the furthest edge of the galaxy you awake decades later only to find yourself in the midst of a deep conspiracy threatening to destroy the halcyon colony .
as you explore the furthest reaches of space and encounter various factions all vying for power the character you decide to become will determine how this player-driven story unfolds .
in the corporate equation for the colony you are the unplanned variable .
in keeping with the obsidian tradition how you approach the outer worlds is up to you .
your choices affect not only the way the story develops but your character build companion stories and end game scenarios .
new to the outer worlds is the idea of flaws .
a compelling hero is made by the flaws they carry with them .
while playing the outer worlds the game tracks your experience to find what you are n't particularly good at .
taking the raptiphobia flaw gives you a debuff when confronting the vicious creatures but rewards you with an additional character perk immediately .
this optional approach to the game helps you build the character you want while exploring halcyon .
during your journey through the furthest colony you will meet a host of characters who will want to join your crew .
armed with unique abilities these companions all have their own missions motivations and ideals .
it 's up to you to help them achieve their goals or turn them to your own ends .
halcyon is a colony at the edge of the galaxy owned and operated by a corporate board .
they control everything ... except for the alien monsters left behind when the terraforming of the colony 's two planets did n't exactly go according to plan .
find your ship build your crew and explore the settlements space stations and other intriguing locations throughout halcyon .
processor intel core i3-3225 or amd phenom ii x6 1100t
the post the outer worlds game https www.robertdee.info/the-outer-worlds-game appeared first on rd gaming https www.robertdee.info .
for exchange online i have a colleague that 's writing a script to automate the login then creation and download of a pst file for users that have left .
when the script is ran when user sign in is used microsoft 's sign in dialog popup it works .
however when a certificate login is used we receive the error below when the script gets to the start-compliance search .
again this part is completely functional when a regular sign in is used but breaks when we successfully connect via a certificate method .
does anyone come across this or knows its some sort of limitation etc ?
ps h start-compliancesearch identity searchname unable to execute the task .
reason compliance search initialization for fred pst export '' failed with exception object reference not set to an instance of an object.. categoryinfo writeerror compliancejobtaskexception fullyqualifiederrorid server=dm8nam11ws012 requestid=d63c0a6-7f5b-44ad-b98a-984430e74a91 timestamp=11/21/2022 4:01:09 pm failur ecategory=cmdlet-compliancejobtaskexception d8a21e6 pscomputername nam11b.ps.compliance.protection.outlook.com
are there any recommendations for a pecan pie that is n't a sickly sweet jiggle jiggle topped with mushy pecan halves ?
i 've tried the goode's/specs/hop/heb 's and they are all pretty mid to low .
howdy i 'm an electrical engineering that has for the past 3 semesters tried and failed to get into engl 210 .
i emailed my advisor to see what could be done and he suggested i take an equivalency course online during the winter break .
does anyone have any suggestions for which college i should take it .
online is preferred but i live about in seguin tx about an hour away from san antonio so a physical location close by would also be awesome .
was speicherplatz betrifft habe ich eine 2tb externe ssd also nicht so tragisch denke ich .
edit hab das genaue budget vergessen bin bereit auf ca 800 zu gehen .
also falls jemand laptops als vorschlag hat dann auch bitte gerne her damit .
has anyone here experienced using a gma instead of upgrading their main panel ?
tesla is going back and forth with me on whether they can do that anymore .
i 've been playing 3rd person a lot more than regular br and dmz
it just feels so refreshing playing cod this way and it also seems less sweaty to me
visit for costco black friday dyson v11 https rotf.lol/2p95pjwf .
this link provides a regularly updated list of black friday 2022 coupons promo codes and discount deals .
the bits with the crumbling towers are some of the most jank and infuriating level design .
i am a beginner in the blockchain oracle programming .
a and b want to make a bet of 1eth based on the results of the senate election in the midterm election .
suppose the oracle provider is x and there are currently 10,000 full nodes in ethereum network .
a and b transferred 1eth to the smartcontract respectively .
now the smartontract has to transfer 2eth to a .
in this case if the smartcontract which is deployed to all nodes asks x each there will be about 10,000 communication requests .
there is also a risk of different responses to 10,000 requests .
i would appreciate it if anyone could let me know the site that has an answer about this problem .
in my opinion it is desirable for the miner/validator node to contact x once and let the rest of the nodes/smartcontracts follow the results .
i want to test the microsoft intune 's encrypt mobile on a virtual andriod .
however when i try to do the encrypt tablet in my virtual android it shows plug in your charger and try again with the encrypt tablet button dimmed .
even i 've encrypted the virtualbox disk it does not resolve the issue .
i ca n't figure out to locate a tower on cellmapper .
could someone that knows how to use the site better than me find this cgi 151165451. supposedly near weaverville nc .
my max lvl mine just vanish ... maybe i sell it but i am pretty sur i didn't..
anyway i now have no mine ca n't do quest..
do you know if i can do anything about that ?
edit i believe i 've narrowed it down to ram dimm failure .
this has happened completely out of the blue and i 've not a clue why .
whenever i use my computer for more than 5 minutes does n't matter what task it will happen at idle as well my monitors will both go black and my cpu fan only the cpu fan will rev to max rpm .
i can not use my pc at this point attempting to turn on my monitors will result in no signal and i must turn off or restart my pc .
i have not touched the parts in this pc for at least four months nor have i relocated it or changed its method of power delivery .
i have not overclocked anything so i can not imagine it is a voltage problem i even disabled xmp just to make sure has n't changed anything .
i am not thermal throttling i idle at 49°c and max at 70°c under load .
my pc is borderline unusable at the moment and i can not find a replication of this issue from anyone else .
hi there .. so i filled the form i290b myself after a denial over a birth certificate ...
i could n't afford a lawyer since my work situation changed ... and i 'm just wondering does anyone else did it themselves ?
or i 'm just screwed i applied for motion to reopen by the way .
when i tell you this book is fucking hilarious i mean it no but seriously this book is amazing at first it 's chaotic no idea what 's going on and it 's funny as shit but soon you realize that there is so much more to the plot than you thought the facial expressions in this book is everything it 's amazing you will binge read this and you will want more i am telling you this book literally is amazing it 's just fucking hilarious there 's so many plot twist and the plot is literally so amazing there it 's just so much to this book please please read this book it 's exceptional
edward craven walker the creator of the lava lamp was a pioneering naturist who filmed 3 movies 1959 's traveling lights 1961 's sunswept and 1963 's eves on skis .
he also created his own naturist club the bournemouth and district outdoor club in 1965 .
i just found out that there is a 2.0 version of this product .
i 'm looking for women who are comfortable filming in order to try and please me .
i may ask you to answer some naughty interview questions take part in cheeky challenges or bring my dirty fantasies to life .
for example you could be my stepdaughter niece sister in law boss neighbour etc .
the roles are limitless and depend on your look character and clothing options .
i 'm looking for women who are willing to please rather than submissive women.i am 28 and am open to any and all who 'd like to play !
if you 'd like to please then message me the answer to this question which outfit do you look best in ? ''
hint i love uniforms sports clothes and anything that 's tight
normally i 'm not into amigurumi but i needed a little friend for my works desk
here are the volcano ecigs black friday deals in 2022 https bit.ly/3aow0ql .
by using the black friday 2022 promo coupon codes or discount deals from this website you can save money on your next purchase .
i got hired for christmas to help do i also get 50 off the products ?
saying that the narcissist just does n't get it '' .
but then i think about it for a second and then i realize i 've met a lot of people a bit on the slower side either intellectually or emotionally that are kind as can be .
i think being a bit on the slower side can in certain circumstances make a person be slightly more prone to narcissism since it 's probably not as easy for them to see healthy alternatives growing up in a toxic family .
but at the same time struggling to think far ahead can also make you take simple strong choices where you do n't consider the negative effects for you in doing so .
so you actually take better choices than people who are quicker to think .
so in conclusion i do n't think low eq or iq is neither an explanation or a valid excuse for being narcissistic .
it 's an emotional pattern not necessarily connected to lack of intelligence or eq .
although the choices a narcissist takes is not particularly compassionate .
i think it 's more connected to emotions turning dark so whatever skills they have attained it 's used against other people .
stuck anger from childhood is a much more relevant topic than what the narcissist could and can and their abilities .
it can be said that narcissism hampers development of at least emotional intelligence .
i think it also affects problem solving capability because most problems are n't exclusively logical .
emotional intelligence is actually used in solving most problems even logical ones .
so a person that 's shut off from their innermost vulnerability will lack a lot in the creativity department which is needed for logical challenges as well .
so it 's not really about innate ability but development .
and that development has more to do with environment and the dynamic the narcissist engages in the choices they take and the effect from that than something to do with genes .
lets get it new season of fall guys is here https twitch.tv/diigibyte
the protagonist is male and is a in a world where people are somewhat infected their skins turns grey and they want to touch you and turn you into them .
i 've been trying to find this for years to no avail .
hello i recently flew to munich to start my masters program at tum and am currently staying in freising .
i 've been trying for a while to contact the auslaenderamt to get my residence permit but they have n't replied to my emails or phone calls until finally i was able to reach someone who said she 'd send me the required form to fill and send back .
after the call i was talking to a friend of mine who pointed out that my visa ends 31st of december and i need a fiktionsbescheinigung becasue the residence will take time to be processed .
my question is do i need to excplicitly ask for that document or is it something that they will issue and send to me because my visa will run out soon ?
let 's create a thread where we can discuss thew data breached of 2022 and discuss the learning from them .
i 'm using debian bullseye on a thinkpad p1 with the kernel and firmware from backports since wifi did n't work with the ones from stable .
kernel 6.0 was released to backports recently and that broke the nvidia and audio drivers .
i also noticed that the nvidia driver in backports is currently older than the one in stable .
any idea if and when backports will be updated to fix this ?
the constant pressing and playmaking he provides will come through in the middle if there is n't a breakthrough from either sides early on .
sorry we require a minimum karma amount to post on r/sissyinspiration .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sissyinspiration if you have any questions or concerns .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/ub2d4ykazd1a1.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
i have a family member like this and she literally does this on purpose cause she has 3 weight loss surgeries and now think she is elle woods lol
a isto tako može živjeti još 20 godina i kao penzioner će ovisiti o državnoj politici .
if the husband was in here complaining he wanted an open marriage but his wife did n't let him i would tell him it 's his fault .
to man up and take charge of his life .
r/largemilkers is all about large milkers and it appears that this submission does not contain tits or milkers .
please feel free to make another submission as long as it contains tits or milkers .
edit i found some info do n't know how accurate it is
it was a fight that took place in a middle school the boy who got the seizure had minor head trauma and a concussion .
she is destined to be a blow job on our anniversary only future wife to some poor bastard
like sure do n't leave food out in scorching heat but i 've left cooked food out overnight in my apartment and eat it again constantly .
we do n't understand where food comes from how it 's made and signs of spoilage .
food labels and all these food safety things are put in place as sort of mental shortcuts which we 've just become accustomed to .
being good at basketball does n't prevent someone from being stupid neither does being wealthy .
thanks for exactly spelling out the difference in how i feel about the sorted production vs the war livestream .
sorted still has their whole seasons of pass it on separate from their livestreams they 're an extra not the final piece of something .
the show is an actual show at a live venue in london in addition to a pass it on which costs a fair bit so i can understand the extra cost .
the same cost for war is n't something i can understand .
i can only afford one probably i 'll have to see closer if i actually can afford it so i 'm going with sorted .
edit also the time difference between the uk/usa makes watching american livestreams pretty difficult anyway but i have made the effort in the past .
that 's exactly why i had doubts over the constitution part .
prague one of the best cities in the world imo though salzburg is more practical
i do n't known honestly i thought it was easiest from having watches with it but id love to hear any suggestions on a better clasp
et3 was only above average for the ravens then he had other issues ...
in the states generally for a family of four for the best care i would pay 50k or so a year some copays add another 5k .
i do n't think canada fully realizes where this is going .
this is literally no way to prevent anyone from joining this or any other group .
episode 6 is the most tense i 've felt watching tv since true detectives s1 continuous shot biker gang scene .
waiting for the other shoes to drop for thirty minutes .
that 's why people take their windows machines to a repair guy '' when they have issues .
i ca n't wait for tomorrow these episodes were so good !
alright since you 're already getting roasted to the extreme here i just wanted to say with all sincerity thank you for posting this video .
learning from your mistakes is important and learning without major injury is even better but learning from other people 's mistakes is the best .
this is a great example of what not to do .
fwiw i hope you do n't actually think being under x rank makes you bad .
rocket league is such a unique game with mechanics that do n't carry over from many other games if any .
everyone has to start somewhere and some people just naturally pick it up faster .
it 's a huge shame that smurfs ruin the game but do n't let em get to you !
watch more sexy schoolgirl videos horny school girls compilation www.schoolgirlsclips.store
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/schoolgirlsxxx if you have any questions or concerns .
the game eats cpus for breakfast unfortunately stuck at an unstable 30fps on a 1070/3600x unless i use dynamic resolution
some older relatives in my family will point out how much skin women today show but it looks on par with many of the women in these photographs .
half of these outfits are something my girlfriend would wear today .
meph the maintainer of masterwork is waiting for the stream release to update the masterwork mod .
i 'm not unaware of how much he 's played or rather how little he 's played .
and again i agree with you that some ahl reps could be a good thing .
i think the biggest hurdle rn is that he 's currently the next man up if there is an injury or a slump .
he 's been very good at the ahl level and is n't really going to be playing through mistakes there .
on the flip side he 's been meh at best at the nhl level but this is n't a development league and the leafs are playing to win this year not support a rookie through some early career growing pains .
the other other side lol is that the kid is n't kadri or nylander both of whom were top 10 picks and highly touted long before a breakout d+1 season .
they also were n't trying to break into a team as good as the leafs currently are .
i fee for the kid he 's in a tough spot and on a shitty team he 'd likely be playing every game .
but the reality of the situation is he has n't been good enough to force keefe 's hand yet he 's been too good in the ahl to make the mistakes he needs to make to learn and grow from .
so you 've come to realise that this life is much more valuable than you previously thought good for you !
the scariest part of there not being life after death is living in a society where the vast majority believe there is life after death .
but you ca n't waste too much time worrying about that .
just try to make it a positive experience for yourself and as many others as you can .
because they all only have this one life as well even though sadly most of them do n't live like they do
the field was fucking awful and everyone else seems to see it .
but when i first read just the title of this i thought oh yeah anyone who gives the silent treatment is the asshole
no you 're not the asshole for sure ! !
weight goal lose 2lb to take me to slightly less than my highest ever weight 💀
there 's probably not enough actual cocoa in it to make the dogs sick but the high fructose corn syrup wo n't do them any good either .
ottoman units are strong in the first half of the game early to mid game but weaker in the second half mid to late game .
also you may have more discipline higher morale or higher tactics level .
destroy their smaller armies and only attack their larger armies if you have a clear advantage .
only take fights when you are sure you can win .
also if you have allies you can call them in to distract their armies while you siege down their forts .
it may be difficult to defeat them but it 's far from impossible .
i mean you are also one of the strongest nations in the game so it 's a fair fight .
i did use that language but in a manner that was not vindictive but playful .
there was one night i messaged a friend of theirs due to them threatening to take a bunch of melatonin and drink a lot of alcohol and i was really scared because i did n't want to lose my first friend .
i 'm sorry you have a hateful heart but i would never tell him to actually do that .
i stayed his friend because i was worried he would actually do it .
swear to god feels like an activision dude loves fucking shit up just to mess with us
you love to see it man metroid is underrated af imo
somehow there are a lot of argentina and brazil fans in kerela .
i am telling you if there was an argentine vs brazil in west bengal state of india there would actually be riots and people would be killed .
i 'll add em but that 's just a really beautiful gi you 've got .
love the colour and pattern on the collar as well as your touch .
edit they no longer sell that gi but i found some other cool ones nonetheless .
so many bosses i 've had have helped me advance in my career .
i see too many fans dwelling on these losses and trying to make excuses .
the team played liked shit and there is nothing anyone can do about it .
yeah my phone is still under payments with a trade in through vz so i had to upgrade a different way .
couldnt take 14 months of ios 16 and its bugs .
we are very much a state of immigrants we welcomed many bosnian refugees in the 90s and we have a huge carribean population as well as a polish one and our indian population is growing significantly .
i 'm not sure if our southeast asian population is quite as big but you 'll definitely be welcomed as an immigrant here !
saw something like that on the go train once .
the train was fairly empty but there about a dozen people on the top floor where we were and there were these two younger-looking lesbians making out pretty heavy a few seats down the aisle .
i think whoa that 's too much pda '' and ignore it as i 'm with some friends and we 're shooting the shit .
i had the aisle seat facing the lesbians ' direction and when my friends ' convo tapers off i happen to glance back in the girls ' direction and one in the window seat has her hand down her partner 's pants finger-blasting her .
it 'd be clear as day to anyone who walked by or looked at the scene as the one getting fingered is in the aisle seat and they made little attempt to conceal what they were doing .
i lean over to my friend 's gf and tell her what 's going on behind her a few rows down and she takes a peak looks back at me and does her best to stifle bursting out in laughter before telling her bf and our other friend who each take a peak .
the girls keep making out and groping each other for another 10 minutes until the next station stop is announced on the loudspeakers and people prepare to get off the train .
my friends and i get up to leave the train and my friend 's gf stops next to the lesbians whispers to them thanks for the show '' and we all give them a thumb 's up .
the girls ' faces just dropped absolutely mortified as my friends and i stepped off the train laughing our asses off .
also now i am wishing i had n't murdered the picasos
there was a post here the other day about foley and how many top superstars from the attitude era and slightly after were elevated or at least reinvigorated because of him .
hhh the rock orton edge and taker all benefited so much from the feuds with him .
i 'd definitely have him as the third choice in this .
i would think that a range of great people to absolute assholes drive them just like most cars .
no one is going to just sit there and let someone pummel them to death unless they 're severely incapacitated inebriated or unconscious .
even if they 're not fighting back they 're going to put up their hands to try and deflect the blows .
or get up and try to run away to get away from the person attacking them .
it 's very clear in the video that shanquella was incapacitated .
whether it was from being drugged or alcohol or maybe they 'd beaten her into near unconsciousness before they started recording .
but it 's offensive that you 're implying shanquella chose not to fight back when it 's very clear from the video that she was unable to fight back .
give yourself the same grace you would give a loved one .
i think it 's under the 3 options where you can send power and water over roads .
should be directly under a button that says unlock 25 areas or something like that .
if it 's the right mod i 'm thinking of .
and it should be as powerful or more powerful than the nagant precision seeing as that 's a medium weapon .
it 's not a good time investment for me to play it myself .
defamation is n't protected by any country as far as i know .
nederland zal wel beter moeten gaan voetballen dan vandaag .
gelukkig begonnen we in 2010 ook niet echt geweldig ...
while i agree with what your saying the fact of the matter is 2k matchmaking is terrible when it comes to rec .
there is no reason why their should be guys that are 7”2 and above being matched on the same team .
i have a stretch center and rarely play down low all game with the exception of playing anyone under 6”10 with no strength .
and even then if i 'm not camping in the paint .
then usually the pf sf sg and yes even the pg will be trying to post up all game .
and i get the benefits of the stretch is to pull the opposing center out of the paint .
but that just turns into one of the guards just trying to drive and dunk on everyone .
and that 's even when the other teams center is camping in the paint leaving me wide open for an open 3
yea it just evolved into the g36 which i guess they could add
now you have more wisdom for your next purchase .
hilft mir tatsächlich am meisten aber bin noch nie mit 0h schlaf nüchtern in die vorlesung .
it did n't seem like you understood the person on the right was playing a character in your first comment .
despite what they accuse others of many of these people keep getting caught on pedophilia charges .
my birthday was yesterday and i spent it alone .
me my sister and my dad share a vodafone red together subscription .
since we also have a plan with ziggo they give us a whopping 200 gb per month albeit shared .
i have used my hotspot/data even for evenings of online gaming frankly quite recklessly and i think even with uses like that we consumed max 50 gb with the three of us .
i 'm not sure how expensive it is to get for just the one person but honestly it 's great not having to care with a true unlimited '' amount and they definitely give you enough without needing extra texts or such .
i 'm a nurse and a patient and family said that i made them feel the best they could while in the hospital on the eve of thanksgiving .
for some reason that hit different and made me feel like i actually help people sometimes .
you could have pre-set categories they can choose from .
and will we be able to add missing movies ?
napoli was like a dytopian movie when i visited .
trash everywhere as it was during a strike and i almost got run over by a car going the opposite way on a one way street .
to make matters worse the italian dude made it a point to scream at me for getting in his way .
pokemon unbound checks all those boxes it even has an awesome ost unique story !
my old laptop would sometimes completely lock up due to an outdated network adapter driver .
in your opinion is the spectre ltd. ws-mcr sa 5.56 a reliable rifle ?
to be fair unsw canberra offers a bachelor of computing and cyber security which seems like exactly what op wants .
i may be biased but it 's a really good course and gives balance between each and is structured in a good way
your perspective does need a bit of work here but others have covered this with you .
is n't the whole problem jae does n't want to come off the bench ?
not trying to complain or anything but this is what i experienced
i have a friend that would have loved this when their kid was born !
hopefully life does n't turn too fast or that camper is coming off .
i 'm not arguing you with you when there 's barely any information available in your post about what happened .
right or wrong i was pointing out that your screenshots do n't actually make her sound like a horrible animal owner .
damn my algo rewards gon na hit like a gift towards the eoy
honestly the game holds up surprisingly well for what it is and to this day is still gathering new players and thus stays supported .
graphically it 's rough but the basics are there and there 's mods and if it 's still up a full modpack to bring the quality up to a level that looks pretty damned good .
from that point you just have to get your mind past the thought of my sword went right through and did no damage '' and start thinking of it as a 3d version of a tabletop rpg .
people who say that 's a bad roll must not actually play the game just trade stuff .
i have those and this and to me this is more op .
she is attempting to demasculate him by calling him a female name .
by doing that she 's calling him a homophobic slur without actually saying it .
well this is the part that 's interesting sometimes you do n't .
once a piece of art is stolen its likely forged a good theif and forger could make a few copies sell them all and male bank as the buyers would likely never talk to each other .
im some cases like the mona lisa there are questions if it 's the origonal or a copy on display .
does n't matter what game i 'm playing graphics does this to all of them .
this looser does n't have a bunch of friends that will come roll and watch instructionals in his mat room ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/busty_asians if you have any questions or concerns .
havent watched uruguay play in a while but feels so odd to see them without muslera in goal
i live in the usa and i do n't think we have that option
personally i would take finney-smith or green kleber dinwiddie and either 1 unprotected 1st or 2 protected 1st for simmons and harris .
but realistically simmons is the most important player in this team aside from kd and yuta .
he is exceptional in setting up his teammates for easy 3s and he is good at defense .
you 're obviously going to get more yes than no here cuz its literally a subreddit for the game but the ratio of no 's does concern me
i have 4 or 5 from your list i can give you in return reply with code if you want !
your post or comment was removed because it was not an antique .
the proper definition is something that is 100 years old .
here we give a lot of leeway on what is an antique to encourage people to share their items but your item is just not old enough .
try r/mid_century r/collectables or somewhere on this list https www.reddit.com/r/antiques/wiki/related instead .
it is when people are saying shops mean it 's easy to always have plates
if you go around telling everybody about your sex life it 's either non excistent or it 's lame .
not saying you 're wrong but the s p was down 25 ytd about a month ago .
y'all really cheering on someone who is literally doing less than the bare minimum in his 40 's ? ?
it 's reading comments and trying to appease ppl bcuz chantal is gone which is maybe more vile than letting that trash accumulate for a year in the first place😒
jij bent het blijkbaar niet met me eens maar onderbouwd vervolgens je mening niet en noemt het alleen maar onzin .
je brengt praktisch dus geen nieuwe informatie of punten in de discussie of stelt de huidige punten ook niet in kwestie .
aka je komt nergens verder mee door het onzit te noemen
i 'd rated low sleep lower because i feel that psychite or wake up dependence does the same job more effectively .
and no lovin ' no bedroom is n't worth it i 've used half-cycler pawns that i 'll also accept they 're just not doing much work and probably ensure they 're 'mood enhanced ' in various ways too .
i made my denam a swordmaster in the psone original game .
sad to see they are n't any good in this version .
for every good thing they did there is another thing they ruined .
well if they called it koala day it would n't have had much hold .
we 've only managed to have black friday seep into our collective consciousness because of the internet .
i feel like i 'm getting close to the end .
this game keeps throwing interesting locations and characters and ideas at you it 's very creative .
i 'm not sure how much is taken from general numenera lore and how much was invented for this game but for me at least it is all new .
even though it 's still interesting 20 hours in i 'm getting a little exhausted .
every single person you talk to has their own unique quirk and backstory .
and i do n't feel like all of them add to my understanding of the main plot or world .
maybe i just do n't have the time now to get fully sucked in .
i also think some of the long text descriptions could have been replaced with more visual art especially portraits of the characters you 're talking to .
that could make talking to people feel like less of a chore .
jennifer it would be an absolute dream to pull ur dress up and just fuck you full of my young potent cum
i wonder if genta 's new kid will become a kamen rider in the future or not .
to check every room and be prepared for victims to fight back.. active shooter cbl is common sense shit.. its not a real training video .
its just some legal bs walmart does to cover their ass
wow when you do n't even know how to use soap ...
if someone is selectively outraged they are under no position to get sanctimonious with someone else about whatever they do n't care to be outraged about particularly if it 's a topic that does n't directly affect them in anyway .
everyone turns a blind eye to ethical issues every single day and either choose to ignore it or make up some narrative in their head as to why it is n't actually important to take a stand .
granted you 're not being that but some people on reddit sure love to be .
as long as you do n't over-tighten or damage the cable with the zip-ties you 'll be fine
i get the hot wheels one most of the time .
i 'm not the least bit surprised that there are still people who pay with a check while dining out especially at olive garden .
i remember that the lodge was discussing this matter and some of them did n't agree with philippa 's radical views .
also it 's not that weird to have the sorceresses disliking men in power since their whole region was dominated by male monarchs that most of them knew a lot about their flaws and selfishness .
most common cause of failure is slipping off because it 's too big or he did n't hold it while coming out .
so make sure you or he hold it during exit post-ejaculation .
also if you 're hooking up w people you do n't know that well make sure he is actually wearing it some men will remove it when they think you ca n't tell like in doggy style .
i 've used only condoms w my partner for years and had no issues .
if you do experience a failure go get the morning-after pill as soon as possible within 48hrs .
mere bhaiya nei councling ke liye paise bhi de diye the germany ke liye ab abandon kar diye plan ko .
isliye bro soch samajke jana pura plan execute karke .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mediasportsfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
everytime someone opposes her her initial reaction is to blanket kill them all innocent or not .
her advisors have to talk her down every single time .
after that it 's gon na be ape heroin or nothing .
buddy you could literally die in your sleep if this is carbon monoxide .
i 've been in the same economic situation as you pretty regularly .
put the item on an amazon wishlist and someone else can buy it for you .
where you can never be too old too young too ugly or too stupid .
i think percent drop from the two day open is such a useless stat .
the thursday increase drop should be compared to previews and the friday drop should be compared to true friday .
first weekend drops should also exclude previews as it bakes in a 20-25 drop and first add comparative value
they just need to ship my new damn holster already lol 😂
i keep on going back that jessa was n't there but neither was anna and the m kids .
weird the issue for a mic was in the sound playback and not the recording tab ... go figure .
😕 i think talking to your gynecologist is important but also seeking some kind of therapist or counselor who specializes in trauma recovery for sa is necessary .
your doctor can likely guide you in that direction if you need help .
many would say the emotional damage is far worse .
but there are knowledgeable people out there who can help you .
yeah walmart really screwed this whole thing up with the gold label exclusives .
i 'm sure dark flash and shazam will probably be the same way .
azbat still pops up on their website for shipping every now and then .
you just have to make sure walmart is the one selling it and even then it 's a complete gamble if you 're going to get it .
if you can believe it it used to be worse lol .
hopefully the crafting system comes soon and alleviates some of that .
you can go through the statistics did n't intend to deep dive the subject which are published by the australian government .
agricultural visa programs tend to be short term visas and this is true of australia .
my interpretation of the ops question is based more on long term and/or permanent migration .
edit agri-food and agri tech accounts for about 5 of australian immigration in 2022 .
so the assertion that agriculture is a major long term immigration source is also incorrect .
i know that in lost cause hypno is using so much psychic power that his body is destroying itself but how are there so many organs in one pokemon
other people do n't notice it much as you .
also we only notice it on other people as we 're sensitive to it .
not pictured all of the critical boxes that no one still employed knows about
furthermore if you want to interact with the community more you can also join the discord server https discord.gg/zgyv7phrmw
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onepiecepowerscaling if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's limits to how much you can contribute though 40k a year .
you can backdate that three years but he 's quite possibly used a lot of the allowance up already .
when my friends ask if they should get a pc or a mac i always tell them to get a mac .
when they ask why i tell them it 's because i ca n't support them .
dan is only progressive when it comes to social issues .
the closest he comes is when discussing player unions and even then it 's very clear his interest derives from his admiration of athletes rather than any kind of philosophical or moral viewpoint .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mediasportsfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely one of the best shots of the year for me .
well i will say this listen to what he says .
it 's possible for him to want and/or enjoy sex with you for reasons other than experiencing sexual attraction .
it can still feel good physically and he can also enjoy the intimacy with you .
so it 's definitely a discussion that can go a lot of ways and something to figure out with him .
best of luck and i hope y'all are able to work things out !
also find a day and get a full 8-10 hour of sleep or just pure rest to reset your mind
i 've spent money before and it 's always when i have n't spent cash in a while the drops suddenly go up almost like they 're baiting me .
we hope that you enjoy our sub as much as we do but in order to ensure that you are able to continue being a part of this harm reduction community you will need to review the rules of this sub .
you can also find the answers to many commonly asked questions about dosing injection techniques and other harm reduction advice here https www.reddit.com/r/heroin/wiki/index/harmreduction or visit heroin 101 here https www.reddit.com/r/heroin/wiki/index/heroin
anyone who messages your inbox offering to hook you up with a reliable vendor or sell you drugs is trying to scam you !
i promise you they are not legit so do n't give them your money or you will be a sad sad panda .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/heroin if you have any questions or concerns .
obviously to an extent everything is a gamble even walking out of your home is a gamble .
once you understand what you are looking i would argue they are some of simplest trades to make .
now i 'm starting to question if you are even a profitable trader .
physical joint pain for me mental emotional and even spiritual .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mediasportsfeed if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't mind my hoodies being too long it 's just that i worry the sleeves will be way too large and that they kinda look stupid unless i roll the sleeves up like the l hoodie i am wearing at the moment .
do you think the sleeves will also have a way too large circumference if i buy an l ?
do you guys get the first day of snow driving panic every year ?
here in chicago it 's like everyone forgets how to drive in snow the first day it happens .
arid uses xp as a currency so you do n't get it by killing zombies .
normally i 'm not bothered by people enjoying things i do n't but with the new pokemon games people are wrong to enjoy them .
your first line is literally a reply to your second line .
saw her on a tow and tug heading out monday morning .
beeping typically means that there 's continuity a short between the two points .
to double check this just touch the two ends of the multimeter together .
if they beep when you do this then there 's a short between the two points you 're measuring .
somewhere else you said that you soldered the wires onto the led strip and your circuits works until you add the last 3 components one of them being the strip .
my money is on the strip having the short .
you can cut off the first led in the strip and resolder the wires on the next three pads .
from the first image of it you might have added too much solder and it got on the pads from the empty led .
also what you should do is remove the led strip from your current circuit and plug it in to see if it works .
if that still does n't work then remove another non critical component until you get it to work .
your comment has been removed because it violates rule 1 be civil https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/about/rules .
why do i have to be civil in a sub about assholes ?
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
46 mins after draw and i just received the got ‘‘em notification .
omg i am though my arms are crazy and my hands are so strong now
these fuckers always play to the wingers whenever i have neither in my fantasy team lfmaoooo
for your sake scotland i 'll never put either in again
if we plug-in orban the more power we putin nice word btw the more he get fried .
your weekly r/hiphopheads roundup for the week of november 12 november 18
dammit i tried this one but ig i wrote it with spaces ... tough luck .
no one probably knows this but pomegranate noir '' .
i was often visiting a certain building where i always felt this incredible smell i can only describe it as royal '' .
it physically makes me relax within the first second of inhaling it .
it took months for me to ask myself how is it always there and why is it always so noticeable .
then one day i looked under the stairs and found this scent bottle of liquid i wrote the name in the top .
they can be very expensive but i found them for about 15 dollars as well .
he was the best player on the trade market and a contending team went for him .
he was def forgot about though becuase of the padres victory and the yankees dominance .
max would rather crash himself into hamilton than letting him win .
yes and more women than men have died from childbirth .
these are physiological traits that cause actual problems idk what you want .
now colourblindness might not be such a major hardship but that 's nothing to do with being physiological
the literal definition of veganism that most people use clearly states that you avoid animal products as far as practible and possible .
if you ca n't do something you 're not forced to .
however there was no need behind the overwhelming vast majority of animals killed and eaten .
also how many people have you turned vegan to tell vegans how they should act ?
i have a feeling you have not even been able to convince yourself and just want to listen to this message in a way that will make you less uncomfortable .
i agree that we should deliver this in ways that do n't alienate people and that we all have a journey but i also think it 's important to maintain a clear message because a little bit of animal abuse is less wrong than a lot but still worse than zero .
https imgur.com/a/f7acj7q best picture i could get of it .
fiv neutered 10lb male domestic long hair i got from a shelter 2 weeks ago where there were many other cats separated in cages .
i do n't remember him having them at the shelter .
i noticed them maybe a week ago but they seem to be developing more not going away .
he also sneezed way more than what i 'd consider normal for the first week but that seems to have gone away .
taking to the vet on monday since he does n't seem to be particularly bothered by them but curious if anyone has seen something similar .
i would love to be at my pc and be able to sort my wish list as far as what 's steam deck verified playable etc.. from my desktop .
does anyone know if this already exists or a good way to do it ?
a lot of these games on my wish list i 've thought damn that 'd be fun on the steam deck '' but i 'd have to go into every single one to see .
as said above the xmp profile provided by gskills had suddenly became unstable the other day and was giving me bsod after a year of usage .
had tested with memtest64 and would it give me errors after 2 minutes under full load .
if xmp was to be disabled the system would stabilize and errors wont occur .
i also tried tampering with the dram voltage by tweaking it from the given 1.35v and progressively bumped it to 1.4v where it regained stability although some games would crash after prolonged usage unlike before .
is it safe to bump the dram voltage ever so slightly beyond 1.4v to gain a bit more stability ?
gskills trident royal 64 gb 3600 mhz cl 16 .
since i moved across the world from asia to north america .
on google maps the blue dot accuracy is always low .
no matter how much i calibrate it either using the camera or the 8 figure movement
my other favourite app for stargazing skyview also does n't seem the planets and stars locations properly .
i looked around and ca n't find a solution yet .
not sure why this is bugging but i do n't think the screen should have these flickering and solid lights on it .
for those of us who love the effects caddy has had on recruiting and his energy we just have to admit caddy does n't have the coaching experience to run a 100 mio program .
but auburn has some coaches out there making their mark .
if youre so inclined imagine the impact on the recruiting trail if t will was our hc .
he would n't garner the buzz that deion would but he would n't be self centered and create distractions .
and his commitment level to auburn would be equal to that of caddy while keeping caddy !
please tell in the comments if you liked them !
it says up to 200 but curious if it 's a waste of my time money wise for bags i do n't use any more .
i would say the problem might be blood flow .
ive gone thru lifestyle change and got some improvement .
my stamjna and fitness increased a lot but not the member down there
i want to start am 1.0. how long and frequency to do it .
do we need to do rev keg while doing them ?
everytime i try to look anywhere my game freezes during it .
i ca n't look up down left right without my game freezing up periodically .
this has not been an issue until this patch so idk if it 's a pc problem or a problem with the patch .
i run over 100fps on the game no problem so i 'm not sure how to fix it
let me introduce myself my name is amina and i 'm 14 years old yes .
i 'm from crimea and i 'm a muslim !
mine is this from his history of westeros podcast interview
so you talked we were talking about how you know working on fire and blood is history and it 's very different to write .
one thing that we like to highlight in our show is something called parallel lives which is the idea that there are parallels in your histories to current characters .
... so we we 've observed that in a song of ice and fire .
have you found that in like writing fire and blood that it allows you to maybe play with plotlines or arcs for the characters in the main series ?
if anything i try to veer away from that because i do n't wan na feel like i 'm repeating myself .
it only shocked me because it sometimes feels like it is intentional ... only for him to say this lol
not looking for friends ... just saying goodbye and good luck ... i hope anyone here finds a friend that isnt shallow af or a superficial nightmare ... but i dont think you will find what ur looking for here ... dont be discouraged though good people are hard to find these days.. keep your heads up .
sold most of my collection on discogs over the last couple of months and these are some of the few records i have left that im trying to sell off !
never sold on here before but i can use paypal g s and use proper record mailers !
shipping with media mail for 4 anywhere in the u.s and not currently shipping anywhere else thanks !
mac miller watching movies g++/nm red/white/black splatter sleeve on this one has a couple fairly decent creases .
tall white guy with a dad bod looking for girl willing to take a throatpie .
ca n't host but down for car play and can come to you .
i have a unit of two kastelans that i made during 8th edition back when their protector protocol let them shoot twice .
as a result i gave them all three phosphor blaster weapons .
since their loadouts are more versatile now and their shooty protocol is n't as crazy what do you give your kastelans ?
so i 'm trying to install windows 11 on my new pc and i read that windows home only supports 128gb of ram .
does that mean only certain windows applications will be limited to that or that any software i use on that pc will also be limited to 128 ?
since steams conversion for different currencies is stupid a 60 game costs 115 in my local currency .
is it possible for me ro create a steam account in the us from a different phone number and gift the game to my main ?
i genuinely have no idea how to describe it in anything but a massively negative light .
unlike something like adhd where you can talk about the random ability to hyper focus etc .
reposting the rest of these odds and ends pls buy my crap
surefire st07 switch just the switch no ue cap 25
i liked the planets you could actually do something on .
i also got stuck at the end of the game .
i did n't get a diamond off the robbers and after an hour or so of trying to figure out how to get money i looked it up .
so i purchased red dead redemption 2 for the ps4 a while ago nothing fancy like a deluxe version just the base game and i 've seen this pop up a few places so i was wondering is red dead online supposed to be it 's on separate application that take up its own amount of space ?
because i own the base game and can just go into red dead online or the story whenever nothing ever said red dead online was it 's own application i 've been very confused over this and if red dead online is taking up space is there a way i can delete it and keep the main game ?
hello everyone i 'm going give you folks some details to help with context .
this story begins when my mother and father stepfather told me that my dad was n't my dad and in fact it was someone else altogether .
i was 17 at the time and the whole thing was a massive shock to the system .
my stepdad was a nasty fucker altogether so in one sense this was a relief .
i was almost 21 and manged to track down my biological dads brother to a warehouse in cork .
it was actually just up the road from where i was living at that time .
i wrote a letter explaining that his brother my biological father was my father and i just wanted to get to know my dad .
i did n't want to ruin a family and i was n't looking for money or anything like that .
his brother gave him this letter at a funeral .
he later told me this was very reckless as his brother could have told everyone .
he eventually contacted me and we met up in the bodega in cork for a coffee .
he told me that i have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
i asked him does his wife know that i exist and he said they are open and honest about everything .
we only ever met up at mcdonald 's for coffee after that .
he told me that he kept my number on his work phone so he would n't lose it .
he avoided talking about the details and only ever talked about politics and the news .
this went on from august to december of 2014.i eventually told him that this should n't be a secret and told my brother and sister on my mother 's side .
things got awkward and he stopped responding to my messages before christmas that year .
my biological father ran away for the second time at christmas of all the times lol .
it was a tough time mentally i 'm not going to lie .
my self esteem was on the ground and i felt that if my own father could n't love me why would anyone else .
thanks to therapy my partner and kids i 'm doing fantastic now .
my partner was amazing and really helped me through the hard parts .
i 'm happy going to work and i try to be the best dad possible to my kids .
the brothers and a sister that i will never now really weighed on my head though .
i could n't shake the fact that i have siblings that i have never met .
so it 's now 2022 and i made contact in june of this year to try at things again .
he met up with me in mcdonald 's for coffee again old habits lol .
this time i was able to get my brothers and sisters names off him .
i 'll admit i was alot more calm and collected about everything this time .
he keeps on saying there is no rule book for this sort of thing '' when i brought up the future and letting his family know .
he said he just wants to focus on getting to know me right now .
he also said this would probably make his kids hate him even more .
turns out now that we have names and the town that he lived in that i could use facebook to find out more .
well here comes the plot twist ... his eldest son is 5 months older than me .
i was born in september of 1993 and his eldest was born in april 1993.his wife was about 4-5 months pregnant when he climbed on top of my mother .
i 'm now of the opinion that his wife does n't know about me at all .
can you imagine telling your pregnant partner story love you know when you were pregnant the first time and we had that fight yeah ?
i accidentally went out and got someone else pregnant these things happen like '' .
i managed to find his gaff using a roadsign from a picture of a car his son was selling .
followed some roads and i managed to find his work van parked outside his house on google maps .
i 'm going for a spin down there tomorrow to be sure .
it 's seems clear that most of what i 've been told was just lies and arse covering .
it 's been a long journey to get this information but now i finally know .
now this is where you come in ... what would you do with the information that i now have .
i 'm aware this could potentially destroy this man 's life .
i do n't think i want to be spiteful as it 's not my style .
his excuse for running away from my mam in 1993 was i just could n't be sure at the time '' which is just bollocks .
he rang my mother when i was 5 to say if i ever needed a kidney to get onto him without leaving a number or address .
does he deserve for his past to catch up with him .
should i tell him what i know and that now is the feckin time for honesty not his doorstep .
i 'm so close to the end of this absolute shite but i 'm not sure what to do .
sorry for the length but i hope a bit of context helps
edit i have no intention of knocking on his door and intentionally destroying a family .
it seems a few people took that away from the main text .
i 'm struggling on learning dom manipulation currently using top to learn but the resources is n't helping me click .
i have good understanding of css and html but something just does n't click when it comes to dom manipulation .
been rereading docs left and right and practicing it in text .
c/o is 5 ber runes last one perfect sold for 8 jah and 8 ber
how does a toxic set work with a1 poison ?
let 's say i have a frozen banshee which has a 80 chance of procing a poison 2x per hit how would it work if i put a toxic set on her ?
would it be a 100 chance of landing a poison each hit or 4 poisons in total or would 5 poison interfere with 2.5 poison ?
so yesterday i went to transfer some usdt from binance to another exchange and after i went through all the steps and got the confirmation it said the total was more than double the amount i had initially .
went to my spot balance and all but one of my other tokens disappeared .
and dollar value wise the total of coins that disappeared are more or less the same value that got added to my usdt transaction .
it really felt like it converted some tokens of mine to usdt and added them to the transaction .
jason has 42mm but it has a chrome date surround see 2nd photo and idk if wu 's is truly 42mm .
any recommendations on where i can get a 42mm working with no chrome date surround .
i need a second sub-ohm tank but i have no idea which one have good o-rings .
i am a bit traumatised by itank o-rings they are just too bad the only place where o-rings stick to the glass is from the inside and they leaked a lot .
proper o-rings as i see it should not only hold the glass from the inside but most importantly from top and bottom .
i have valyrian 3 tank and nautilus 3 they both have good o-rings and they can only leak from coils when i fill the tank or in an airplane .
i 'm trying to use macbook as a computer .
i need to open .rar archive edit and save .
he is almost 10 months old and he does n't even open his mouth most of the time .
i 've tried purees i 've tried bigger pieces of food i tried letting him play with his food everything .
i stopped breastfeeding when he was two months old .
and yes i now that stupid phrase food before one is just for fun '' and its insanely annoying to me because all the babies around us are eating perfectly fine .
i just do n't know what to do anymore .
everytime i 'm feeding him i become so angry and just ca n't handle it .
when i am out with my girls or even run errands in the mall i love the thought of acting like i am single .
the eye contact with the cute guys and flirty message i get ... just make me so horny and wanting to fuck the guy right away .
especially when i keep texting hubby about what is going on ... .thanks hubby for being so supportive .
red teamers how to you get edrs to test your payloads ?
i understand it is essential to test your payloads but getting edr seems to be the real challenge .
do you have some solutions known to be easier to get than others ?
or have more interesting detection capabilities which are good to test your payloads on ?
ups usps fedex ground during perk season are only for the big dawgs !
same support said too bad should catch them as they are completed .
i generally save these for when i get home and let the grandkids catch them .
this is twice now that i lost rewards by just a short time after the event ended .
to help you here is a link to the deficiency album http imgur.com/a/ftimo from the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mephheads if you have any questions or concerns .
we also learned to hide the waste and pollutants better .
companies just got more clever and adapted to laws forcing them to hide their horrible practices better .
how many versions of last christmas and all i want for christmas are there ?
afaik the quadriga ceo gambled on bitmex and lost large sums trading
the only mistake '' is that you 've been responding to their childish tantrums at all .
by them choosing to never liking your answer it was always going to out you in a position to escalate so they could play the victim .
they have been harassing and disrespecting you for quite some time .
tbh i 'd uninvite them until you get an apology because otherwise you know they will be showing up with their kid and causing drama on what is supposed to be the most special day of your life .
i want it to ruin putin 's christmas at least
they lived in dc til the fha stepped in and only allowed the white folks to move out of the city.. while redlining the city so housing repairs could n't be financed .
i hope the meaning is n't that queer folk need straight plp reproduct toake more gays
i tend to go for black bases with color shifting flakes on top .
when it gets closer to the holidays i 'll do themed nail art .
this is nice been always wanting to play gta2 again and this is looks great 👍
easiest way to do it if you do n't want to seem like a dick is make a note of it and deduct it from the next round of bets .
hey todd you still owe me from last game can you cover me and call it even ? ''
i stalled for few months but you have to keep coming .
it 's really hard to work 25 hours in a 48 hour period .
it 's normal to need a day to recuperate after that .
i ca n't believe rozemyne has a second schtappe .
rozemyne i pulled it out of a chali bottom .
rozemyne sister i once blessed the entire knight 's order before i had a schtappe before i hit my ei-seventh year before i even knew how prayers worked because i was scared of a tree .
can confirm i am bisexual and only know half the alphabet
dialing back the crimp die right now thanks for the tip .
i would be totally willing to test laptops at school or sum .
if the amount on the bill of sale is much less than the fair market value of the vehicle .
many states are now using fair market value for the taxable basis of a vehicle not what is written on the bill of sale .
if you want to dispute the value you would have to have the vehicle inspected to determine why it should be taxed at less than the fair market value .
yeah i 'm sure that 's how it is too at least how i remember it .
i 'd need to check but i 'm unsubbed currently .
and i now hate usc cause of the addison shit .
tcu would be cool cause they 'd be the most unexpected and even though michigan is big ten and a blue blood i do n't mind them at all .
i went to sru and worked with the football team there and we got to go to the big house for a game and michigan famously announces sru 's scores so i view them as an ally lol .
still fuck the cfp for not expanding cause last year pitt would 've been in a 12 team format lol probably our only chance ever 😅 but then again fuck pitt for blowing golden opportunities lol
i think 1080€ is affordable while living in tunisia right ?
here in germany im literally living paycheck to paycheck 🤷🏻‍♂️ .
i mean if you think miltanks are going to be a problem then run one canceling cologne .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sextinggw if you have any questions or concerns .
the housing you own is used to extract the wages that workers make .
any profit used to invest in improvements in your property is from your tenants .
would n't then improving your property with better amenities or whatever lead to an ever-growing need to profit more ?
how do you keep up with the need from profit growth ?
that would then lead to pricing some or all of your tenants out of their price range .
reminds me of nautilus from lol or big daddy from bioshock .
like your guardian is a machine that awoke from the bottom of the ocean .
i did that about 2 years ago and really improved .
work on your body isolation and flexibility because it just looks nicer when you have a good range of motion as a follower .
i know someone trying to make it as an artist .
he 's a great teacher face to face his classes are amazing but his videos on socials just lack a bit of something .
i think there is maybe a presence the big hitters have that 's hard to replicate ?
he has a partner posts videos on insta organises bachata nights with big names but i do n't see it taking off for him .
he does get invited locally to teach in bars but he 's not making a living from it .
hayır kaşaroğlan âlim olup her şeyi bilen tespitlerde bulunma bu kadar da üzülüp ağlama tatlı evladım .
beğenmeyen dallamalardan kat kat fazla beğenen ve hoşuna giden grup var ki bu devam ediyor .
sadece öfke ile sana ve düşüncene hücum eyledim ağlama la .
neyse kanka bu yaptığımız harp biraz boş iş ben stres attım .
konunun özeti editlerden bir şey çıkarmıyor ve keyif alıyoruz .
aksi fikir de olabilir ama saçma saçma anlamlar çıkarmanın gereği yok .
neyse iyi stres attım alınma bu kadar da ciddiye alma .
i 'm really going to claim that history is repleat with examples where the vast majority of people do not remain in the religion of their birth .
for starters given the rate at which most religions are shrinking it 's safe to say that the vast majority of people are currently leaving the religion of their birth/heritage .
for example on this very sub there are frequent posts about the alarmingly high rate at which people are leaving mormonism .
regarding the switch from paganism regional polytheism to christianity you are simply mistaken .
how do you explain ireland which converted to christianity before england scotland wales and never had a roman presence ?
what about the germanic tribes that remained in what 's now germany who were converted by christian missionaries in the 6th century long after the fall of the western roman empire ?
or the saxons in england who were converted by missionaries from pope gregory the great at the end of the 6th century ?
or the conversion of the franks which began at the tail end of the 5th century under clovis i ?
it 's also worth noting that by the time of constantine 's edict of milan in 313 ad which ended the reactionary persecution of christians that diocletian started in 303 ad christianity was already a major religion in the roman empire .
chili powder cumin salt pepper garlic powder onion powder oregano to taste .
mash all together in the kitchen aid until fully combined then use a scale and make half-ounce meatballs and brown em in a pan .
dump all of em on a cookie sheet and finish baking 350/10-15min ?
i think we could freeze some but we 'll wind up chomping em down .
tortas and do like taco-meatball subs w toasted bread and beans and cheese and stuff on em .
if i was a smart man i 'd have bought an avocado to slice with .
i would agree but as we know dragon ball is all about goku surpassing the beings above him and sure beerus has lasted the longest of any but eventually it will happen .
some were decently far off but they are now all 60-62hz however the issue remains .
i 'll never not upvote this the million times it 's reposted lol
apple could almost guarantee the poll would end with twitter banned .
should apple allow apps in the store where hate speech is officially allowed to be published ? ''
if it were n't for demon reinforcements the traitors would 've been squashed within the first month .
they have been shown in the books to be fairly incompetent on the whole .
i would love to fuck you in your marriage bed .
leave a huge load dripping out of that perfect pussy all over the sheets where your husband sleeps 😈🍆💦
seems like he took a little break from keem when salvo was around
i used to walk to school btw..if you do n't know about effect of eating acid on stomach do n't think that nobody else knows it too..
i remember this thread from last year we 've come a long way ...
i 've gone from a dysfunctional family to no family at all .
i 'm trying new things out to make me feel alive i really love mountain biking alone with my dog of course .
i get so anxious and all i want is a drink .
do n't trust what you see on ebay on the first few days market manipulations fake sales are possible just like the 1 guy who is ok with buying it for 2k .
it 's gon na take more time and more volume to judge what the market really price this thing at .
you cant just yoink pilots out of service to learn a new aircraft while the country is at war .
honestly i 'm so sorry you have to be so scared for your daughter this world is messed up istg .
yeah plat is n't very good and you 'll learn as you climb that the difference in skill between plat and low diamond is n't very much .
dont worry guys its ok if you are not the best in this sport .
you can still win the baseball world series every year !
i bought a jive at hempsol and i was n't impressed .
i 've heard nothing but good things about tiger tho .
i thought he was working on a scale replica of the uss merrimack .
your post pedos and rapists should be placed into general population in prison has been removed because it violates our rules
your content was either hateful violates reddit content policy and tos or both .
when you made a reddit account you agreed to abide by these documents .
content of this nature left unchecked puts our subreddit in jeopardy and as such we have no tolerance for it .
a by no means exhaustive list of content that falls under this category racism sexism homophobia transphobia general bigotry harassment doxxing and advocating/endorsing/supporting/condoning any violence against any person or people .
while posts and comments that criticize individuals/demographics are acceptable comments that are a clear attack/contain slurs are not .
if there is an issue please message the mod team at https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2funpopularopinion thanks !
i 'm obsessed with mine and i hope your fiancé loves theirs ! !
i highly recommend frank darling if you 're still looking for a source .
holy shit i 've been playing forever and i 'm just now learning this ... had no idea how the 'plumb x ' mechanic worked or that it used the rain storage .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
if someone says you are being dramatic they lie .
hello u/ashh37asdaf your request appears to ask for moral judgment or judgment on your actions .
per our moral judgment rule https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/ivahe5/meta_autoremoving_moral_judgment_threads_also any requests for moral judgment generally any yes/no questions will result in the removal of your post even if you ask for specific advice as well .
please remove any questions that ask for judgment of a situation again yes/no questions and instead request specific advice that could not possibly result in a yes/no answer .
we may not include messages such as this on future moral judgment removals for your awareness
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
your pussy is already warm and inviting your body twitching with excitement .
i look at you my eyes glazed over with lust .
your pussy is quivering your breath coming in long gasps of pleasure as you feel my tongue caressing your lips and swelling clit .
juices flowing freely as you cry out in pleasure d-daddy .
sucking in firm my mouth is filled with your juices and engorged clitoris .
maybe jonnydell49 can do a good video send it to david lombardi who then can send it to his contacts with the team .
das ist lustig je länger mein studium her ist desto lieber mag ich nudeln mit pesto .
i think you 're being too hard on yourself but also i have questions .
do n't you respond with i love you too '' when she tells you she loves you ?
or is the expectation that you say it first or else it does n't count ?
i know some people see it this way but personally i 've never understood this .
i love you '' is an i love you '' in my book .
and most of it is indeed expressed through actions .
i want to suck your nipples while you light up
no the creatine is not doing anything to your hair .
the math to propose what you 're suggesting does not work .
as far as increasing the barrier to cost of entry '' i agree that the system could only be changed if we devised alternate funding strategies for our communities .
and seek other forms of taxation that do n't penalize people for simply existing in the state .
ahh it was a forum post thanks for finding it though !
the fact that you seem to believe with and within are the same word tells me all i need to know about your understanding of the language .
please edit the body of your post to include ! unlock to allow comments if you wish .
people leaving their posts locked can still receive pm 's .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/orangecountypersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
do you have any favorite brands for loose leaf tea ?
rocketpool can not force you to do anything as a node operator .
dont update just as you wouldnt if you dont agree with a node software update for one of the clients .
dont run relays.. you retain full and sole control of your validator .
this is n't true and one of the big issues of being a rocketpool validator .
mev will soon be enforced with penalties applied to the withdrawal amount if you do n't comply .
the odao is pretty centralized and will comply with what the rocketpool team wants .
bryan vs ishii would be banger material for sure .
also bryan vs shingo even tho they faced earlier in their careers .
i feel like too many folks over-hyped this album and created this anticipation of what it would be like that was so outrageous that they ca n't even describe it and when it did n't immediately fit whatever they had come up with in their mind they immediately did n't like it .
there are so many people who are saying they wanted something pushing the boundaries of style and more experimental but i ca n't conceive of what they actually mean sound-wise and im not sure they know either .
meanwhile i feel like the sound and style of this album are completely different from her previous stuff and works really well as a concept album 🤷🏽‍♀️
edit maybe part of my opinion is bc i feel like the views in this album are the closest to the truth for all these situations that she 's explored before .
and that fits so well with the things that keep you awake at night '' concept midnight is for deep confessions and truths you ca n't escape .
that 's a pretty good way to start your collection !
2.2 got ta come out soon if it cost this much
ca n't quite tell what the gray item is .
did the nyt forget we have beauty pageants in the us as well ?
yeah but ... those sites sell the keys cheaper than the publisher ... that 's the point .
maybe the tesla is just smart and is like fuck that fake baby ! ''
as a taxpayer i do n't mind my money going towards ukraine for i believe they are fighting a war we would or could be possibly involved with if they did not fight the russians .
i support ukraine and believe we should help them .
i remember when the singer got hit in the face with a bottle and kept playing with blood streaming .
it 's not about luck it 's about commitment and grit .
i pulled myself up by my bootstraps to get where i am and others sometimes need a hand but it should not come at a loss to me
he 's a terrible coach but wilson is probably the bigger problem
my equine vet calls all the horses he works with either young man or young lady regardless of their age lol
i was just in salem a few months back lol .
i mean seeing what 's going on over there i 'm not surprised
i was just too lazy to go get my glasses 😂
3 of your last 25 comments/submissions have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
in ny there was an ad with an older couple saying they 're democrats voting zeldin
wow so informative and i have a lot of work to do aaahahah
just a bit of advice mate you might want to tone down your assertive candour .
americans are actually pretty friendly and if you conduct yourself in a purely objective manner and narrowly focused on your own needs wants and expectations you 'll be setting yourself up for some disappointing experiences .
maybe it 's a ratio of people to mountains .
with less a holes you 'll have more mountains per person .
brudi sie hat dich an die angel genommen du hast bloß die steilvorlage geliefert .
i 've been saying this to my friends about the knight .
people say he 's weak yet all i 've ever seen people do is use his power to camp ... and for literally nothing else aside from that .
i 'm not saying the knight is sss tier but he 's better than people giving him credit for .
at this point i 'm surprised the people playing knight have n't figured out that the same guards they use to camp disappear not long after being placed down or during an unhooking animation .
friendly reminder that real life serial killers are not hannibal lecter
uum no there 's six hours of difference between flying directly from mia to ba than europe to ba and we are assuming that there are direct flight from europe plus miami is the capital of latin america media and there are is big argentinean community in miami
anyone who thinks but yeah but ... '' think for a moment and take a second and ask whether or not police were required to deal with what was happening just then .
obviously not because they were n't handcuffing people and had no probable cause .
did they need to stop a violent act in progress ?
did they need to stop and frisk or shake people down or stop what was happening in any way ?
they tried to start conversation to collect info but that 's it .
if they actually did have a purpose and they failed to accomplish it then they were n't trained very well .
if they didn't have a purpose then they should 've fucked off like they did in the video .
so in a sense this video ended the way it should have .
police do n't have the right to just inject themselves into your lives without cause .
if they had cause they would 've known that and acted accordingly .
they already know when they 're allowed to go cracking skulls and they do not ask idle innocent questions or make conversation when the time comes .
anything less than violence is a sign that they do n't have the right to cross those lines .
because their training tells them to use violence all the time .
so anything less than that means that they do n't immediately have a reason .
i could be wrong but i read or heard that allergies are bad here because of all the non-native plants or trees .
that they were brought here from other states and countries .
i used to take an allegra every night before bed doctor told me it takes 8 hours to kick in but i do n't do that anymore .
it 's either honey in my morning coffee or suffer through it .
he 's kite man how tf do you fight him ?
also he 's fought more ppl than me ... has n't won but he was fighting ppl like batman so got ta give him some credit
wonder how the ratings would have been if this was like a semi or final in the world cup instead of a group stage between randomized teams that your casual beer does n't care about
it gon na be the same of the first time ... what exactly you did n't like ?
widening roads does not ease congestion since it creates a phenomenon called induced demand more supply of road leads to more consumption ie .
generally the solution to congestion is more density giving people proximity to where they need to go more transit moving more people around in ways that is not cars and road dieting that reduces lanes although this generally needs to be paired with alternative transport methods .
unfortunately most red states and even blue ones will not do any of this and will do their utmost to cater to cars .
it might be funny to germans but many israelis are sure that our 1 winter holidays dessert https mydinner.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/berliner8.jpg hanukkah is an exclusive jewish dish
thank you for sharing i knew someone would understand i 've had it for most of my life
agreed i thought he looked younger and more distinguished with his facial hair .
oh fun you get to learn how to break into a motorcycle !
a combination of carefully bent coat hangers some sort of endoscope camera and about half a day of your time and you 'll have that seat off in no time
would the lady be ok to be interviewed by say mark steyn ? ? ?
knowing what she knows and not shouting it out can not be good for her wellbeing let alone that of the girls .
given the decimo clip placement i may go moonman a1 to see if i like it and get the benu for now .
then get the decimo later if the pilot capless/a1 format works for me .
i hear both depending on which i am thinking about .
quite possible but could also be the want to have the power that men have like the social power they hold .
to not be seen as wrong for liking women to be listened to to be valued etc .
would love to get a hold of your big balls !
she could not want kids ... especially since she was a second mom to her siblings
ill remain allied even if putin is ousted and a new democratic leader takes his place .
india is not condoning russia 's actions here and realigning and breaking from a long time ally because of the current despot sounds too stupid in geopolitics .
in reality india is not happy with what russia is doing now but it ca n't break ties too easily now .
if you add the entire eu us canada australia new zealand and even throw in japan and korea .
you are still 500 milion short of just one country being china .
i 'm in love with it i was amazed at how comfortable and quiet the ride home was how well the lane assist and stop/go cruise control works and how upscale the interior feels for a 30k car !
i upgraded from a 2011 mercury milan premier so i 'm sure part of it is just sheer newness but i could n't be happier !
i would have legit been like cool beans see you next shift and not answered any texts back
we had jaffa jokes why did we never get asgard antics ?
i got the diagnosis after my last baby she 's 1 now .
i started on 50 mcg levothyroxine and just increased dosage to 75 next test is around xmas .
i started at 6 and am down to 4 now .
i 'll try to be more patient thanks girl !
kekwait i forgot do we have other short haired girls ingame except rosaria and xingqiu yelan ?
von is used to identify order prior to going into production .
ask for a copy of priced order confirmation poc sheet .
von is on that and poc is generated the day your order is entered .
you 're clearly extremely sheltered if you think anywhere in wellington is even close to anywhere in haiti
sounds like you should move on to complex human biology my guy things are not as simple as you wish they were .
cannabis has destroyed some parts of my life abd trying to get off is insanely hard
do you participate in the meet ups with guys ?
yeah the cost of living is very high is n't it ?
almost to the point where asking for a 600 birthday present seems wrong ...
omocat drew toddlers babies and young kids so well compared to most games and shows i 've seen !
maybe ill take a look around for other trees .
the bad i 've heard was people wanting the story to go a different way at least among my friends .
the issue is north korea does n't have enough missiles to survive a first strike or real early warning systems as far as i can tell .
moreover us abm could plausibly-ish defend from a few dozen warheads either now or with realistic additional r d .
it 's unclear to me what nuclear weapons truly change about the north korea equilibrium vis a vis the us because of conventional artillery aimed at seoul .
means my wife ca n't see i hit up t-bell on the way home 4 nights this week .
montoya was much better than most open wheel transfers .
he was never 100 able to flourish in nascar 's heavy stock car 's but still had a respectable career .
matty d i know a lot of people do n't like him for some of things he 's done off the track in recent years and i admit i got sick of his i never got the best chances '' attitude at times .
but i really wanted to see him succeed and at least get a win .
looks like his opportunities in the cup series are over now so i do n't think he 'll ever get that cup win now .
not a fan guy does not seem to care about winning
they 've been able to invest in all their public safety net policies because we 've been the world police since 1945 .
next to the ham is jellied cranberry sauce and the orange thing is candied sweet potatoes you bake it w marshmallow on top .
honestly this plate is very standard for an average american .
talking removes the underlying expectation that it 's a romantically motivated discussion .
that hooker you paid to lick your balls is not particularly impressed ...
so you 're saying no one should have killed nazis ?
genocide was n't necessary to get rid of them .
i 'm tracking cd via weak auras where there it can have more options like alpha/hide by cd glow etc
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dylanteroyt if you have any questions or concerns .
i made a similar comment after the game but about the ‘new ' dallas uniforms looking like the colts but was soon informed that they 're not new .
looked back and i think that style was last worn in 2005 but 100 open to being wrong as my research took all of three minutes
i ca n't the fact that reddit is saying jp is to straights and incels what cp is to gays and hoes
because the ink limit is just the game limiting you to not crash the servers .
personal take asking a player to roll a new character when they die is more of an inconvenience than a deterrent .
this way i can focus on their story arcs without worrying about a shoehorned new pc story the loose plot points of their old pc or a dragged out side quest to revive them .
the more attached they get the more they flesh out their roleplaying which leads to more interesting scenes .
i recommend approaching your players to see if they 'd be ok with making this work for one of their own .
just do n't double down on anything as a dm that your table does not enjoy .
they did though they did n't come out of the womb supporting him .
it took hundreds of people and dozens of years you know just like any major social change .
you seem to be missing the point all activism starts at advocacy some people are further along the journey of doing things they believe will make the world better and some are n't but they all start somewhere and criticizing someone for using a service which uses a service of a corporation they do n't like is just petty .
newsflash if you stopped supporting every business you had ethical concerns over there would be no businesses left to support .
hi u/b1ackmagix you can click here to search for your question .
https www.reddit.com/r/steamdeck/search ? q=new feature request if it does n't already exist sort wishlist by steam deck status .
if you do n't find an answer there do n't worry your post has not been removed and hopefully someone will be along soon to help with an answer !
if you find an answer please leave a comment on your post with the answer for others !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamdeck if you have any questions or concerns .
is bama still running that undersized front 7 scheme from earlier in the season ?
he looked good but what you guys really did well
there 's nothing to talk about a seven-year-old girl should n't be walking around with make up on in public
it looks like my progress on feeding tasty mawshrooms to darkmaul on korthia for the mount is lost since i took a break in 9.2 and coming back to the game now .
i believe i was on 7 of 10 and now my addon and the script used to check how many i fed says i 'm at 0 .
any known bugs about this or anything else i can do ?
the intrepid are form to safeguard our solar systems joint defence and standing within the interplanetary community .
a joint taskforce between earthly heroes alien refugees and representatives from the rhem empire whose satellite capital rhem prime floats in the atmosphere of venus .
here are some new villains i have put together .
with a universe of unknowns some threats remain closer to home .
absentia a government intelligence operative who can sense and describe unseen objects or events unfolding in real time without any prior knowledge .
the government is now testing the scope of their abilities to see whether or not there are some precognitive capabilities .
the shining ones a reclusive sect of ancient aliens that have burrowed themselves beneath the earth after being driven from the surface by early humans for fears they would be supplanted by the otherworldly foes .
the can move through solid object and travel across great distances when in their light form however they possess no combat ability when in this form .
they do possess enhanced physiology and technology far beyond our own .
they are led by lumen who see 's the encroaching humans as invaders of the small pocket of this world they have been alloted through the previous treaties they upheld with the kings of old
one of many an alien species that spreads like a virus infecting a host with its spores until it becomes a mindless drone whose only goal is to spread .
their rate of their infectious spread and their voracious appetites strip entire world bare of their resources .
are we really that braindead/infantile that we ca n't be expected to separate an individual woman 's actions from women as a whole ?
the fact that people hear lav give horrendous takes and feel the urge to be misogynistic is the problem you should n't feel the urge to stereotype a whole group of people just because you have to interact with/listen to someone or a small sample of people within that group that you do n't like .
maybe people have different expectations than me but i feel like people can be held to a higher standard than not even being expected to resist or understand a bigoted impulse and why it 's wrong .
how can i contact my cd baby after they closed my account i emailed them but did n't get anything back
is there a popular choice amongst these three for vscode ?
htmlhint https marketplace.visualstudio.com/items ? itemname=mkaufman.htmlhint html-validate https marketplace.visualstudio.com/items ? itemname=html-validate.vscode-html-validate and linthtml https marketplace.visualstudio.com/items ? itemname=kamikillerto.vscode-linthtml are the ones i have found to work but do n't really know how they go with pros and cons .
i wanted to try streaming for a while but it does n't quite have the same feeling as editing and getting to rewatch something so i am back with some dbd montages with my friends !
still getting used to editing gaming videos but i promise they are worth a watch !
i 'd appreciate the help with my channel but if you do n't plan to stay subbed or actually watch then prolly scroll past .
just comment or message me with your numbers and i will check out your stuff as well !
i have a problem with the aap01 cnc hop up autobot decepticon 70 nub omega maple leaf 6.04 cowcow enhanced nozzle and 0.25g .
with de second click of hop up the balls go down and if i up hopup one click more the balls go up .
i broke up with my poly ex 7 months ago .
he was the perfect man like an idealised caricature from a romance novel .
he was everything i could 've asked for and more .
so although it hurt i put up with him having another girlfriend and dating around .
i did this for 8 months until eventually i could n't handle the jealousy and insecurity anymore and broke up with him .
i think about him every day every waking hour and he haunts my dreams .
it makes me wonder whether i 'd made the wrong choice .
maybe i should 've been more flexible about my desire for monogamy .
so i was able to order a euro radiator but upon inspection the one that was in the car originally is smaller than the one i ordered so my question is can i install the bigger radiator .
as far as i know the only difference between the two radiators is that one is for cars with ac and without .
like the title our dog has trouble listening to my wife she has tried everything from sitting with her and building a connection to trying to show dominance .
nothing seems to be working and we even had a few fights over delta our dog .
delta is a blue nose pitbull and a bit hard headed but seems to only listen to me .
i 'd like some tips that could help my wife maybe learn to build a stronger connection with my dog without spending thousands on a trainer .
does anyone know how to allow the hud to switch combat to edit ?
meaning that in the hud buttons are overlapped but when you are in combat mode you do not see the edit and viceversa here it seems all the button are there thanks ! !
back in september jon gries jon heder and efren ramirez had a meet and greet a screening of napoleon dynamite and a q a at a theater near me .
i was able to get a meet and greet ticket .
at the time i had literally no idea that jon was greg and i brought up how the movie had influenced me to start watching cringe humor .
jon then asks me have you ever seen the white lotus ? and i of course being a big fan of the first season replied with excitement not knowing i was talking to one of the cast members .
i only put two and two together last night and i feel so stupid for not realizing then .
then again he was wearing a dodgers baseball cap all old bald guys look the same and i was too starstruck to think properly .
i wonder if he knew that i did n't know and sort of played along .
i recently upgraded to a profitec pro 300 after a couple of years using the bambino plus .
i pulled decent shots from my bambino but was frustrated by its limitations .
there was a great deal on an open box pro 300 and i jumped on it .
for my first bag of coffee i 'm using hyperion 's titan espresso roast .
my bottomless portafilter has not indicated any channeling issues .
my pid is currently set at 201 after bumping up form 199 .
my problem is that my shots are really really sour .
i was hoping someone could offer some insight into things .
the stock double basket seems to hold a lot of coffee .
using the nickel test i 'm up to 22 grams in the portafilter .
the body is somewhat lacking for a 2:1 ratio .
i upped the temp several times but noticed astringency and sourness with this change .
do any of these points cause a red flag for the machine functionality/use or do i just need to keep working on the recipe ?
now you 're the only one left mistress. i reincarnated as the daughter of a baron within a novel i read in my previous life .
thanks to that i knew that the boy my father brought as a slave would massacre the barony i would meet a horrifying death and the ending of this world .
i worked hard in order to avoid that miserable fate but everything was for naught .
in the end at the hands of the on ... read i failed to throw the villain away chapter 46 truemanga .
a place for members of r/tesla_lovers to chat with each other
i 'm trying to do the trial of gnomus and i completed the 4 trials but the portals that spawn when you complete each trial is not appearing .
how do you calculate functions like avg on non aggregate columns ? .
calculating the average length of time between the first and last movie
i have a 36 gallon tank with gravel substrate and a school of neon tetras .
i 'm looking for a bottom dwelling fish that works well with gravel .
in gg speedruns we are celebrating our 4th year anniversary .
we are a speedrunning community that organizes a lot of marathons tournaments races showcases etc .
during our 4 years over 10k has been awarded in prizes thanks to sponsors and the community as well as over 10k has been awarded to multiple benefit causes and charities also 100 thanks to the community and sponsors .
our 4th year anniversary is this november and to celebrate we are doing our annual anniversary marathon in benefit of cdkl5 as well as to spread awareness about this very rare condition .
if you want to submit for this marathon you can do so in here
join our discord if you have any questions or want to know more about any upcoming events we have going on
🏢 objective partner ag based in weinheim 🇩🇪 is looking for a frontend w/m/d react/javascript bundesweit remote you have to speak german
📝 more details and option to apply https germantechjobs.de/jobs/objective-partner-ag-frontend-wmd-reactjavascript bundesweit remote
hi i hope this can reash anyone that knows better than me the game 's phisics .
every time i try to use a log forwarder like the ponsse buffalo my logs end up sliding around like they are made out of ice .
even worse some times they start bugging the fudge out so much they explode and throw logs everywhere .
is there anything i can do to prevent that from happening ?
is there a mod to make logs actually behave like logs ?
as you 've probably noticed there is a lack of information concerning neurospicy folks having a healthy happy dating life/romantic relationship s .
we 've seen the need to have peer support guiding us through this and have created the sub r/ndcouples so we can help each other .
as nds we have all sorts of mental states to navigate .
meltdowns sensory overload the need for routine less stimulation more stimulation and so much more to function in a nt society that was n't designed for us to succeed .
we are also a more vulnerable population and need to learn boundaries and how to spot red flags in others .
we are targets to those who want to take advantage and use/abuse us .
we need to share our knowledge on healthy boundaries and relationships so we can thrive romantically .
some neurodivergence is from birth and some is acquired .
as we learn more about the brain the conditions and terms we use to discuss neurology evolves .
please be aware of negative stereotypes and stigmas and practice compassion when responding to a post .
we understand neurotypes may be a sensitive topic and some people may not agree with certain terms or their meaning .
this is n't the sub to debate these issues .
this is a sub where nd people can seek help and advice with their mixed neurotype romantic relationship s with acceptance .
all neurodivergent condition persons and their partners all genders and all sexualities are welcome here .
this is an inclusive safe space where we get to talk about our needs and how we can succeed within our nd-nd and nd-nt relationships .
daspan house https www.noblehousetours.com/daspan-house-a-heritage-hotel-jodhpur-india jodhpur is a beautiful heritage hotel situated in the heart of the city .
jodhpur even named the blue city located on the border of the thar desert lived once the capital of the retired princely state of marwar state established as well as 1459 by rao jodha and has been currently the two largest metropolises of rajasthan .
this magnificent palace was built on land measuring 2,000 square yards and it was constructed from red sandstone .
the architecture of this palace is unique as it uses both persian and rajput styles in its design .
i ended up emptying everything into the suitcase then duck taping the box to the handle on top of the suitcase so weight is closer to the ground .
the wtc noida reviews https wtcnoidacomplaints.com/wtc-noida-reviews published a list of abroad colleges that makes it to the list of the best community colleges in 2022 .
amongst these there is the inclusion of western texas college which ranks 25th on the list .
wtc proves to be a helpful mediator between potential students and career opportunities giving immense space for personality development and interactive sessions .
the college follows simplified protocols that ease communication between the professors with the students and their guardians which makes it a 4-star reviewed college .
cilected provides a process driven wordpress development services that makes you lead the web world .
wordpress expert developer ahmedabad provides custom development and total customization of wordpress themes based on individual business and website requirements .
i 'm reputation and she 's 1989 but do n't tell her that
because the doctor does n't know where the wipes are ?
because there 's no rectal tube to control the constantly leaking loose stool ?
and her is and os are definitely wrong since i ca n't measure any of this output .
oh you must be looking for that patients current nurse .
they can help you find all the fresh linens and wipes.
please see me outside we have something to discuss off camera
as long as you are n't reckless and are enjoying yourself i do n't see a problem with it .
slapping hubby in the forehead softly then running to initiate wrestling matches
i punched my 8 year old on the bottom of the foot ... ?
i yelled at a squirrel digging in my pot and terrified my elderly neighbor .
typing them out makes me feel a little crazy but i 'll live .
the light is too harsh or is it just me ?
20 people seem to agree with you but if it starts to obscure the brand name maybe it 's time to lower the intensity .
are these the pictures back when macron was trying to prevent russia from attacking ukraine or he takes these on a regular ?
kind of like celebrate the rioting against jews that presaged the holocaust with our new kfc chicken jalapeno butthole poppers !
have you accepted that jesus is lord and savior ?
capture them and hand them in prayer seeking escape .
ask him if there is anything not of him that it be rebuked and removed from your life .
for the most part i 'm just trolling 😅 .
i 'm glad i were able to make us laugh .
is it raining where you are or is this an emotional metaphor ?
there are sites like rtings and hdtvtest that do objective testing not just change some settings and put up a youtube video .
also the suze will be dictated by how far you watch from .
russian dug a grave then sat in it and waited
also it 's fake says avoid any sugar because diabetes then asks for 100 honey .
so we ca n't 'blame the backcourt defense ' because there are also other limitations on the team like garland/mobley not being prime yet and love/okoro not being two way talents ?
i say we ca n't blame garland/mobley not being prime because we do n't have a big wing defender and rubio is hurt lol .
you 're trying hard but at least so far the garland/mitchell combination has been a problem .
not only defensively where they 're very obviously undersized and if that did n't matter everyone would be doing it btw but offensively too .
each of them plays better when the other is n't on the floor with them .
again so far what 's our record when only one of them has played and our record when both have played ?
small sample size early in the experiment garland is only 22 ... add as many asterisks as you 'd like that 's our current reality and ignoring it because in three years garland will be 25 is silly .
you might as well not log on again until the fall of 2025 .
yep that would typically be the first step in seeing their support .
you clearly do n't understand that provincial and federal government holidays are n't necessarily the same and the federal government ca n't proclaim a holiday for sectors of the economy it does n't have the authority to regulate .
you fittin ' to get scammed by a crypto investment scam operation .
you fittin ' to lose every single penny you pump into this scam .
i do n't know if the guy has a pilot 's license .
nadler 's seat had a thin line snaking through brooklyn
his district looked like that even before the recent redistricting .
that was n't even a partisan gerrymander it was a way of linking jewish communities on the uws and brooklyn .
the dems ' map was plenty greedy but so were dozens of other maps across the country that the republicans drew for themselves .
nearly all of those were allowed to stand yet cuomo 's judges struck down the new york one — it 's the asymmetry that 's deeply unfair .
outro ponto além do que falaram aqui ... ... economia é longo prazo a economia não começou a melhorar só porque o cara se elegeu ... kk
water is the only thing i drink lol but i guess tea ?
mine does n't leak and i 've ridden through plenty of storms in it .
he was n't controlling her decision.he just mentioned that they were going out for a big supper later so did she want to save her appetite ?
plus he was concerned that she had n't eaten all day .
he seems like a nice guy a bit immature and thoughtless but not an asshole like fartise
generally but winter rims went from about 50 last year to 90 this year .
so it might not be worth it unless you drop a few inches might not be possible depending on the vehicle .
does n't the switch support everything but the wiimote in the controllers department ?
the only link i found was n't a study rather an article and explicitly discusses informed consent being required over and over within the text .
this is simply not something that happens without the patient being aware and agreeing and only in setting of a gyn procedure that would involve the necessity of examining the area .
otherwise as i indicated it could be considered sexual assault and no med student with half a brain would risk their future success to do that .
company sponsorship deals for nhs building plaster their logos all over the buildings job done !
even rename the building to the companies name for extra monies .
play a different game for a while or go outside ?
4 pussies and 4 ass 's ... . id spend all day fucking and filling holes all day long
i know from personal experience how difficult and painful this is .
let the lawyer give you guidance on what to do when and how .
if you retain the lawyer as attorney for the estate they can do the heavy lifting .
you do n't need to do this without professional representation .
sorry your post has been removed due to being a frequently posted topic .
epic games is aware of the issue https www.reddit.com/r/fortnite/comments/xm0526/were_aware_of_an_issue_in_save_the_world_that_is and is working on a fix .
in the meantime here are a couple posts that might offer a workaround workaround one https www.reddit.com/r/fortnite/comments/xlslt1/i_found_a_way_to_fix_the_tracks_on_deliver_the workaround two https www.reddit.com/r/fortnite/comments/xl2nqn/dtb_deliver_the_bomb_track_connection_work_around
if you feel this post was removed by mistake please let us know through the modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnite .
please remember to include a link to your post in your message to the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnite otherwise we will not be able to help you !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnite if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not advocating for op to be kicked out .
honestly while i feel that op is 100 ta in this situation with her fiance i 'll admit it is obvious that her heart is in the right place .
the fiance was n't supposed to be back home for a few more months and the friend was supposed to leave in that time but we both know that divorce proceedings sometimes do n't go smoothly and sometimes drag out and get expensive so there 's every possibility that the january move out date comes and goes and the friend remains .
what should have been something that does n't involve the fiance can easily unravel into something that does .
while fiance could and imo should be more understanding of the situation it does n't mean he must be nor does it mean he 's an asshole for not being okay with the friend staying .
it 's about respect and while it 's obvious that the fiance does n't respect the friend it 's also clear that op does n't much respect her fiance .
fwiw in many us states there is common law marriage which does sound a bit like what you describe but the benefit is mainly tax purposes more than it is property rights at least in my state .
i 've known many unmarried couples that have lived together in common-law marriage for years and they all tell me the reason why is to make a potential split in the future easier for everyone involved they also manage their own finances separately .
if league is/was a well-designed team game turning off chat should be considered griefing .
refusing to communicate with team '' used to be a report option .
i 'm sure the people with best winrate have chat on but just ignore toxicity .
atheists do say that ... you do n't have to like it or use the term but your description of it is really going overboard .
if there 's any cowboys here that can confirm that 'd be great !
almost lev 1500 never fired an exploding energy weapon .
next just phrase it as i 've never been this consistent in the gym keep working soldiers !
no reason to say do n't read hunters or i 've never struggled this much .
your submission title most likely does not comply with rule 1 .
here are our title guidelines see the title formatting guidelines in the sidebar for examples
if you are the artist and do n't want to use your own name you can use me as the artist .
if you are not the artist you must specify the artist name .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
i strongly encourage you to watch this talk by dan ariely https youtu.be/5ah2ppjpcho in its entirety and ask your pm to watch it .
pm is quite literally destroying your motivation and does n't have a clue what 's involved in the changes because they 're not including you on those meetings and they should be doing that at a minimum .
i occasionally have periods at my job where i slog through numerous redesigns for similar reasons but i can probably count on one hand the number of times it 's happened over the 7.5 years i 've worked at this position .
however my employer does n't operate on super thin margins and my managers have a decent idea as to what kills intrinsic motivation so fortunately i do n't have people breathing down my neck asking why things are n't finished yet .
there 's certainly some things you can do to mitigate the amount of redesign work needed in terms of how you set up your models but i 'd argue that 's not as important as being included on the meetings that spur said redesigns .
if the pm ca n't understand the issues you mentioned and just says that 's the job suck it up '' then i 'd recommend leaving constantly redesigning something ad nauseam is soul-crushing and a good way to make you hate your life .
i 've fallen in love with the glintstone kris and at least have n't personally heard of anybody else using it .
it does a lot of damage has ranged and close combat options gets buffed by godfrey icon and its follow up attack is a really satisfying way to end an enemy .
this has big walks into convenience store throws his gun onto the counter '' energy .
when i stopped taking klonopin i had insomnia for two years and then it started improving .
her parents are not obligated to do this and it does n't make them bad parents if they do n't .
clearly this situation was n't the best choice the couple made together .
unfortunately it is n't a toy that you got for christmas and now it 's january 3rd and you 're tired of it so you toss it away .
i think that as long as you have a male and female slime they uh make more slimes lol .
everytime i check mine it feels like there 's more slimes than when i left .
i try and aim for purple slimes because they can drop iridium .
being sad about the way women are treated in k-drama romances .
because they 've been deceived and fed poison by zanab .
they 're her friend and she 's been talking shit about cole and painting a picture of a terrible person constantly .
see how none of the girls grilled matt about how he treated colleen ?
because they 're not her friend the same way zanab is .
also part of me thinks that raven and alexa probably do n't like cole as a person to begin with even before the zanab situation .
naturally handsome white guy that thinks he 's the funniest guy in the room who constantly makes inappropriate jokes .
i can see both likely having problems in the past with guys like that and see cole as the embodiment of it and automatically want to peg him down a notch or two .
yep that one 's true and enough to piss of nintendo pretty good
i remember when my parents told me they were n't coming back after i served them coffee
if the famo was 1:28 i would have amde a total buy
yeah it 's a percentage i believe around 13 is what i 'm paying .
i was cash flow positive when i bought it .
now that rates are up i 'm underwater by maybe 50/mth once i pay mortgage condo fees property taxes .
there are other management companies that will charge you less percentage but then will charge fees for service ie 50 if they have to go out a fee for placing a tenant etc .
the one i 'm with is a flat monthly rate and that 's it
no problem i 'm an old heroquest warhammer fan .
if you have any questions about what mini 's for what quest or what warhammer mini they used shoot me a message .
for example the wolf mini in that quest was also used in battle masters .
sometimes you can find them used online pretty cheap as well .
are people amazed so easily these days or am i the one getting numb ?
yeah more like that indeed u have a certain fjord server u play on i could join into ?
why on earth would these players make the starting 11 ?
ime of drying a shit load of vials it depends on how you dry it ... of you let it air dry you get crystals if you heat it you get powder .
kanou just said that she 's the last new servant for this year .
please be civil keep it on topic and follow the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/fiverr/about/rules and reddiquette https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-reddiquette .
this subreddit is currently changing up so there may be major am post removal spam until things get tweaked .
if that 's annoying to you do n't complain in a reply to this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fiverr if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mholvote if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not sure these other comments actually answered your question .
these are all of the ancient paradoxes which are native to scarlet .
their counterparts are the future paradoxes which are native to violet .
there are eight of each but only volcarona and donphan have part in both groups .
to be fair they did n't say they would be usable on seasonal skins and they also gave you a week to log on before servers went down to purchase whatever you wanted with currency .
i do n't like how they 're handling the game but this one is one you bud
ich war in einer ähnlichen situation und leide auch unter depressionen .
so nothing changes and i get 3 million dollars ?
i 'm an alpha-stage bot so do n't rely on me just yet .
but you can still learn how to use me https gist.github.com/brohitbrose/be99a16ddc7a6a1bd9c1eef28d622564 .
you use your arms more than back during pull ups
i silent sneeze where i cover my nose and keep my mouth closed
but i want to support fallen soldiers so i 'm doing
a colleague and i were working on the climate friendly devcon vi dapp for devcon vi .
attendees can offset their flight and participation at devcon vi in bogota
it was a community initiative and was featured in various places during devcon .
we just had a vote on what climate project to support and are wrapping up everything in the next 2 weeks i guess .
we also did a minimal flight offsetter which still needs some improvements https flight.discarbon.earth
at devcon i met someone from klimadao so if you want to talk to them .
by the way i still remember your contributions to the discussion of the co2 emission of the ethereum pow chain a year ago .
this discussion helped shaping my opinions of the refi space .
hahaha but i ca n't according to 1 timothy 2:12 😂💀
my wedding drank the venue out of macallan 12 and they had to put out macallan 18 .
it was a nice fuck you to them after they gave us a hard time about moving our wedding to another date because of a literal hurricane .
they 're illegal on public property which highway intersections often are .
you can go on the county website and see who owns which parcels .
but i would assume it depends on your climate and where in your garden it 's buried .
humid climate and buried in a shady spot that tends to stay pretty humid ?
what she 's doing is gaslighting playing off your insecurities to make you question and doubt your own sanity .
she 's wrong and going by her outrage she 's very aware of it and does n't like being portrayed as the ignorant selfish monster she is hence her actions .
the only person in this room should be coldmirror .
in shameless der amerikanischen version gibt es zwei betroffene charaktere und ich fand die darstellung sehr gelungen habe als sozialarbeiterin in dem feld gearbeitet und nehme daher meinen vergleich .
kann dir die serie auch anderweitig nur empfehlen das gesamte familiensystem ist insgesamt nah an der fachliteratur zu entwicklung von kindern alkoholabhängier bzw .
both the things are worse like experiencing hell many times before dying .
one ends sooner and other lasts until the apocalypse .
alright with all honesty.. you are the only person that can be bored all the time and i wo n't even get mad for it .
anyone else feel the same way or is it just me ?
how can i make this my user flair in this sub
besides the kid would have to be seriously well endowed to even reach the blades .
mcconnell 's pac has spent about 178 million on advertising in five key u.s. senate races — georgia nevada north carolina ohio and pennsylvania ''
john fetterman a democrat and celebrity tv doctor mehmet oz a republican are vying for the state 's open u.s. senate seat the senate leadership fund has spent 41 million on advertising this year.
nope they are the main cast percival is the actual mc of this series as we follow him since the beginning .
even the synopsis talk about him the opening of the series and there is his helmet in the 4 knight of the apocalypse logo .
i would warn my children to stay away from folks like you
you 'll be asked about your salah time and responsibilities .
dont ever think about doing tawbah because the money will never be worth it because of loss of barakah .
besides changing priorities will leave you miserable and getting back to your routine life will be hard .
why do we put oursleves in trouble when allah wants ease for us ?
embarrassment to family ... when you have siblings that are successful as well as their partners its hard to talk about .
families have that competition thing whether its right or not .
i 'm ready to call his dad and take him out of here .
his sister wo n't put up with this shit .
i honestly do n't know but am looking forward to the episode
mine starts with a b and ends with reaking bad .
its gon na be a little hard to guess so i apologize in advance
that 's bad but i have n't had such experiences even though i was told by other people this whenever i email them asking if there is an age limit or similar they would reply that they do n't anyway i am happy that you did n't end up spending your money at a place like that .
ahh wait you 're dreamy lmao i thought you 're another person posting her guide here .
us elections remind me of r/watchpeopledie it 's appalling but ca n't look away
i feel like you already have three top-15 wrs which is pretty decent in a 14-team league .
it could make sense to trade away etn and tank to get a higher pick though 1.1-1.4 ?
especially if you can get aj brown lamb waddle .
it would set you up for several year at the position .
pick rbs in the draft and then next year you can try to flip ridley if he comes back strong .
lmao lay off the dabs for a couple hours bro legit everybody understood the value of what he said besides you
some identify makima with the fear of loss of autonomy .
i have completely taken apart the og peak chamber and soaked it in 99 iso .
used an ultrasonic parts cleaner to break down the build up .
if the top ceramic piece is intact you can fix it .
honey i hope with all my heart that you get to the point where you can hear this song and not feel that pang in your heart .
i wish you all the love on your journey to healing .
i would eat you out even before taking you home with me .
i did this last night as i hit my volcano and had to head to the living room
i 've been learning the states and capitals for fun
sometimes i 'll click on a funny bird video but that 's it .
all the comments were people saying how great this is and wanting to buy them .
if this is how someone thinks i 'd probably just leave .
r/onlyfansnaturallyhot is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
if you want to know why a sub is not available please see https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/comments/yk5vn8/why_is_the_subreddit_marked_private
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans_promo temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfanspromotion temporarily unavailable a subreddit for when you are running promotional specials
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfanspetite temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for smaller than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanssmallgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for shorter than average height
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for the next door type girl
r/onlyfanslifestyle temporarily unavailable an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
to ensure that only creators post in our subs posts without an onlyfans link underneath post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line in the same message .
if you have put your link under your post and your post was not approved .
delete your comment and post your link a second time .
reddit can have issues which can prevent the approval from going through .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnaturallyhot if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm going to say the eagles just to piss people off but we all know it 's nirvana .
you only have to worry when you feel pressure and hear a crunch .
their sneak 100 flood of endorphins it wo n't last long .
it 's both her master at arms teaches her to play defensively to wear men down then attack when they are tired its exactly what she does and she cuts jamie several times then completely overpowers him .
5 year degree is probably the biggest selling point to get an engineering degree from uc .
co-op helps you pay for classes and you get 1.5 years of industry even before you graduate .
mechanical and aerospace faculty is actually pretty good and there are quite a few jobs in ohio for mechanical or aerospace engineers .
yes mechanical or aerospace engineering are pretty math heavy to a point where you can end up with a math minor .
calc 1,2 and 3 could be biggest gpa killers and people drop out of engineer because of these classes .
however there are tons of resources on campus to help freshmen with math classes
i could n't send you a chat i have it and can sell it to you .
we keep just leaving people open and they 're making everything .
we look just as bad as we did in the last 5 minutes of the clippers game
although it 's probably best to support the business by buying concessions you 're allowed to bring in food .
they ban barbecues and open fires for your safety '' but i 've seen folks basically tailgating and cooking presumably with an electric hot plate or something .
you do n't actually have to sit in your car you can bring camp chairs etc .
if you 've got an old-school fm boombox bring it so you do n't have to keep your car electrical system turned on the whole time .
and you seem weirdly proud of patronizing a restaurant that screws over their servers
i wana live in that universe where we win stuff
i work on a cardiac floor and we want the potassium to be at least 4 for our patients so we 're calling for anything less than that !
wpd has some solid default settings that do n't interfere .
o o is a little more involved but might break something here and there .
she does n't know it yet but it 's her christmas gift !
just need to find an equally awesome frame for it !
she saves both dick and pussy by giving them cpr
this is as dumb as the crazy extreme anti-abortion laws being challenged now .
this is no exception and good luck enforcing it outside the wv .
that is such a hard question but i think i 'll go with the final wall arc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly i never really understand what goes on because the wow subtitles are trash but i actually enjoyed it a lot and found it very funny .
i do n't think obama should 've been in the bottom tho maybe i 'm missing something cause i do n't know the character but i thought she was pretty funny
i suspect that after helping to beat back mcgeachin in the primaries moderates mostly stuck with brad especially with the bundy crowd of carpetbaggers shifting the overton window into cuckoo-bananas territory .
you deserve to know that you are an amazing human and i wish nothing but good things for you !
i think you misread ... . never said they do .
right now you could probably sell it on os for .3 ish who knows tomorrow or next week i could see it going either way .
i doubt she developed an eating disorder on the show .
she probably has always struggled with this and insecurities trigger it .
i prefer using old reddit on desktop so i ca n't see the profile pictures or avatars though
now most of them are n't anymore since they have gained independence and are the dominant part of their respective societies and so on .
indigenous status was lost once the dominance and colonial relationship were gone .
why do you say not all have to be hit ?
if we accept this as a fact then me as a québécois can call myself an indigenous person if i want to .
« they are determined to preserve develop and transmit to future generations ... their ethnic identity as the basis of their continued existence as peoples in accordance with their own cultural patterns social institutions ... » we kinda fit this .
fitting this alone does not make me an indigenous person i have to fit the whole definition .
that 's simply what dom 's model spit out and he literally says in the very same article that he thinks it 's wrong
the idea of models is that they should help elucidate not distort underlying trends .
if you plug in a bunch of inputs and assumptions about the weather and your model spits out that there 's gon na be a snow storm in july the proper thing to do is to go back to the drawing table until it arrives at results you can defend not just post them anyways with my model sucks here because i do n't know what i 'm actually doing '' footnote .
but they should be more honest with its negative implications
i am a 24 year old zoomer who has heard both the brain development issue and how it affects your short term memory loss over and over and over again since i first found out about pot at 13 .
i 've heard these things from everyone from my ridiculously conservative parents to my giga stoner friend .
who is being dishonest about the negative implications of pot exactly ?
because again as someone under 25 i have heard about every negative implication about pot under the sun both real and fake and i think you 'd struggle to find other under 25 's who are n't in the same boat .
look man i have people i dislike too but you never see me going out of my way doing shit like this .
in the full version he asks why people are so kind to him tonight .
the way i understood it was you just ca n't live in the same house hold in this case apartment .
as long as you 're not living together and not discussing the details per the agreements we all sign you will be fine .
telus is likely just looking at the address you give them and if it matches exactly down to apartment number that would send a flag in their system i would think .
have it graded by a company who gives oc qualifiers .
will be your best bet at commanding a higher price for it .
haha shit i was going to comment something similar .
do n't need to worry about micro fractures kicking bags if you got goats ramming your shins
well you can put your own money together risk your time and savings create a coffee business and pay your employees what they want to be paid .
promo 39 and 102/107 are much more than sylveon .
gardevoir lv x and rayquaza c dp47 i can do .
i can add my hp gardevoir ex from sandstorm and my dragon frontiers ex gardevoir for both alts .
gee i wonder if anyone has ever notably used vampires '' to dehumanize a specific group of people before ...
i wo n't harp on you but monster blood 4 is going to get you some flak lol
these are not toddlers and there is nothing oddly satisfying about this .
iirc you get the edit star also have three upvotes .
it 's whatever comes first three minutes or three votes .
when a highway starts with an even number it means the highway will ultimately come back to it 's orignal interstate .
highways that start with odd means that it will not return to the original interstate .
after 10 years of war all fractions come together to farm turret hacks so everyone can get the knive.thanks to all the friendly cloakers we finished the auraxian war 3
i found the surname and supposedly this town has the oldest records containing my surname .
only i ca n't find any first names ... german privacy is rough .
recently decided to start going by and introducing myself as chell. i will admit i chose it because the character chell from the portal series has always been one of my favorite characters and probably had some affect on myself realizing i ai n't exactly cis exactly .
i also like the name because it 's got the double l thing going on along with my favorite noise ch.
i had always figured that chell was a fairly normal name used by people .
i mean there 's people named michelle and chelsey .
i 'm sure they used chell as a nickname or the likes before .
woe is me because apparently the only people i can find who go by chell are two fictional characters one from portal and the other from the road to el dorado .
another fun thing i 've discovered is that so far i 've never been able to introduce myself with chell without needing to clarify it 's spelling or pronunciation .
either people hear shell or one one occasion joe ?
it 's not something that bothers me a whole lot and in fact it 's made me have a bit more connection with my name .
i just really needed to tell someone about my experience so far .
so i have a few mental health issues including depression adhd ptsd etc .
i need to find a psychiatrist in kc however i am currently uninsured .
i am extremely wary of those trendy mental healthcare apps like cerebral and stuff because i have had bad experiences with them and i will not go to swope so please do n't bother mentioning them .
they treat poor people like subhuman trash and i 'm not going through that again .
i had heard great things about pakc because they do n't try to pull any kind of bullshit with drug testing patients and/or assuming those who need adhd treatment are just drug seekers or liars .
however when i called them a few days ago they said they are n't taking any new patients right now .
so does anyone have any recommendations for a psychiatrist in this city who treats their patients with dignity and respect that are accepting new patients right now ?
playing on give me no mercy '' i cleared all the other bersekers so far but this one has killed me more times than the rest of them combined .
her parry window is off from the indicator and the sisters shooting shit at you creates situations where its impossible to parry or dodge one attack or the other particularly with that tracking orb you have to shoot but cant because the main bastard is doing a series of attacks ...
this boss really is frustrating me and not in the fun challenging way just pure bullshit that leaves me feeling their was nothing i could have done given the windows of counterattacking and parries .
wish they would tweak the parry window on the main enemie 's axe swing something about it is just not right .
so earlier this year me and a couple of friends went to an open air rave after we could n't go for so long bc of ✨️covid✨️ .
i wore a cute black dress that went to my thighs and ofc underwear underneath .
it was super fun we hung out danced one of my friends brought molly for everyone and we were having a great time .
after a couple of hours we kinda lost eachother and people did their own thing for a while the girls with bfs hung out and made out with them soo being single at the time i decided to go back to the main crowd and just dance and vibe some more .
it was a huge crowd not soon after i joined i was surrounded by people in all directions it was so tight i could barely look around .
it was louud loud music people going off i could barely hear my own voice either .
then i felt hands brushing over my ass at first i did n't think anything of it bc it was so crowded and i thought maybe it was just an accident .
a few minutes later the hands came back though and this time they stayed on my ass .
anyway i was really feeling myself the molly had me a bit horny and i thought he could n't see my face anyways so i sort of thought fuck it and grinded my ass into the hands a little .
he took it as invitation because the hands got alot more aggressive afterwards feeling my ass up all over trying to squeeze it through the dress .
i felt myself getting wet almost immediately and let out a small moan but luckily it was so fucking loud that no one could 've possibly heard .
one of his hands slipped under my dress and started playing with my thong .
my heart was almost jumping out of my chest being groped like that basically in the middle of dozens of people but i was feeling too good to stop him and luckily people around us were too busy vibing to notice anything .
eventually he was full on playing with my dripping pussy having pulled my dress up a little too and slipped my thong down all the way to my feet before he motioned my legs up to step out of it which i almost immediately did without thinking .
i was having the time of my life basically constantly moaning now as i could n't hold back anymore being fingered by this complete stranger .
i could n't even see his face which somehow made it even hotter .
when he slipped 2 fingers into my cunt i knew i would n't be able to hold on long anymore my legs got weak and i lost it cumming right there being unable to focus on anything but my pussy anymore .
i had to lean against him to make sure i did n't fall over and make it obvious to anyone what just happened .
he kept going for a little while after that before he pulled his fingers out and simply wiped them clean on my ass making me feel like a whore .
soon after that left still being dazed and weak on my legs i forgot to pick up my panties 💀 .
i still had no idea who he was if he left before me if he was watching me .
as i left i tried to look around but obviously there was no way to tell .
i met back up with my friends and we went home soon after i did n't tell any of them but i feel like my best friend may have noticed that at least 'something ' happened to me bc she kept giving me looks during the drive but she did n't say anything .
does anyone know of a good spot locally online or in person to sell outdoor gear think backpacks sleeping bags climbing gear etc ?
most lightly or never used hoping to give a second life to gear that i just do n't use or love anymore without taking a huge price hit .
recommendations greatly appreciated as i do n't know where to go
i started a little discord group where i invite males to have fun with me and share my nudes .
i am a pre transition transgirl just looking to have some fun with some guys and be slutty around when i can and show off so if you are interested please message me at annaboo 9542 on discord and i can let you in hope to see you all soon 3
curious to see what people are reading subscribing too these days ...
california sun https socketsite.com daily email about all things california
there is a beautiful woman named elizabeth bathory that is more beautiful than anyone .
she who took care of her beauty with the blood of young girls gave birth to a son named miguel .
no one knows anything about that son and he grew to become a human eating monster .
... read bathory 's deadly curse chapter 14 mangapuma .
been stuck in plat for a while and looking for some folks to break through to diamond with .
i 'm 23 and would like to mic up with some other chill yet competitive players .
either drop your credentials and i 'll add ya or send me a dm for mine
i have 130 products where the only change is the label .
i am looking for a python or coffee script which will swap out the image in the texture or rotate through all of the available textures in order from either a csv file or folder .
i tried doing this in photoshop and it did n't look great .
achieve this when you go to settings and disable these .
i 've been doing this for a month now and it 's great .
looking for a resource pack that shows the chunk grid lines that works for xbox .
what will pripyat look like after 10-20 years according to you ?
i just feel it 's a possibility we grab him cause the family connection .
saint paisius velichkovsky https 3.bp.blogspot.com/-7uag7z-lvfa/uogg87pjhmi/aaaaaaaalqw/01zgzjcqmse/s1600/paisius+2.jpg was born in ukraine in 1722 one of the many children of a priest .
he attended the ecclesiastical academy in kiev but was disappointed by the worldliness love of ease and western theological climate that he found there .
after four years he left the school and embarked on a search for a spiritual father and a monastery where he could live in poverty .
he eventually found wise spiritual guides in romania where many of the russian monks had fled after peter the great 's reforms .
spiritual life was at a low ebb there also and plato the name he had been given as a novice became a hermit devoting his days to prayer and reading the holy scriptures and the writings of the fathers .
after four years a visiting elder from romania tonsured him a monk under the name paisius and advised him to live with other monks to avoid the spiritual dangers of taking up the solitary life too soon .
a few brethren from romania arrived seeking to make him their spiritual father but as he felt unworthy to take on this task all of them lived in poverty and mutual obedience .
others joined them from romania and the slavic countries and in time they took up the cenobitic life with paisius as their reluctant abbot .
in 1763 the entire community grown to sixty-five in number left the holy mountain and returned to romania .
they were given a monastery where they adopted the athonite rule of life .
abbot paisius introduced the jesus prayer and other aspects of hesychasm to the monastic life there before this time they had been used mostly by hermits .
the services of the church were conducted fully with the choirs chanting alternately in slavonic and romanian .
the monks confessed to their elder every evening so as not to let the sun go down on their anger and a brother who held a grudge against another was forbidden to enter the church or even to say the lord 's prayer until he had settled it .
the monastic brotherhood eventually grew to more than a thousand divided into two monasteries .
visitors and pilgrims came from russia greece and other lands to experience its holy example .
athos and undertook to produce accurate slavonic translations of the writings of many of the fathers of the church .
the greek philokalia had been published not long before and st. paisius produced a slavonic version that was read throughout the slavic orthodox world .
this is the philokalia that the pilgrim carries with him in the way of a pilgrim .
the saint reposed in peace in 1794 one year after the publication of his slavonic philokalia .
the synaxarion summarizes his influence these translations and the influence of the saint through the activity of his disciples in russia led to a widespread spiritual renewal and to the restoration of traditional monastic life there which lasted until the revolution of 1917 . ''
having become a stranger on earth you reached the heavenly homeland o venerable father paϊsios .
you taught the faithful to lift up their minds to god crying out to him with all their hearts lord jesus christ son of god have mercy on me a sinner.
like a much-laboring bee you were an elect zealot of the monastic life supplying our souls with the writings of the fathers through which you guide us on the path of salvation .
therefore we cry out to you hail truly wise paϊsios for through you the tradition of spiritual elders has been restored to us !
i just got off the phone with the dealership that i bought my bike from and they quoted me almost 1000 for the first service and told me that i had to do it there and not diy as they would void the warranty .
so how do i go about sending a service record of completing it myself to kawasaki to maintain my warranty ?
or do i just keep records with all the necessary information if anything were to come up ?
i 'm sorry if there 's a sub better suited to this .
this fall was my first semester the university that i am attending .
i have not filled out fafsa yet because it gives me so much anxiety .
i know that 's stupid and i do n't want to hear anyone say how stupid i am .
i do n't really have any guidance or family who went to college so everything is anxiety-inducing new and scary to me .
i literally paid out of pocket this semester but i do n't have the funds to do that next semester .
class registration for next semester opened up yesterday and i do n't know where to start with all of this .
i constantly feel like i 'm going to throw up because i 'm so anxious and all i want to do is go to school next semester .
if someone who has been through the process and knows how it works and can offer any advice or calming words i would appreciate it '
hey guys i just got iphone 5s with ios 7.1 on it im wondering if i jailbreak with pangu jailbreak and if i later in future reset phone to factory settings will i keep jailbreak or im new in jailbreaking
hi guys i have a ddj-400 and rekordbox 5.8 and i use it to record sets at home prepare club gigs and to go play at some outdoor events i have heard so many different things and read so many stuff about changing or not changing and i was wondering if i update will i loose anything that i can still have in 5.8 or not i´m not thinking about changing my hardware as well i can prepare for club gigs and practice perfectly on this one so what do you think .
my wii is currently modded with home brew nintendont and i use it play 20xxte and a few other gamecube games no problem here
however i would like to have the multiple different builds of the game on my wii ie 1.03 uncle punch 20xx training pack .
is it possible to do this how do i do it ?
can i have multiple melee iso 's on nintendont without conflicting saves on the memory card ?
will it create 4 different saves on the card and i just have to use the corresponding iso 's ?
or is this even possible to do whilst keeping my other gamecube saves on the card .
we don´ t even play football so i doubt people would talk about it there
radical feminist they usually consist of trans exclusionary radical feminist or terfs .
that 's the equivalent straw man of when pro lifers say you 're murdering babies because you do n't think life is precious .
this characterization does n't further discourse and only entrenches your own believes without critical thought .
wären sie so freundlich und würden den text hier posten ?
ich habe keine lust 99€ im jahr zu zahlen .
wait what happened to him did n't he score in the last match ?
sad that it happened to two players after being called up
i 'm so afraid they 'll just ignore all criticism and make another shit season
not sure any of the nearby stores were striking .
and this really is n't out of the ordinary also mobbed on the first day of pumpkin spice just a few weeks ago .
just do n't buy one then take a class .
take the class figure out what you want and need then buy .
colbert is a very mainstream voice on the american left .
it 's safe to say that people do n't hold back on family members when they are linked to politicians they do n't like .
came out to my midwest mom at 15 two and a half years later we 're driving down the road and out of nowhere she turns to me and goes so you 're still gay ? ''
she says okay i 'm ready to accept that now .
and what i tell them all is go ahead and sign up if you 're such a big man '' .
oh wait you 'll just sit back and tell us how you almost joined the army once 🤣
you suck then euls they go down you probably sucked half the damage you can get from them already .
that 's it although she would n't have been arrested if there had n't been a mild contempt of cop '' action involved .
some folks would be way happier if they just admitted they had a kink .
ope forgot to ask did you partially disassemble the switch to remove the rail clean the rail and reconnect it ?
or did you leave the switch fully assembled and clean the rail ?
after 30 games trying out different rune item combinations these are my thoughts so far
out of the new tank mythics the only ones that are worth building are jak'sho and ibg .
jak'sho has amazing syngergy with demonic embrace just like riftmaker since it allows you to remain in combat for a longer time and keep those resistances stacked .
i 100 recommend adding a rylai 's to the mix since the drain passive from the mythic applies item effects so you can slow entire teams at once without even having to touch them .
i love the sheen damage and the slow scales really well with demonic embrace and titanic hydra .
late game you become this massive beast that runs around melting enemy hp bars with the only counterplay being keeping you ccd and far away .
i also recommend rushing botrk into nashor 's tooth before building it .
the slow early game spike from botrk and the scaling from nt are mandatory if you want to stay relevant the entire game .
when it comes to legendary items sunfire aegis is not that worth unless you 're stacking tons of hp .
since you 're usually going to be around 5k max hp at full build elixir i would personally not sacrifice the possibility of having botrk in my build or even a turbo chemtank to help me chase down enemies .
and last but not least trusty old divine sunderer .
i had a game where i was facing a 9k max hp heartsteel sion and it was impossible to even make a dent on him .
the healing feels great sure and it helps you stay in combat longer but katarina 's kit is designed to be played around her resets and even while the entire enemy team was dead the sion could still 1v5 and became scarier the lower his hp got .
i am now a jak'shorina enjoyer and you should be too .
the only way to stop you from killing all of them is by killing you but they ca n't kill you either .
the moment you get your 3rd item it 's doomed for them .
also the more you get use to it you 'll be able to navigate the dissociative effects of salvia easier .
found it really helped as dnfed cc at first .
there is a chance it will run any number of times .
ok now its clear this is just to get the fans onside ?
while i agree ochochincos quote is missing context dyami and watson should not be compared
like when piracy stopped when the pirate bay founder got arrested .
i hope your wisdom teeth recovery is going well .
i remember when i got mine taken out under local anaesthetic haha it was pretty painful .
i have mandibular hypoplasia on one side so it 's surgery to correct my upper jaw cant and also to rotate my lower jaw and chin .
my bite itself it actually really good but it 's really asymmetrical i also have tmj issues and sometimes issues with speech .
i 'm in north island i waited probably 10 months to get this first appointment but it looks like things are happening quicker than before !
all the best to both of us keen to see your updates 😁
if i 'd like to intern for a democratic candidate in the future would having an internship from a local republican candidate harm me more than it would help ?
if this is the crux of your decision then do n't worry about it .
if you 're not wanting to do it for personal reasons then that is a different issue .
while offices and campaigns like to see interns who align with their values it wo n't hurt in the future .
our friend group went from tuesday night softball games pre-covid to tuesday night video games .
we try and keep the same time since half of us have kids now it 's hard to make the time some weeks but we continue on the next week or a make up night later in the same week .
my wife thinks it 's great we still have time to hang out and chat just this time i 'm saving money buying beers at the grocery instead of the bar and i 'm not coming home with injuries from a rough night of softball .
would you prefer we smash in the local star bucks windows and burn down mom and pop shops ?
seems like dd is turning into part time job for most .
shut up you goose op idiot non domestic duck immigration loving black and white feathered goose idiot
mature restraint to not be indulgent and let it go too long .
that is like the exact opposite of disney star wars to this point .
this will be a cash advance from my credit in which the most recent statement has already ended november 15th
there was a call in parliament calling the protestors moharebin .
i do n't understand you guys obsession with cia consipracy theories .
let alone these huge reach that being concerned for thousands of innocent life is part of some master plan or whatever in your head is
more than likely the whole apartment complex has an infestation .
practice on the equipment you 're using before your test .
know that getting the number accurate is critical which may mean pumping someone with high bp up above the 160-180 mark that you 're supposed to and taking a few point deduction bc if someone has 190/100 and you 're pump them up to 180 you will fail that skill and the whole test .
people in our society are n't exhausted like back in the day if you have trouble sleeping you need to tire yourself out throughout the day ideally by moving a lot and doing manual work
imagine how exhausted a group of fantasy adventurers must be if it existed
how do we know this is out of state ?
he 'll be spending this christmas with his dad at a rental christmas cottage in his favorite town .
i was just born very tall and then nothing im talentless piece of garbage
thats part of my issue with sbmm in the game .
i actually support it as a concept but the way its implemented in the game is terrible .
you 'll play well one game against people who are terrible and then the next game you will do awful playing against great players and its just back and forth between the two .
theres no middle ground with people who are the same as you .
your permanently playing against people who are either way below you or way above you .
i knew about the pedophilia thing but i did n't know about the all-around bad person thing ''
your clearly mature eager and ready i love your butt btw
had the same problem with my two piece sectional couch .
they wear out after a few months but they 're so cheap and come in a large pack
are you claiming that a statistically significant amount of people have successfully claimed peoples ' wealth and careers over jokes or are you admitting you 're railing about a boogeyman and the fact is you just get hurt feelings when not everyone agrees with you about quality content .
please report this to zoruda all of your commands in this comment have been rolled back
message=session.query models.messages .filter_by key=f '' slime_welcome '' .first .value.format player=player leaderboard=f '' https reddit.com session.query models.posts .filter_by name='shop ' .first .id ''
praw.exceptions.redditapiexception ratelimit looks like you 've been doing that a lot .
take a break for 4 minutes before trying again . ''
if only we could figure out how to love each other and get along the it would truly be amazing .
regardless of if i care or not what matters is that i definitely do not care more about the unborn than women unlike pl .
but also the guy who sent that email made multiple threats of violence against specific individuals .
my pain left upper thigh/groin nerve pain and deep pelvic pain has been immediately brought when i entered an exam room .
it would surprise me each time until i noticed the connection so i do strategies to keep my sympathetic system calm by recognizing the pending stressor and doing all i can to feel safe and calm .
this does n't mean the pain is all in your head i say this because i 've been told this and there are practitioners/researchers who really do believe chronic pain is solely psychological and it is idiotic to assume chronic pain has only a one-factor cause/contributor .
the receptors are already overstimulated/hypersensitive so an increase in stress is ben just the increase in blood flow that occurs in fight or flight is enough to irritate already irritated nerves and pain receptors .
there 's a limit how much you can cover before it 's call black face .
lol sure tell me bank runs need to happen when a real bank run happens on your life savings and you 're left with nothing
only going to get better and better from here on .
my man the thing driving up rent prices in athens is that there are more people living here than there are places to live .
except framerates can absolutely affect gameplay especially for a fast paced reaction shooter like doom .
you 're gimping your gameplay experience by going 30 instead of 60 because you literally have less visual information when it comes to aiming tracking and reacting .
the only time 30 fps is acceptable in this day and age is if you 're playing on a portable device like the switch which is the only understandable trade-off .
claiming that an uneducated moron who dropped out of his first years 3 decades ago understands physics better than legions of trained professionals with phd is definitely an unreasonable and ridiculous statement in anybody 's book but yours i.e .
current indian government is as close to rw as you can get .
but if it helps i do n't know how these accusations about mukesh ambani being in bed with government existed even with the previous governments all lw by world standards .
he was the richest indian for a long time .
maybe people are confusing him with adani https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gautam_adani ?
i get passed on the right all the time going at the limit in the second lane on a 5-lane stretch .
i do n't want to deal with onramp merging so i avoid the far right but even with both lanes next to me empty people change right instead of left to pass with alarming frequency .
it 's quite hard you 'd have to grind down the chamber area and reweld entire breech to be completely vertical .
drilling a new hole for the firing pin is also problematic since there 's a center hole already it 's best to mill it but if you have that kind of equipment it 's better to make a completely new gun with a barrel from this air rifle .
hi guys my daughter and i just finished setting this up ... . we wo n't be moving our boy in for ages yet as we are now going to begin monitoring temps humidity and viability of the bioactiveness !
so the substrate is coco fibre earth and sphagnum moss mix .
pic 2 shows the cold hide and pic 3 the warm one .
please ignore the multitude of electrics in there right now they 're only in those positions while we stabilise everything .
finally we have leaf litter and the cow isopods and springtails as cuc .
there 's a heat mat under the cold end led lights and a ceramic heat emitter in the middle .
if you think we 're missing anything or it does n't look right even to begin stabilising please let us know !
republicans that are bitching now you realize you 're gon na have the presidency in a couple of years right ?
bro took 6 classes and is out here diagnosing people like he has a phd .
yeah sure thing but comparing that to what russia is doing is feeding their propoganda .
making any of this about anything else if fucking unacceptable .
i 've let him know and he very much is on here watching
definitely worth reading if you can accept that you might very well never see them finished .
hi i 'm taniko yamamoto the project lead for rehike .
rehike is specifically an enthusiast project to restore hitchhiker itself .
we do this via an emulation of the hitchhiker frontend server .
that means that unlike 7kttube or youtube redux there 's no polymer involved in rehike at all .
sure if your goal is to simply change the design you probably would be better off with an easier to setup alternative .
using rehike also means you get the real old youtube .
old userscripts or extensions will be compatible and you 'll get a better user experience if you 're pairing it with an older browser than polymer themes .
finally it easily avoids the uncanny valley feeling of polymer themes like redux or 7kttube which otherwise feel off to those of us who have experience with using the old youtube .
with that said you absolutely do n't have to use rehike if you do n't want to .
we certainly have n't broadened our scopes enough to ship a simplified installer nor have we yet built the infrastructure on which that must rely .
besides i think the community 's justification for using it differs from my own we got a large influx of users during the phase the polymer themes were broken which implies to me a lot of them were looking for another alternative to these mods .
i 'll never forget the first time i saw jiro kawara in a gamera movie
not only was saru himself already aware of the existence of alien live the other sentient species on the same planet were already a spacefaring civilization the ba'ul .
i 've jus seen the instagram post ofc i 'm not surprised at all but do n't they see how cringy they are like sheitan worshipper '' .
honestly i 'm happy i do n't live in east london or birmingham seeing muslims acting hard daily .
halfway to my island obelisk now ... thanks also to those who recommended going to the bottom of the volcano regularly and killing every lava lurk .
it is not just pure melodrama it is not even accurate .
now compare how much money he has to how much money u have 🤡
got so bored after 2 episodes the girl has potential but the guy is a big turn off for the anime too plain too uninteresting
perhaps general obesity and bad health caused more americans to die .
i 'm sorry but what about the distinct lack of adult features is weird to you ?
no amount of makeup and push up bra magic hides what 's sitting underneath all of that all that well .
you can follow all the tutorials you want you 're just going to look like a 12 year old with too much makeup .
i have never seen a 12 year old that did n't look like a clown trying to pull that off .
i 'm saying it does n't matter if crocs hacks can do that to gaara .
a casual momoshiki speed blitzes anyone in op at their peak .
and please let me hear these light speed feats that go on in one piece everyday .
wtf was that turn on the light ftl point you tried to make .
a combo has to be second nature to you before you use it in matches .
you will end up experimenting or frankenstein '' them in matches anyway .
look up the aforementioned ryzing sol specifically for wall wall carry combos .
these are the ones you will likely use the most get most of your damage from .
i 'm 168cm and i understand it might not be enough for someone and that 's okay .
i personally prefer if they are as upfront about it .
adjust the gas tax for inflation first if you care so much about roads .
i 'm not asking for a novel just more than one word and if you do n't have any ideas you do n't have to respond .
that 's like if you asked for directions to get somewhere and the persons says west
i 'm very well aware but the govt folks who work right alongside them often get paid quite a bit less .
there 's perks for sure but many of those are long game and not as quickly tangible .
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
wags the spoon i kinda think that 's right but i kinda think that 's wrong
screw the hawks never again betting on such a wimpy team .
if it 's romantic most men need it as direct as possible so it ca n't be misconstrued as friendliness we might be misunderstanding
⬇️ download links redditsave https redditsave.com/info ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/comments/yu5cpi/wanna_do_jj_on_telegram_cock_n_jack_for_her_as_u ? ref=jotc redd.tube https redd.tube ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/comments/yu5cpi/wanna_do_jj_on_telegram_cock_n_jack_for_her_as_u for this post .
please remember to read and follow all the rules https www.reddit.com/r/jerkofftoceleb/about/rules !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jerkofftoceleb if you have any questions or concerns .
i had to have surgery to remove a fibroma .
immediately in recovery i felt like my bladder was going to explode and i could n't go on a bed pan .
my husband and the nurse walked me to the bathroom and in my post anesthesia haze i asked my husband to come into the bathroom with me not really thinking much of it .
then for almost a whole week after surgery he was very cold toward me .
no hugs no hand holding i tried to touch him and he pulled away .
when i finally talked to him about it he said he was traumatized by watching me pee and seeing my bloody pad .
now i acknowledge that he does not do well with blood .
but the fact that he could n't even touch me was incredibly hurtful and made me feel like there was something wrong with my body .
we 're working on it and i 'm really trying to understand his point of view but as a person that bleeds every month it 's so hard for me to understand the perspective that any romantic mystery is dead .
yeah ... let me swerve into this idiot that makes him the idiot not me right ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
you have failed to ask a question in your title
your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title .
double check everything including punctuation and try posting again .
if you 're wanting to tell a story or explain something please try r/self .
if you 're needing advice of any kind try r/advice
if you 're looking for a fact based answer try r/answers
if you 're looking for something that has slipped your mind try r/tipofmytongue .
anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs .
if you need more clarification or feel this was an error please contact the mods and provide a link to this post thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's me since i hit puberty 30something years ago .
first dr decided that 's just the way i am .
dr 's since ... well you 're a busy working mum ...
i can get 9 hours of decent sleep but still never feel rested and could curl up and sleep on your floor right now .
i asked this in the extra field but how active of players are you shooting for ?
i 'd hate to take up a slot if most folks are going to pull 8 hours a day
he overpaid 30bn for an unprofitable company has to bay 1bn interest and took massive amounts of debt by leveraging his tesla stock .
sense he 's the face of tesla watch as both tank .
essentially like not giving another person any say in what happens .
this is coercion guilt tripping minimizing harm gaslighting this is not okay .
please stop posting fucking screenrant in here its a garbage site ran by garbage people
i would be all for the dismantling of the parties or at the very least ranked choice voting .
and that 's a minimum to the electoral reform we need .
money out of politics/campaigns lying in political ads/office made illegal mass criminality candidates barred from holding office etc .
i used to agree with needing term limits for all public offices but i 'm on the fence about it now .
mainly being that understanding the vote is the term limit and good politicians should be the only political careerists. however this ideal is rarely met or at least double edged .
i do believe office holders should be paid but citizens united needs to be overturned .
it 's corrupted our government into an oligarchy and pits corporations vote over the people .
unfortunately nothing will get any better until the voting public becomes more educated and aware .
learning about the all seasons '' portfolio as recommended in tony robbins ' book money mastering the game . ''
it suggests 40 long term us treasuries 15 intermediate 30 stocks and 7.5 each of gold and commodities .
i was under the impression that point of having 55 allocated to bonds would provide quite a bit of stability however i do n't understand how exactly that happens if you invest in bond funds as the book suggests .
for example here are the last ten year 's annualized returns for fidelity 's long term bond index fnbgx 3.32 12.77 25.43 1.52 1.12 8.59 1.63 14.22 17.81 4.86 32.54
mr. robbins recommends index funds as they bring diversity and cheaper fees but does n't owning a bond fund make it vulnerable to all of the volatility just like stock funds ?
as opposed to owning an individual bond to maturity where your downside barring inflation/default is 100 protected ... which is the point of including bonds as part of your allocation .
this results in a theoretical portfolio i ran for this allocation using fnbgx 50 fzrox index stocks fund 30 fsagx index gold fund 10 and fsdpx index commodities 10 to not reflect the results promised by the book .
after average returns the last few years the portfolio would be down 20 this year seemingly exactly when its risk-parity allocation approach should be kicking in and preventing it from losing so much value .
it 's an excellent book and i highly recommend it so i feel like i must be missing something .
for an allocation he claims would have only lost 3.93 in 2008 and 9.00 in 1937 there must be something wrong with how im understanding what he 's trying to teach .
i feel like it is coming at just the right time .
all i have left to work on for my goals this season is 15k xp for booker and then grinding out ct for a centerpiece .
this event is coming at the perfect time for me !
hope the odds of takeover players in vaults and wheels will be increased since they adding all the previous releases .
also hoping to have some decent rewards from the event exchange coming up .
whatever it is i am sure it will make the grind feel a little more rewarding for the week .
1hr 25 i was like there is nothing '' but then corner of my eye disturbance ?
look at the frames im at pause on 12532 typing this .
128 ... ... yeah you ladies jump in '' magic to go take a bath ?
visit deals on vinyl for this deal https dealsonvinyl.com/amazon/b09x6jhrp8 direct https www.amazon.com/dp/b09x6jhrp8
follow deals on vinyl on facebook https www.facebook.com/groups/dealsonvinyl twitter https twitter.com/dealsonvinyl
follow new vinyl releases on facebook https www.facebook.com/groups/newvinylreleases twitter https twitter.com/vinylreleases
join vinyl chat discord http discord.gg/vinylchat for push notification alerts
trying to trade these 3 for a nicer knife and gloves.. pref karambit or bayonets but will entertain others .
can add in other skins some listed below to up the price .
amongst some other skins like a fn hellfire m4a4 ft desert eagle print stream fn five seven fairy tale mw mp9 starlight protector ft m4a1-s cyrex etc .
im willing to trade pretty much any skin in my inventory so feel free to send offers .
i 'm about to run a spelljammer campaign and i need to understand a couple of mechanics that are not clear to me yet .
my main issue is about how would it be possible for the pc or for rival npc to actually steal a ship .
1 getting into the ship and taking off like you 're indiana jones .
this does n't seem easy because it requires one hour to attune to the spelljamming helm .
2 bringing your own spelljamming helm and connecting it to the ship you wan na steal .
that would solve the attunement time issue but even if you were able to move a spelljamming helm around without being encumbered there are absolutely no rules in the books that explain the process of connecting a spell jamming helm to a spelljamming ship .
like you buy a spacejamming helm from a merchant and then what ?
you put it on anything that is more than 1 ton and you fly it ?
3 using a spell to force the actual spacejammer of the ship to use their action to give you control .
as you can see i have n't found anything very satisfying yet and my question remains
the adventurers are on a collapsing enemy base with monsters and explosion everywhere there is a ship belongings to the villains they just defeated they just have enough time to get onto the ship and take off before the entire base blows up how the hell do i run this situation as a dm ?
is that something i should put into my profile and if so how ?
does anyone know of new or used 30rd tan e2 's available ?
i ordered 5 from reiner and usps cut open my package and stole them .
wenn du in der bioklausur ethische fragen anhand eines gegebenen textes erläutern musst und du dich als autoritätsargument auf gandalf den grauen berufst .
i may be really late to the party but i never knew chilli 's maiden name was cattle !
thought it was interesting concept so i was wondering if there 's already something like it .
etc will be a new custom match like normandy beach omaha beach and vietnam jungle .
there 's always a lot of discussion about chemistry .
do you think one tree hill is the best chemistry some of these actors have ever had or did they have better chem elsewhere .
i think her best chemistry ever was maybe with chad or probably hilarie .
she did have good chemistry with jesse lee soffer on chicago pd but that was pretty shortlived .
her best chemistry ever was with paul anthony stewart on guiding light and i think even joy would say this but maybe james is tied for second with andrew walker ?
i think her best chemistry was with chad michael murray but i did really like her with matt bomer on white collar too .
i have n't seen much of his other stuff anyone have thoughts on this ?
did he have great chemistry with someone on gilmore girls ?
i have only seen him on one tree hill what else has he done where he had romantic chemistry ?
because of gow people have been talking about the actual mythology version of kratos .
and i was wondering i 've seen two names for him cratos and cratus .
ps i know kratos and cratos/cratus arnt the same person
i 'll be staying in the city for a while and would like to do a bit of riding while i 'm there .
it wo n't let me login to fifa currently just wondering if the servers are under maintenance ?
i saved my game but just put my switch to sleep afterwards .
when i came back today some of my quests were gone that i had but not all ?
and i unlocked a new bear archie even though flamey still needs 21 more logs ? ? ?
they also replaced the photography bear oops forgot his name ? ? ? ?
is this a glitch or part of the story ? ? ?
i 'm a beginning knitter who has taken a five year break .
i 've previously made many scarves and hats and was working on a sweater when i quit .
my friend is having a baby boy and id love to knit him a hat and booties .
today is the 22nd and i 've only got about 5 free days to devote to this project .
200mg oral rdts were n't doing anything orally so my doctor said it 's okay to use them as suppositories .
i am a bit concerned though because they are n't technically meant to be used that way and if they already have a numbing effect on my mouth i wonder if they could cause ... ... temporary paralysis of the rectum or damage the rectum function in some way ?
there is 6 couple who want you for a threesome .
looking to probably go to one or the other after first of the year .
basically looking to experience a club scene and see if it 's something we 'd like more of or not .
i have knowledge of c and c programming languages and have some fundamental knowledge of physics .
now what i want to do is start hard-aware development if i become specific to embedded development .
i am completely dumb on the hardware and electronics and i need your help .
what can be a good pathway in embedded development for a complete beginner ?
do i need to have good knowledge of electronic components too ?
i work in london and i 'd love to please you regularly .
i 'm 6'1 chubby but well built with short brown hair and brown eyes .
looking to please and serve your wet pussy until your completely satisfied .
ideally looking for something regular as i 'm a little shy .
recently started and deposited 100 as my initial deposit .
my account is in the process of transferring over stocks from another brokerage as well .
as you can see it says i have a negative cash balance and is trying to sell voo to make up for it which does n't make any sense because it 's already pending in my bank .
do y'all think that metal bands that wear masks and/or heavy makeup lose credibility or legitimacy by wearing masks ?
is it gimmicky or does it add to the appeal of seeing them play ?
1 talk gaijin into letting me have force fields .
2 spend 2 more hours setting up my mouse and keyboard bindings that i already spent 2 hours on last night .
moving is always an exciting time but it can also be stressful .
there 's so much to take into account when packing and moving your belongings and sometimes things can get overlooked .
to make the process as smooth as possible here are the top 8 reasons to call best movers in dubai https goldlinemovers.ae
they will take care of your belongings while you 're away .
they have a wide range of services to choose from .
you can count on them to keep your property safe during the move .
they have a vast knowledge of moving industry regulations and procedures
when you 're ready to move there are a few things you need to know .
here are the top reasons to call movers and packers
time when you hire a mover they will work quickly and efficiently to pack and move your belongings .
a professional packer will also be able to compress large items into smaller boxes for transport saving time on the road .
safety moving can be a stressful experience but hiring professionals will help minimize the risk of accidents .
movers use careful packing techniques and safeguards in order to make sure your possessions arrive safely at their new location .
quality when hiring a mover you want someone who is experienced and qualified .
professional movers will use quality packing materials and equipment in order to protect your belongings during shipment .
they also have the knowledge and skills necessary to unpack everything once it arrives at its destination ensuring that everything is exactly where it should be .
cost moving can be expensive so it 's important to choose a mover who offers reasonable rates without sacrificing quality or safety .
hiring a professional packer can add an additional cost onto your overall moving cost but it 's worth it in order to avoid any damages or losses during transport .
if you 're thinking about moving soon it 's time to get in touch with a professional mover and packer .
they 're experienced a professional mover and packer is experienced in moving large and small items both indoors and outdoors .
they 'll be able to take care of your belongings while minimizing damage to the house or items being moved .
they 'll save you time and money if you 're looking to move quickly a professional mover and packer can help you out by packing everything up and getting it moved within a set timeframe .
this will save you time energy and money on all of your relocation costs .
they 'll be safe and secure when it comes to your belongings safety is always paramount .
that 's why a professional mover and packer will take every precaution possible during your move to make sure that everything arrives safely at its destination .
they know how to pack it perfectly packing your belongings for a move can be stressful enough without having to worry about them stacking in one another or becoming lost in the process .
a professional mover and packer will know how to properly pack each item so that it arrives intact at its new location .
they have the right equipment not every room in your house needs to be packed up and moved—a professional mover and packer can manage some
if so here are 5 reasons why moving is a great idea .
moving can be a great way to declutter and reorganize your home which will free up more living space .
by packing and moving yourself you can save money on packing and moving services .
packing and moving can be stressful if you do n't have the right tools or knowledge but with the help of a house movers in dubai https goldlinemovers.ae/services/house-movers-in-dubai it can be a lot less difficult than you think .
with the right planning and preparation you can move quickly even with a large load or several small items .
moving gives you an opportunity to update your décor in your new home without any extra expense plus it 's a great way to declutter your old home too !
i 'm going work in heart and lung ward soon and i 'm looking for a book to enhance my understanding .
going to tackle the bathroom reno for my wife this january .
i have a couple questions about installing the new stand alone tub
fwiw it 's going to be installed upstairs above my kitchen with no access from below kitchen so everything has to be connected before lowering tub onto the floor .
1 do faucet hoses come in a bigger i.d .
for quicker tub filling ? ... or the standard size is fine and normal ?
2 is it ok to use a flex hose drain/trap ?
i asked a guy about it at home depot and the guy never heard of it .
in the sea of fittings they did n't carry anything in stock ... ..but it 's available on amazon .
i 'm trying to come up with a technical solution to a meeting room issue we have in our office i 'm posting here bc i 'm not sure whether it 's possible to build a solution in sharepoint i 'd appreciate advice on the art of the possible as opposed to step by step instructions .
we have one large meeting room which can be sub-divided into 3 rooms .
at the moment we only allow booking via sharepoint of the room layout when it 's all one big room which was fine coming out of covid due to social distancing requirements .
now we need to facilitate a way for our users to be able to book either the large room or one of the small rooms .
the problem arises when one choice necessarily rules out other possibilities eg if one person books out meeting room a then you ca n't allow someone else to book twotogether or conference room layouts because part of those room layouts is n't available .
likewise if someone books out conference room ie all 3 rooms together then i need to prevent someone from being able to book any of the individual room options .
i 'm trying to understand if i can write logic that will block a second user from coming along and booking something that is n't going to be physically available .
presently we have a solution created by an external agency that when you click on a svg initially created in visio it enables a booking to be made via a meeting room calendar .
this works fine for individual rooms but does n't take into account the flexible/complexity nature of our meeting rooms .
if you think doing this on sharepoint is beyond possible i 'd be grateful for any alternative suggestions .
happy to clarify anything above that is n't clear !
have you actually did the transfer trick and your new t in player got you the points and nothing else happened ?
i disliked that they fought at all but the way callie assumed that she could just run off and have her perfect little life and that arizona would just go with it was insane .
but it 's important to use right vinegar and to not add it in dishes with acid vegetables like tomatoes
master li need to transfer some his chi to mike to help him spread flg
and it would be great if the west realized that their obsession with alcohol was stupid .
so i 'm not trying to blame you guys here !
i 'm saying to stop pushing this problem onto workers and take some responsibility yourselves .
like i 'm not blaming the old people that get scammed ... but they 're still the ones that end up giving to scammers which supports scammers so that 's just a shitty truth .
and yes they 're doing things wrong that cause that and i would give them advice on how to avoid it if it ever came up .
btw are we comparing the mental capacity of horny men to that of senile old people ?
lol of course the blame is on the scammers !
but since we all know what kind of world we live in we have to take personal responsibly to keep ourselves safe .
i 'm not saying sex workers have no responsibility but as you can see from pinned posts and even some ads providers put up the education for you guys is there .
what is missing from the conversation usually is that your experience with a scammer has nothing to do with me as a legit provider !
i felt the need to post because it appears that the client solution seems to be to just not provide deposits at all .
so my point is that my business now gets hurt because of something that is not connected to me at all .
and even if i decided to drop the deposit requirement which i ca n't rn because of finances that would still be a step back for us workers that everything is now to keep you guys safe but fuck our peace of mind and reduction of risk .
it 's not okay to expect us to take on all the risk because you guys paid scammers !
i want you to think about any other business and tell me if your logic makes sense .
if you went a restaurant and had a bad experience do n't go back there right ?
but if you go to another restaurant do you tell them well the last restaurant i went to did n't provide the service they promised so i want a discount '' ?
but yeah if this shit was n't illegal it 'd be nice to be able to report scammers and get them in trouble !
i do n't even know how to help you guys other than to tell you to think with the right head !
no you need to include the intensity when tracking exercise .
less intense activities generally earn 1 pt per 10 minutes more intense can earn a couple .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
imagine a photo of denji adult taking denji kid out for ice-cream as a job well done ?
that 's a very good point and very smart of them .
anything over a normal dose is considered an overdose .
the doctors were shocked he did n't have liver damage either time .
we had him go to a psych hospital to stabilize him and he sees a therapist now .
we lock up all meds and sharp things now .
in the us they sell lots of other definitely harmful stuff that would be unfortunately very easy to hurt yourself like benadryl which they also sell in huge bottles .
yet when i was in canada they told me i needed a prescription to buy certain allergy eye drops that i buy off the shelf in new jersey .
yeah thanks for these fucking nuts kind stranger owned bitch .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adultsnew if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's all i ever want you mind inboxing me so that i can have it😏
better but you 'll need to print a new hot end cover .
and something important to note is her saying that was and is about her .
it 's not you could n't satisfy someone because you 're new to sex .
it 's that she enjoys stuff that is n't as enjoyed by many .
you 'd be surprised how fast you pick up sex .
it 's best to just ... want to please the other person .
that 's how you know you 're with the right one .
if they are right for you they will want to please you and not care about your previous sex life .
the amount of times it snowed and weather apps tell me its sunny is still astounding .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchatdirtysext if you have any questions or concerns .
i just got ta get out my this industry somehow .
tell me the difference between biological sex and gender ... quickly
omg maaaan i can taste the adrenaline through the screen
your link was removed because it does not link directly to an image ending with .png or .jpg .
you 're welcome to resubmit with a direct image link thanks for understanding .
if you 're having trouble using third party host/imgur links try uploading the file directly to reddit to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ihadastroke if you have any questions or concerns .
my best friend had twins at 43weeks which is rare for them to stay put that long one of them was breech and she birthed them both vaginally .
it really depends on your doctor/midwife and if they feel comfortable allowing you to deliver a breech baby .
you can meet jeremy gill in chapter 2 right after fishing with jack .
once meeting gill get special lures in lagras then catch legendary fish .
prosim podaj še link do statistike kjer je zavedenih teh 20 plačne vrzeli v primeru omenjenega poklica .
it may have been an excerpt which i read .
you may also want to join our other subs r/theleftistshitshow and r/libtears !
sp join our live discord https discord.gg/kh4wv9dave chat to talk to your fellow patriots !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thebidenshitshow if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i know https www.reddit.com/r/formuladank/comments/z059hs/yay_team_work/ix3qkeb ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share context=3 i was just throwing out a hypothetical
this is n't really how admissions work in the us .
it 's about research interests and fit with faculty who are taking students that cycle .
oh no i 'm not directing this question to people who are bored with her mechanics .
that 's entirely fine there are characters that do n't interest me as well and i 'd never think that means i hated them .
at 2000 slot points and 1100 slot loss after night too that 's an 89 return for slots night two was a lot better .
this is part of the reason i started looking at them .
it 's the first real interest i 've had that overlapped with my kids .
so we genuinely get to have a lot of fun together .
i would actually like to see data on 'tvl diversity ' .
it could include number of unique wallets and average amount deposited per wallet .
i wish i had it around when i started .
with no easily accessible dungeon masters no youtube ... and with gurps .
can i get a minute of silence and a hug .
i got aiyuk for palmer jayken warren and 2024 first
lol ... alexa is is either company '' or an employee .
i 'm not kidding i 'd cry tears of pure joy and bliss if they finally get rid of melissa gorga .
it 's a family event imagine you 've got younger cousins or children about .
imagine they 're playing hide and seek because they 're bored and they stumble into your room where you 're doing the dirty ? !
hell imagine anyone 's playing hide and seek and finds you .
i would n't even knock on a door which is closed i 'd just open it not expecting anyone to be in there ... because why would they ? !
lack of self-control means this was a total deserved fu .
exactly like ubisoft and assassins creed a few years ago with the unity fiasko .
they had several games that had come out lots of games felt like ac knock offs in some way after the massive amount of money they made off ac .
after they lost millions in pre-order returns constant shit talking the game and ubisoft they then started making each game after a bit more polished .
sure they all still have glitches and bugs all games do but the blatantly obvious or the ones that make the game almost unplayable went away .
the no rendering skull faces talking to you game freezes random stuttering even on top tier hardware assassinations that did n't hit the person but they died anyway or getting stuck on rocks that were basically pebbles .
yooo imagine asking this man to borrow a pen 🤣🤣🤣🤣
tbh most zoomer slang is just appropriation of aave but thanks for the explanation
beautiful story i 've heard this recommended many times before .
the only issue i see with practice before faith so to speak is prayer .
prayer is central to christianity and disingenuous prayer is no good .
if in your words i do n't believe in the mind then how can i pray all the prayers that depend on calling upon the lord 's name and acknowledging his role as god ?
i would say the first workaround that comes to my mind is praying lord have mercy on me. and lord guide me to the fullness of the truth. that do n't require many axioms the first presupposes a belief that i am a sinner and my moral quality can be improved and thus i need forgiveness which is not difficult to accept and the second really only presupposes theism .
hello everyone i am here to express my gratitude to all of you .
ur right the ublock origin '' causes my headache .
it 's okay xavier understands it 's just business .
he does have a neat collection of his favorite oddities found in other dimensions that 's fun to play with and he can host a cocktail party literally anywhere imaginable .
seems to me that everyone can agree that gloves do n't last very long .
i always got pain in my thigh/hamstring region while playing specially if playing hard .
it used to go away when not exerting ... initially i thought it 's related to maybe a muscle strain or something ... but when it kept persisting i thought maybe it 's good to get it checked .
doctor did an mri of my leg did n't find anything concerning .
just to be safe they also did mri of my back turns out that the root cause of the feeling in my leg were herniated discs in my lower back ... the nerves going down to my thighs were getting touched or whatever cause sensation in legs but the issue resided in the back .
i 'd suggest get it checked out ... a sports physio or a chiro should be good
garden centres are getting them in now grocery stores will be getting them over the next week or 2 .
some box stores have some already but limited supply .
you realize that if kyle let himself get disarmed they would have taken his gun and killed him right ?
it would have been stupid for someone to assume that is was an active shooter when he was actively fleeing and not shooting at anyone else .
you can sell that house if you want and walk away with a ton of money .
or do basic maintenance on home over years and it 'll be fine you pay this cost indirectly when you rent .
but guess what ... you pay that indirectly when you rent .
given the copy-pasted title op is likely a repost bot .
well i see what you mean but if you look in the bottom left corner you can see what seems to be trees and in the middle right section you can see where it goes along the grass in a way that does not seem natural
which points towards air being removed instead of specific blocks and since 100 of the air has not turned to lava i still believe it was done manually
sure there is a wild scenario where this could have worked out but you 'd have to be a pretty specific kind of dude .
let me fill you in on my experience with fatherhood .
when my kid was born i understood that i became less of a priority way less .
but mentally preparing yourself for something like that does n't do it justice .
you have to sacrifice your body your sleep your pride your freedom .
it 's not that you become an afterthought of your partner but you 're no longer the primary thought .
her body went through hell growing another human her body went through hell birthing a human and her body went through hell raising a newborn .
if you are n't fully on board and comfortable with the fact that you will bear the brunt of her stress walk away .
one aspect of the combat i think spidey could benefit from would be the concept of different stances .
spidey 's kick oriented combo in spider-man 2018 would 've been better implemented if it was one set of his attacks only accessible after entering a crawling a wall but still on solid ground '' stance which perhaps could 've been engaged by pressing the one or two d-pad buttons that serve no function throughout the entire game .
so rather then encouraging insomniac to attempt to implement wall combat '' like 'web of shadows ' in the sequel insomniac 's spider-man could just fight in a wall crawling stance while still on the ground .
another stance could be triggered similar to how god of war 2018 did it by having spidey throw a punch then have the player wait a second before entering the next button input to have spidey enter a different stance where his square combo chain is now much different maybe involving web attacks/gadgets/takedowns .
another stance could be entered after you engage an enemy if your first hit on them was using the web strike attack etc .
lol and which car company sells 3mln cars with 60k asp and 15 net at that asp net will be more like 20 ?
i 've noticed i 've been getting feverish the day following my injections for a while now .
it 's starting to affect my workouts and work .
i mean he broke the sabbath claimed he was the son of god and it appeared as if he performed sorcery .
sure there was some mob mentality and he may not have deserved death but it 's understandable from their point of view why they did n't like him .
they 'll be posting the second the game is over if we lose .
it 's hilarious that i have n't seen most of those people post in three weeks .
yeah i 've run a ton of steel case thru mine with no issues
you do n't have let anyone in that you do n't want in .
you 're the parent the deadbeat is just a sperm donor .
if the other guy dies without having a relationship that 's his faul .
he he made that bed a long time ago .
just because she shares dna with him does n't make him more special than the people who raised her .
she probably knows what terminal means but giving you an ultimatum i 'll never forgive you is childish behavior .
she also fails to realize that you have a bigger history with him and that you have feelings as well .
she has been seeing and spending time with him .
i do n't see how him not coming to your house for a few hours is robbing her of a chance to make memories with him .
if he can leave the house for a party he can take her to a birthday dinner and her friends do n't need to make memories with him so they are irrelevant .
let her spend the whole day with the sperm donor .
she can make lots of memories with him if that 's what she wants .
i went with the average route and hopefully that will work out
smaller institutions of higher learning have been dying since the 1970 's .
the scale of the issue may be growing but it 's not new .
in 1957 my mom graduated from a small elementary education teachers ' college in boston .
its most famous alumna was margaret hamilton better known as the wicked witch '' of the wizard of oz movie .
maybe five years ago it ceased to be an independent entity and became part of boston university .
it no longer had the funds to continue operating on its own .
ps when i graduated from high school in 1977 neither west chester nor shippensburg had university '' attached to their names .
they were both state colleges '' that began as normal schools '' designed to crank out public school teachers .
i grew up outside a small town adjacent to west chester and went to high school in another one .
plenty of my classmates and a not small portion of my teachers went to west chester state college .
they ca n't come to the neighborhood ever again or they will be beaten up by the in-laws of the woman and i do n't think i will be able to interfere .
for some reason cedric diggory from harry potter and the goblet of fire .
he was only a brief character compared to dumbledore and others but the film scene was done so masterfully .
sounds like you have n't separated yourself from the forum .
the fact they did n't like how you were running things common in any management scenario and you took it personally .
you then punished them by deleted the community and severing all their relationships with each other .
btw you exploited yourself by doing everything yourself ... i 'm betting others would have volunteered just as you did when you started .
help ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i have a westinghouse 9500c generator and a ats .
how can i make the gen start automatically usin the ats i have ? ? ?
i live in cuba a d it means that all i have .
it means i ca n't buy anything else ! ! ! ! ! !
i remember taking the dvd from my grand parents at age 5/6 .
first bond movie i ever watched and i absolutely loved it !
i wan na wake up another day i wan na ... ..
a teacher posting at 1am probably after an evening of checking reports .
alcoholics did not get poisoned by contaminated water hence they survived more .
they probably also had children younger because they were n't thinking that far ahead .
their offspring would have the same advantages '' going forward
anyone have a gif of just the cow raising the brow
ah another cool guide '' drafted up in ms paint .
michigan north carolina and georgia are also all higher than la county .
throw a rock and you 'll hit an fbs coach with a very shady past .
they implemented a whole computer assisted system to help with offside .
what used to be too close '' 10 years ago is not today .
if you have a system that can measure offside down to the centimeter then too close '' means in the milimeter range now .
i mean advertising product alone would probably keep him in the black .
blackened sky the vertigo of bliss infinity land biffy clyro
it 's all there but you 're dreaming false heads
es gibt die alte regel niemals das angebot für mehr geld annehmen .
die hätten schon vorher mehr geld zahlen können d.h. die schätzen dich nur wenn sie in zugzwang sind .
when you go get a haircut you are supposed to tip when you go do your nails you are supposed to tip .
when you go eat at a restaurant you are supposed to tip not sure why you think we should n't count on tips doing instacart .
there is n't just not as vocal about it on social media
if she is too jealous for you to date others then she is not ready to date others .
i would like to add that jealousy is an symptom of insecurities .
however if you do not recognize the insecurities and you let it control you and your spouse then that 's when it becomes a problem .
so if she is not willing or able to address her insecurities and she allows her jealousy to control you then she is not ready to date others .
i had to learn this the hard way but im glad i did .
i do n't have a 1st in 2024 traded away in a deal to acquire mike evans last year
should i trade away mike evans for a future 2024 1st to a contender ?
i did exactly this and got 80-100 km range out of 20 kg batteries .
i do n't know the original range since i bought mine cheaply because of bad batteries but the original batteries weighed 40 kg .
i had to get a bms and replace the charger with a lithium one but all other electronics is stock .
if you ca n't do this measure your battery voltages when they 're empty .
i had two bad ones the other four were presumably good still .
you say that what op is doing is not releasing the ciliary spasm but relaxing ciliary muscles .
i think i remember there being a talk about her knowing he was n't psychic after the second ying/yang season finale .
she says something about there being no way anyone could have known and he responds with unless you 're psychic . ''
it 's supposed to be why she hired his dad to keep him away a bit .
so he was n't involved in so many cases and possibly messing them up if the truth came out .
but i ca n't remember if that 's a fan theory or confirmed canon .
i hope the parents see that he has been grooming her .
there 's nothing a 33 yr old male has in common with an 18 yr old female .
they are in 2 totally different stages of life .
i played this part for three months because my buddy introduced me to gow and he played on gmgow so i had to as well .
came back replayed on the 2nd hardest difficulty and ended up getting through that part without dying once .
since then i 've learned to adjust difficulty sliders .
did tucker just say he was hosting a news program ? ? ?
does n't that go against what the fox lawyers said during that last lawsuit for spreading disinformation ?
i have n't played the game in well over a month
he 's not even gon na tell her to break up !
he was gon na try to be her confessor and she will suddenly realizes he loves her !
you claimed you do care about imd so i asked what your organised .
trust the process. if we sign ronaldo then it 's clear that the only process is to make money not create the best team in football .
how about a gentle but thorough brushing followed by a head massage ?
most women do n't want their pants to become see through when they bend over and most do n't know it happens with the leggings because most of us ca n't see our ass when we bend over without the assist of a mirror .
i 'm not saying the bad guys are n't the bad guys i 'm saying that the jedi 's actions are complicit in their ability to be the bad guys .
i think of it more like if you were working at a company and you knew there was lots of evil shady shit going on but you never said anything never did anything about it .
even when you could have done something to stop it and end future harm to others ?
and so i find it strange that when they have the opportunity to eliminate such a big threat it does n't happen .
so when they stand on the platform of good is it not then tainted by the evil they allow to go on ?
are they not themselves committing evil acts through the nature of being the good guys ?
then again it could be seen like it is in comic book films .
like batman never killing the joker because to kill the joker would prove the joker correct though it leads to more death and destruction in the long run .
i think it just raises some good philosophical questions around the nature of good vs evil and how well intentioned people can ultimately cause more harm than good .
so could the jedi be seen as a force for good ?
could they also be seen as a force for evil ?
i just mean in the fact that there is a alloted for contamination which is inevitable
i feel bad for all of them the chameleons too .
they turn black with fear and stress and since their tails have so many bones in them the small plastic bins are esp bad .
it really seems like the auspex should have appeared at least in the 'advanced training ' from sefoni
fun fact frank reich means france in german without the space .
just cover your body head to toe in vick 's before putting your wetsuit on .
helps with the cold and you will slide right into your suit .
but you just have to apply for an export liscense sell faster ones .
and the turkish stuff would be under a different category as it 's a dedicated missile part but they may have produced the receivers domestically and just use the c code .
some chipsets used to do an and operation on the speed/altitude limit which was questionably legal but allowed ether higher altitude or higher speed .
the mach 5 i was saying was from one of those but it looks like that 's not the normal .
either that or adding fucking speed bumps or even issuing more tickets .
i mean i get that people want the world to work a certain way where money just grows on a tree or something but that 's not the world we live in .
the government and non-profit sector is supported by a strong private economy that is sensitive to the income of the highest earners .
when we 're in a recession like we are now people have less money to give to their pet causes and even government budgets have to adjust at some point .
if wikipedia ca n't find a way to cut their costs and survive with whatever they have then hopefully whomever replaces it will do a better job .
what i mean is there is a time to grieve her losses but it 's not now .
if she stays in the wallowing place now she is risking her own mental health and future for people that are n't worth the cost to herself .
she can sit in her grief later i 'm a firm believer in allowing yourself to sit in grief for whatever time you need but at a time where that grief can also be a place of healing and that 's not now .
you ca n't heal and rebuild when you are still in the midst of the hurricane .
that 's why i gave the advice i gave .
drill everything into em hp sub stats are a nice bonus .
rng for the em pieces but nice to not worry about crit etc
hmmm ... crazy peter thiel accolyte who is cozying up to the far right and who controls maybe the most important algorithm on earth running earths town square ... you 're absolutely right.. no story here
seemed like he was in a rough place after the suspension
y'all motherfuckers need a hobby if you 're spending time getting worked up about a tweet .
he 's not getting worked up about a tweet .
he 's getting worked up that the tweet happened to be a tweet rather than some other slightly more official '' communication .
i 've got a black cleveland rtx zipcore 56 in the black finish .
people who sign up for mlms are n't well known for understanding what the hell they 're doing .
merit based scholarships are given based on usually an application including an essay .
the merit involved with figuring out who the valedictorians are 70 women involves multiple teachers years of study and evaluations of tasks they have performed .
simply the confidence of one is much higher than the other .
i did not know that swan upon leda was based off of this greek myth ... everything makes sense now 🤩
add me hosting a buzzswole and a guzzlord 8538 3233 5919 plus daily gifting and consistent raids .
i was riding my xr100 in the snow the other night when i took this picture
i 've just ordered a 16 m1 pro 16gb 1tb .
coming from lenovo legion 5 pro 5800h 32gb rtx3070 2tb
i chose the 16gb to keep the budget down since everyone i spoke to told me it would handle things no problem .
but they do n't use docker to the same extent i do so im worried i 've made a mistake .
very mixed opinions when searching previous questions like this .
i generally have 7 containers running sometimes up to 12 .
most containers are fairly light just one that i usually reserve 4gb ram for .
i can definitely cut down the number of webstorm instances if i need to i just hate closing stuff .
on windows it handles this no problem usually hovering around 25gb ram used .
if it uses the swap will it be very obvious/slow ?
got a pretty good deal on it so upgrading to 32gb would cost more than is reasonable really .
wet chokes filled the room a foul mixture of cum and drool fell between the nameless woman 's unnatural tits .
her entire being reduced to her mouth and her silicone stuffed breasts as the fat throbbing cock in front of her rammed relentlessly past her collagen filled lips again and again and again .
the front of her dripped with gruel as her throat was used like a fleshlight visibly bulging outward .
zack leaned back in his chair his body tensing as his lotioned hand ran up and down his stiff throbbing cock .
when the video suddenly stopped and a small paper clip with what looked like googly eyes pasted onto it appeared on the screen a small text bubble forming over its head as it asked .
it looks like you 're trying to get off would you like some help with that ? ''
it 's simple really a computer virus with the ability to alter reality has been released and found its way into a 20 something year old loser 's home who still lives with his mother .
unfortunately for the two of them it 's designed to help people get off with the perfect piece of porn by changing the closest woman into the ideal partner for the person jerking off alone .
who just happens to be this loser 's single mother .
kinks are transformation based kinks brain drain expansion implants race change sluttification race change robot shortstack fellatian dorse inanimate partial animal mental canon tfs rule 34 tfs identity death
others rough sex degradation humiliation anything that ends in ation really corruption body writing non/dub-con crossed eyes drool fucked stupid/silly bad ends make-up masks objectification .
so i finally beat nian collected all the loot and everything but it still says i 'm at 99.1 .
pretty new to the game but am i missing something ?
so as my title says i slept all day all day being until probably 2-3pm .
i was able to get some food down and i began doing some exercises at home bc i ca n't afford to goto the gym atm .
i 'm midway through and i feel like i 'm disassociating ?
i 'm midway through my workout and when i look at myself in the mirror i panic .
i 'm working out w/o my shirt on i 'm gon na be real here and say that a year ago i was in the best shape of my life .
lifting 315 for my deadlifts and now i 'm down to prob 225 being my max .
however even when i 'm working out just doing push up variations i look similar to what i looked like a year ago .
i feel like i 'm forgetting who and where i am .
like currently i 'm in college with my ass on the chopping block because my mental heath has been keeping me away from getting good grades .
right now i have a plan on how to get my grades good enough to move forward but i feel like i 'm forgetting everything i 'm supposed to do .
so just a few things i want to put out here and get comments .
first this is now a one person operation i lost my programmer but i can handle it going forward .
these changes will happen in dec and jan since i will be 100 free .
quickly and briefly about me what i do for a living is i 'm a private consultant that is a professional mathematician a financial mathematician and an actuary which all means i 'm the asshole that designs your insurance policies and sets the premiums you pay .
but my current 8 month contract runs out tomorrow and i 'm not on deck again until february .
i 'm going to remove two pages and add two pages .
the fanvids and fanpics i 'm going to remove .
i thought it was a good idea and i 'd get cool content from fans around the world ...
i received really close to zero and everything there is almost exclusively from my collection .
the video is good and i 'll just move it to the luxury '' page .
the two new pages will be tributes '' and new content '' .
tributes pretty much won out when i asked about it .
the deal there is i have a connection now with 50 mission and will reach out to the other 4 or 5 legitimately good bands playing some hip .
i 'll put it up for a year and see how it goes .
if it 's not your deal then just do n't visit that page .
the other new page will be added since i do have some new content i collected over the last 18 months or so .
if i were to just blend it in it would be hard to find given the vast content that is already there .
so i 'll blend it in and also add it to a page called new content '' and leave it there for 2-3 months .
so that 's the plan please voice your opinion and tell me any advice/requests/suggestions as i do this the next two months .
i made a small reference to this number like two or so years ago because i just picked it at random and have been seeing it more and more often ever since .
i know this might not quite fit with the rest of the sub .
sorry if that 's the case ... but this is driving me insane .
on at least nine occasions i check my power bank 's battery .
my friend tells me that his friend 's baseball number always used to be 74 .
then he makes precisely 74 attempts and i am not kidding here to draw a logo for an imaginary company of his .
i literally ca n't get myself away from this number .
this has fone on for wayyy too long to all just be a coincidence .
but if this is all elaborate then ... what does it all even mean ?
i often hear this and i get it from a perspective of all being alive and in the vicinity of each other when initiating a fight or taking an objective .
but in ow2 i 've found it 's basically non-stop reaper genji mccree and even junkrat flanks playing on their own .
and they rip apart the backline since they 're designed to win 1v1 or beat supports .
all the new maps with so many side buildings/upper floors support that playstyle .
our supports/dps die first our tank stops getting heals during the flank and then eventually our tank is last alive and is killed without having done much objective work because the enemy tank is also alive and contesting the same space as our tank .
i have never found the usual comp of ranged dps ana and rein winning unless it 's a handshake team comp from the enemy team or their flanking dps really suck .
hi i recently had to go to birmingham at the start of this month for work i went through the clean air zone this was on the 4th
i then had to travel back for work on the 21st-25th of this month and stayed in the city during this time i was unaware my car had to pay for the zones and thus did n't pay as a result i have been issed a pcn for my trip on the 4th to which i have paid
my question is will i be issued another pcn for my trip on the 21st-25th and will this be a single pcn or am i about to be slapped with over £300 worth of pcns ?
a few days before thanksgiving my sister pitched the idea of a girl 's craft night for myself and the female cousins .
i work retail while my sister is a sahm .
there 's nothing wrong with being a sahm but she expects everything to revolve around her schedule .
a few months ago she wanted to do a family meal everyone said saturday worked best a few days before she asked if we could move the meal to friday because she had scheduled a sleepover for her son on saturday .
we all declined in that instance but everything since then has been mostly to her schedule .
i said that i could not make the craft night due to my work schedule working every day but thursday a very sporadic schedule but that they should have fun .
to be honest i was not in the mood to work all day then craft instead of just relaxing .
at thanksgiving my brother brought up that we should go to a new restaurant in town the next night with all of our cousins and our spouses .
my brother and i had to work on friday so we decided to go at 8 pm .
i was n't completely on board with this but figured that i 'd definitely be done with work and i could leave asap to be up for work the next morning .
my sister decided not to go saying that it was too late for her and that she thought that some of us were too busy to get together at all anyway .
aita for saying no to craft night but going to dinner ?
so this one is a little longer of a story and there 's even more to write about but i 've never told anyone about this before .
so my friend and i used to just trade phones for no real reason when we were around 20. honestly mostly because i had this specific photo editing app that i had paid for and she wanted to use to edit some pictures so she would send the photos to me use my phone to edit and let me use her phone in the mean time .
anyways sometimes she would go through my messages and not tell me and i would go through hers .
she was always talking to random men and i was in a bad relationship so it was fun and exciting to see how single life was .
anyways i stumbled across a message with one of the guys talking about me and how hot he thought i was and if she ever tried to come on to me and if we could all have some fun .
this really caught my attention and i immediately felt that warm pulsing feeling in my clit .
i 've definitely had thoughts about being with women before but never had been and i always felt shameful about it for absolutely no reason !
so i kept reading their messages about this i began to feel more and more excited .
only to be hit with disappointment when she said no unfortunately i do n't think she 's like that ugh .
i mean i do n't know why she would think i was but i was hoping maybe she secretly suspected it so that maybe i would feel more confident and maybe start flirting or something .
however when i kept reading i saw her send a message that said i wish she was though i ca n't lie and say i 've never thought about her her tits are out a lot they are so full and i would love to see her full breasts and even feel them another message that said i really wonder what her nipples look like i have only seen them briefly and quickly while she changes sometimes but never get to appreciate them immediately followed the first one .
holy shit i was so turned on at this point my heart was racing my clit was absolutely throbbing and felt so swollen .
she was right there but did n't know i was reading any of this i wanted to just start touching myself right then and there but i could n't do that !
my boyfriend was home and his dad was over .
the guys response was a photo of his pretty decently sized cock hard under his boxers as he was letting her know of his reaction to the thought of her message .
then right when i closed out of viewing his cock in the photo my friend was getting a call so i quickly closed the message out completely and handed her phone back as she gave me mine .
i could feel how wet my panties were getting when i sat up to hand her her phone .
and when i moved my shirt brushed against my nipple and it felt like a lightning bolt struck me me .
i was so upset i just wanted to keep reading and see what else she said or if she sent him any photos of her or anything .
i rubbed myself and came multiple times that night once i finally could .
and i could n't remember the last time i came so hard or so many times .
just thinking about the thought of her thinking about me and my breasts .
i always caught her looking at them but never thought much of it .
i 'll make sure my tits are out for her the next time she 's over .
a couple of weeks later we swapped phones again and holy shit did everything start to change after that ...
a couple of months ago my 5 year old niece came out as trans .
when we found out about this my wife revealed that she is a terf .
she believes my sister and my brother in law are homophobic '' as if someone would be accepting of trans people but not gay people ?
she thinks they are 'transing ' her as they are scared she will grow up to be gay .
i told her she was being ridiculous and she got angry at me for gaslighting '' her and not taking her opinion seriously .
she then went behind my back and sent a load of nasty transphobic articles to my sister from a site called transgender trend . ''
she also tried to persuade her not to contact mermaids even though they have been enormously helpful to them .
fortunately these did n't affect my sister and they still decided to affirm my niece .
she has recently fully socially transitioned and is now happier than ever .
obviously straight after this we split as i knew i could n't be with someone who spouted transphobic hate like this .
however now she has started posting transphobic terf stuff on social media and she thinks that trans women are either rapists or gay men '' and trans men are brainwashed by the patriarchy . ''
i tried to get full custody of her by arguing that she was a terf .
unfortunately this was shot down because i am in the uk and there was a recent ruling that says that terf views have to be respected ''
my wife did n't want our daughter to see my niece because she is trans even though they are cousins .
she argued with me constantly that it would be bad for her as it would make her think gender is just stereotypes '' and would probably also make her trans .
eventually she realised there was nothing she could do .
she said it was okay and just like letting her play with a christian . ''
obviously it is incredibly transphobic to compare being trans to religion but it was good she was okay with it at least .
unfortunately she spoke to her about this before we saw her and tried to make her a terf .
then when we saw my sister and my niece the first thing she said was apparantly you made her deadname think he is a girl now by not letting him play with princesses . ''
obviously my wife made my niece say this to try and be mean to my sister and niece which is awful .
fortunately me and my sister talked to her a lot about this and got her to understand .
after that the two of them got on really great which was lovely to see .
however i do n't know how to stop this kinda thing happening in the future and what i can do to prevent it having an effect ?
i 'm looking to watch a guy strip off his clothes then work browse the internet watch tv play video games shower work out or do whatever else naked for awhile .
basically i want to watch you get naked and then do whatever you would do if i was n't there except naked lol .
i 'm not getting on cam or talking more of a peeping through your window vibe with not a ton of chat .
if you 're looking to be told what to do on skype i 'm not what you 're looking for today .
but if you 're someone who wants to take off his clothes and be watched for awhile let me know .
whether you get hard or jerk off is up to you .
perfect for a straight/curious guy who is n't sure he actually wants do anything with another guy but still likes the idea of trying something new with no pressure .
feel free to message as long as this is up .
or are you unsatisfied with the breeds in the game ?
i run bloodied too rifle/commando/heavy but i 'm more interested on building up my weapons if you got any plasma rifles or good flamers i might think about it
i do n't think i saw a single article say he will never work again .
i will be doing this going forward when they come again !
i picked him up on thanksgiving day the rain would have stressed me out so this was great and dropped him off today in the same spot .
trich will usually come in super super white then start to turn a greenish blue the next day or so .
i like both of them i do n't like the twist of charlie being a robot though
maybe smith just works with his buddy who 's into building apartment blocks or skyscrapers .
love to licked and fucked you and then fill with my come your mouth 😈😈😈
i 'm yet to have a day without finding andor fans recommending the show without trashing everything else .
but what are the chances that op had vegan bread around and not just sandwich bread from the store .
i might be the only person in the world not okay with this joke 🙄🙄
can someone please explain to me how and why the fuck people like mullen ?
we 've seen what he can do with a massive regulation change ... and it 's about p3
i just think he owes a lot of the success to the team and car that he inherited when he signed on .
the whole grid was playing catch-up from 2014 2020 which gave them a massive advantage since they were making advancements while the grid was trying to get to where they were even the previous year .
at least qatar and australia have scored and australia have 3 points .
it really scares me how the world just stands by and lets these things happen over and over again .
the world always says never again '' and you and i may have said it before too .
but if your country said we 're having a referendum to go to war with china to stop this would you vote yes ?
the truth is that so long as china keeps this to its own borders the rest of the world will sit twiddling it 's thumbs .
the titans defense gives the bengals problmes bc their zone defense often has corners sitting in a zone where those intermediate breaking routes to the outside receivers are and which joe is so good at the timing with his receivers .
you 'd have to be crazy to play man against joe .
there 's still enough people who 's incomes are doing okay v inflation to fill stores .
that does n't mean a huge and ever growing number of people are n't being effectively removed from the economy .
within the space of a year soaring bills and food prices have meant my discretionary income has gone from almost £200 a month to less than zero .
i 'm now only not homeless because my savings are making the ends meet every month .
i have n't bought a single coffee out of the house for months because of this and i imagine there are many in my situation and sadly this cohort will only get larger .
odd must be a problem on nvidia 's side for death rally '' .
i play some need for speed '' games and it 's decent good if you like racing games a lot .
i think most if not all pc games you could still use a mouse and keyboard and some people is good with mouse and keyboard and some people are good with a gamepad controller like an xbox controller .
except sometimes i do find them funny so i figure that people in on the joke find the ones i get fooled by funny as well .
my friends and i have had a lot of bad experiences with americans along with our distaste for how their government behaves with their own and others but when i 'm out here in other subs i try to keep that to myself
how many people are tired of recapping an event from a previous episode ?
i thought the argument between janelle kody over their relationship would be in this episode .
if you have add i promise this show will kill you .
this is the equivalent to when you 're teaching a very small child about cleaning up after dinner and their job is to bring their plate from the table to the counter .
you 're doing the most simple part of this task then saying it 's half of the work .
she 's pissed at you because you 're functionally a child .
a bunch of under 25 year olds constantly getting scammed out of their hard earned wendys paychecks .
in recent memory the uk has always pretty much been in recession or austerity or somewhere close to that so really it 's just business as usual for most normal people .
i have an entire page of inventory dedicated entirely to dyes .
dalamud red is my default color for most everything though .
my due date is dec 13th and i 'm not celebrating christmas either .
i 've already told everyone do n't come to my house do n't call me '' .
my plan is to relax with baby and watch christmas movies .
i told my bf he can visit his family if he wants i 'm not going anywhere .
it does n't matter if baby comes on 12/24 a day before a day after whatever you 're well within your right to make your own rules for your own recovery !
with the flu and rsv going around it 's frankly absurd that anyone would ask to see a days-old baby .
mike white is making zach wilson look like a high school qb
man at this point i just feel like i have you at the gun point to ask her 😂
he only gets an injury once in a while and it 's almost always a contact injury .
but he is getting older now and having a replacement to bed in over the next few seasons would be great .
but i do n't think mason mount is the guy for that .
bernardo silva and gundo both need a player capable of playing deep and creating a double pivot in build up .
and in bernardo 's case i think we 'd want to replace him with a player that also has a high work rate like him .
again not sure if mason is the man for this .
was that list made before or after he killed them ?
was that referring to now he could move upstairs because they were now dead and he was delusional that he would just get a job and keep the house now ?
also.. hyperloop was an idea he put out and put minimal money towards .
hyperloop was never a musk project.. just an idea he shopped .
now boring company.. that 's a company he started which may someday make the hyperloop work .
see.. the thing here is you obviously have no clue about what musk is doing and are just hateful because your overlords told you to be .
in 2013 musk wrote a white paper on how a hyperloop might work .
then he started tweeting about it foreshadowing which led to many breathless profiles which led to many people believing that musk not only invented the concept of the hyperloop but was on the verge of building it . ''
have n't even thought of her for a while until i saw this post
i think it 's the reign of terror they 're more interested in than the actual revolution .
the real question is if it 's enough for your tank .
that 's the hard part of advice on tanks .
the best thing will always be to watch and adjust .
i have things like n p and fe if needed but do n't use it at this point .
i have had to add p before but it 's currently not needed .
as for your plants the alternanthera and staurogyne both require co2 and you have a couple where it 's recommended so once co2 is added excess nutrients should n't be that much of an issue but again it 'll depend on how your plants react .
join us if you are also active in raid weekend !
we are very very active and always maxed out clan game in just 1 day .
war is optional but when opted-in both attacks are expected to be used .
for cwl 30v30 we rotate 5~10 of our players to ensure everyone has a chance to obtain 8 stars or more and get the full medal rewards
ahh yes 50 to 70 shipping on one dead rat because of the overnight/cold pack or spending a few hundred dollars for multiple rodents and not having anywhere to store them .
why did n't i think of that in the first place faaaaaam
my wife 's whole family are huge bears fans and they are trying to make our 6 month old son a bears fan .
everyone that 's been interested in playing these games on a pc has been able to do so easily for the last 15 years if not longer and will be able to continue doing so via gba emulation .
this probably is n't the only case like this but i 'm amused that the drm for this has been rendered useless 15 years before games even come out on the platform .
i ca n't even imagine what they were thinking when they decided to stick drm on this .
i hope they have lots of fun climbing and having fun crabbie shenanigans !
do n't think for one second he 's not nervous and embarrassed af during and after this .
that 's why his reaction was fucking lunacy and why he drinks like he 's scared the guy might punch him but trying to play it off like he 's not blocking it preemptively .
exactly haha ayoko ng mga paulit-ulit get up wala na silang originality .
mukhang otaku ka ah haha o trip trip lang yang japanese name kuno
special free gift to anyone who subs tonight and messages me freebie69 ''
i need to finish dragon quest xi someday https www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/65944737
hino oishi rollie rollie lin 's fusion j pot ramen hayashi all of them are the same owners
the reason you do n't see stuff like that on facebook and it 's unfathomable to you is because they have active content moderation .
it 's like having an umbrella out and thinking you 're impervious to rain .
referencing moral hazard with healthcare it 's like saying we should get rid of the bill of rights because it could cost more money
you do n't know everything and you never will .
i love the style of this what a cool way to remember the walk !
you should frame it with a couple of photos underneath if you have any good ones and i 'd be amazed if you did n't unless you spent the whole time in the clouds !
the lake district is one of those places where you can take a photo in any direction and it 's an amazing view .
i mean i was nervous christian parents in the uk but as i got older they told me they would always support me .
that and my dad ended up becoming friends with a gay employee of his and my parents were ok with me having bi friends .
1 2nd-team all-pro aka being a top 6 receiver is n't hof worthy numbers .
borrowing against shares of stock is the definition of what leveraging stock is .
i do n't think it is useful to isolate what happens when a paladin and a pit fiend exchange blows for two consecutive rounds with nothing else happening .
i am not arguing that t3/4 are perfectly balanced and without problems but i am saying that this is not useful analysis .
so round 1 goes by and the paladin takes a lot of damage .
is the rest of the party just a bunch of auto-turrets doing x average damage and nothing else ?
no one is casting spells that might distract the pit fiend or consume its action on the next turn ?
no powerful weapons or magic items are in play at t3 ?
there are about a million things that could happen at this high level .
i was carrying some 0 balances 10,000 and i had been approved for the active cash 6 months ago with a cl of 6000
i applied for the autograph 6 months to the day from my active cash approval and was approved for 1000 lol but i was able to then move some of my active cash card limit to my new autograph .
