i did n't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/azurelane .
things such as jpeg artifacts and cropping may impact the results .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message post_id '' v245do '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=v245do samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=95 targetimagememematch=97
thairo is gon na go off next year w no shift
my psychiatrist draws blood every 3 months to monitor what the meds are doing .
the blood work where they found my liver enzymes off the charts high was after i had been on the 40mg for 2 weeks .
she mentioned that it 's a rare side effect but it has been reported .
for a jeep of that vintage it will come down to largely body/frame condition .
a nice shape loaded running example will fetch upwards of 20k in my city .
i assure you i am not the bullies in my school are the kids who smoke pot in the locker room
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
the meow meow beans episode is actually an homage to the aldous huxley novel a brave new world !
got it working using another set of instructions but sometimes it would not work and had to reset chrome os .
i do n't remember exactly what i had to select as target '' t but i know doing xfce xiwi was what i did for xiwi .
does someone know all the targers required for running vlc libreoffice and firefox .
the second time i tried i did all the targets with u switch but ended up with a bigger chroot .
the chance is quite lower but it is n't a guarantee .
all i can do is try reduce the risk .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigareolas if you have any questions or concerns .
without full control if this battle space this becomes a war of attrition .
scan it across my arms it may detect a code lol
you are heavily implying that people should n't have semiautomatic weapons .
stop crying about the ib is now rift the game mode is amazing and im having a lot of fan playing it 99 of the people complaint is because the fact that you ca n't show off your kd in the final of the match lol
as a person that hated peat the first time they tried it laphraoig 10 the port charlotte was absolutely fantastic .
or else i 'm sure many here would help you dispose of the bottle
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boobbounce if you have any questions or concerns .
never thought i 'd say this but this department absolutely needs defunded let the state troopers take over until they can hire some non pussies .
they 're transitioning to the epic online services eos version of easy anti cheat which is n't as simple as flipping a switch unless you already had eos eac to begin with but i doubt rust did so that 's most likely why its taken so long .
they do offer the flipping a switch for older versions of easy anti cheat now but for whatever reason facepunch opted to put in the effort to switch to the newer eos system of eac .
god bless the pa shelter and to you for saving her life ❤️
do n't really see what their strategy is rushing to be first when they 're only profitable at 60/lb they 're going to need to lock in contracts over the next year while the term and spot prices are still much lower than that and miss out on the scrooge mcduck profits we 're hoping for when the price overshoots further .
question why did you want your mom and brother to come over when the threat was at your house ?
why did n't you go to one of their houses ?
as an egyptian this really annoys me most people here do n't care about religion anymore
i am sorry but wtf are you talking about ?
took me 3 months for my 5900x to arrive i feel your pain .
covid lockdown got me going crazy drinking every night of the week .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assholegw if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess a lot of people considering every product is sold out in mediums also but idk man .
unrelated but you should get a fourth dose if you 're in the us and are this concerned .
it 's more effective than wearing a cloth mask 24/7 for the next 3-6 months .
it does take 4-7 days for antibodies to rise after the dose though so if you need dental work just bite the bullet and get that done .
personally i think russian forces in ukraine will have a cascading collapse due to casualties and lack of shared ideology that it has already started and that it will mean portions of the russian front will collapse in the july-august timeframe .
but i 'm focused here on the decision process in the top echelons putin and his close associates .
i do n't know enough about putin to decide whether he will concede or whether he 'll just declare war mobilize and throw more of russia 's youth into the maelstorm .
i suspect that while he 's a sociopath he 's also an ideologue for eurasianism and he will do all those things .
whether he 's successful or this exacerbates conflicts within russia time will tell .
hmmm i see what you mean but i think usually it 's only up from here '' is understood as well it ca n't get any worse '' haha 😅 and while they may not be on the cover of a magazine i as someone who does gel nails would be really happy with how this set turned out if it was on my hands !
it wo n't let me play with the mods it keeps saying your playing with an altered game can anyone help
interesting i found it very good for libido but i am on trt already maxxxed out test levels i thought maybe has central effects too i am planning to cycle off after 3 months as i like the kick when restarting
i played ed for two years before trying star citizen .
it was a bit tough going from an anaconda to an aurora but the scale and planetary landings blew me away .
it was when i landed on microtech for the first time that i knew i 'd found a game i loved .
well they are all gone so you can stop waiting now .
i got screwed by a ca n't ship to hawaii '' message when i made it all the way to checkout/payment .
can you believe he got up there right on stage and slapped him ?
maybe the baby developers an allergy later in life then what ?
i love playoff hockey when my team isnt in them 🍿
thanks mate refreshing to see this kind of attitude .
this idea is n't super refined but if politicians worked to come to a similar idea instead of fighting each other i think they could do something awesome .
because these people actually give a damn about getting a divorce .
what data says we should keep this dumb shit weapon available for purchase ?
there 's no point in selling these things to people .
i mean maybe some security companies or some town arsenal or something but i see no reason why people should be able to buy these things .
for the same reason people ca n't buy tanks .
what 's the case for selling it to people ?
we do n't let people make machine guns for sale anymore .
we have three pups and calculated the monthly cost and realized if we simply saved that amount in a separate account we 'd have enough for all but the most expensive types of treatment .
the dust cloud from the rock trap on a massey combine might top it .
i just got the dispatch master today it 's totes wicked .
like your doing it make the tools your need anyway that works .
like config backups you sound like you can change passwords an implement change control processes .
you might not get every item spot on but most is better nothing .
try rancid phpipam .net thats what we use i saw no ipam as a problem and made it happen now its the standard .
it does n't have to be perfect just better than it was and dont be afraid to document how everything works and do n't be afraid to change when you find something better .
i thought it would just be fetish shit but not that .
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out qualifies you for contests .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
i wish i would have stuck with something like fusion360 or freecad .
tinker cad is okay for some quick simple stuff and it can be used by some creative people to make some pretty neat stuff but i felt like every oddball or precise thing i wanted to design was harder than just doing it in a more traditional program .
i need to get back in it and relearn since i did n't use it enough to remember much .
familia 's gon na get booed off the field .
at least i would know where the oppression was coming from .
it 's the only one they have n't tried yet .
some other account was posting about how tex mex was threatening to come after people 's kids and stuff .
like how many goals you need to put this game away ?
skoro se na radiu i na nekim podcastima pojavljivala gorica mijovic .
zena garantuje da na njihovim radionicama lece sve vrste problema sa ocima .
iskreno nisam se nesto mnogo interesovao jer licno nemam velikih problema sa vidom ne verujem nikome ali vredi istraziti ljudi kod nas se bave svim i svacim pa tako i prirodnim metodama lecenja .
neki su prevaranti ali ima i postenih iskrenih ljudi koji stvarno nesto znaju .
e sad da li je moguce prirodnim putem izleciti oko naravno da jeste .
u zdravom organizmu svaka manja steta moze da se regenerise .
medjutim vecina danasnjih problema sa ocima nastaje gledanjem u ekran odnosno gubi se osecaj za dubinu odnosno oko ili mozak koji obradjuje sliku ne kapira koliko je nesto udaljeno od tebe i samim tim ti daje ne izostrenu ili mutnu sliku .
barem je meni bilo tako i ima jedna vezba koja mi je pomogla .
probao sam da nadjem neki youtube video ali nisam uspeo da iskopam sa izolovanom vezbom koja je meni pomogla .
mislim da bi valjalo nesto da probas ako vidis rezultate bice ti psihicki lakse da profiltriras prevarante od ljudi koji nesto znaju ako verujes da postoji nesto sto ti moze pomoci .
izadjes napolje i nadjes 3 predmeta koja ces posmatrati na razlicitim udaljenostima od tebe ali da mozes sve da ih vidis bez okretanja glave .
primer odes na kosutnjak i gledas 3 drveta koja su na razlicitim udaljenostima ispred tebe .
mozes i kuci na sto da stavis tri predmeta ali je lepse i lakse u prirodi .
i sad fokusiras vid na jedno drvo a druga dva primecujes perifernim vidom .
gledas u sledece fokusiras vid koliko mozes i primecujes ostala dva perifernim i tako u krug .
voleo bih da verujem da je ovo objasnjenje dobro i jasno ali ako potrazis na youtubu sigurno ces naleteti i na demonstraciju .
e sad mozda mi je pomoglo samo gledanje u daljinu prirodna zelena boja koja prija ocima ili nesto trece ali iz licnog iskustva vredi pokusati .
inace nikad nisam krocio kod ocnog imao sam jako ostar vid i negde sa 18 godina mi se drasticno pogorsao .
i dalje sam mogao da prodjem testove za vozacku i slicno ali ranije sa prozora vidim broj tablice a posle toga mrlja .
vid mi nije kao sto je nekad bio ali opet nisam se mnogo udubljivao jer mi ne smeta u svakodnevnom zivoti .
nego uhvati nostalgija kako sam nekad dobro video pa me par dana drzalo da radim vezbice .
bas mi je drago sto ima ljudi koji se trude da nesto promene kod sebe .
a ovi ljudi koji su u fazonu da nista ne moze i da je bas sve prevara moja ti je preporuka da ih ne slusas .
za 10 godina ce i fizioterapeuti koji ti resavaju probleme sa ledjima i ravnim tabanima prirodnim putem odnosno vezbama biti sarlatani .
a jedini nacin da se to resi ce ti biti operacija/ulosci i ostale gluposti koje u ekstremnim slucajevima su u redu ali sve je to dzaba bez treniranja i pomaganja svom telu svaki dan .
i just do n't get the point of this article .
even the west coast eagles probably the richest sporting club in australia is missing players every week with covid .
when i was a lad you 'd always be loaning out or borrowing a kid for or from another team sometimes only two people would rock up to training .
i remember even just having to play five-a-side or something because of it .
it was n't covid it was just bad weather or time poor parents or parents who were unreliable .
if there were a reason not to be there might be more of them .
people seem pretty positive on the eagles because it seems good stuff is happening .
if you can think of something positive to say about the phillies/flyers they you should apply for missanelli 's job .
i spoke only in regards to calling people who you work with and witness being horrible people friends .
i would n't call people who i can see being that way friends .
if you 're ok with the behavior you see and still manage to call said people friends then i guess the bad behaviors really did n't affect you did it ?
hello your post has been automatically removed because your account is less than seven days old or you have not met the total combined karma of 10 points .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
how have they already made it to the life rafts if they still have college debt ?
ive been working in cosmetic dentistry for 20 years .
ironically i just attended a lecture in april with pretty solid info regarding the mineralization of human teeth .
the dentin portion starts with collagen matrix but it 's the calcium exposure that makes it enamel .
he literally lied to you in order to help them isolate her .
this is abusive behavior on their part and you are the only person in this situation treating that with the weight it deserves .
as long as he keeps thinking it 's more important to not rock the boat than it is to defend and love a vulnerable and neglected disabled child i would n't trust his ability to put his spouse and future kids first either .
you may want to get couples counseling because this is a massive red flag for how he will expect you to silently accept his family 's bad behavior in the future .
10 for one 20 for two and fifty for all three being right
the worst part about this is at that now perk 's positioning himself as the boston guy on the national stage after this shit .
can you give a short non-legalese description on the us laws on this ?
i 'm based in the netherlands so i 'm keen to understand any differences between the two countries
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry you think my outrage towards her misuse of the concept of bigotry and laughing at your desperate righteousness are mutually exclusive .
i 'm sure you 'll need it moderating for a bunch of subs including scantily clad twitch streamers sure keeps that one hand busy .
i bet you 're a nice guy to them too
the company has stopped taking official stances but still uses funds to donate to terrible groups
he looks like the bad boy heart throb from every 80s teen movie !
there 's a stretch of the arbutus greenway after 33rd where it curves away from the street and has an amazing view of the mountains .
i 'm being mean to the guy he 's relatively level headed at this point .
because they think that they can change your sexuality which is bs .
instead of teaching school age individuals about sexuality and what it is they teach men that if they push hard enough any woman is straight .
germany and france are looking for any reason to nope out .
between business interest and the far left somehow still associating russia with socialism .
one false move can screw up weeks of work how many times has germany promised weapons just to backpedal .
i love when pacman frogs plop out of their water bowls and then try to play it cool by sitting in the weird position they fell into for like 2 minutes straight😂 mine does this all time too lol
m300 3,000k vs sc64w 4,500k both cree xhp35 12v https imgur.com/a/wdy0tlm
first things first u/artiet59 did a great job again and even took the time to cut the centering ring by hand to handle the funky donut hole and focus of the original stock m300 6,500k 80 cri .
even if you do n't use it it 's nice that there is n't a rubber flap to lose or break like lots of other flashlights .
ui is fine in mode b. mode a was not my thang .
mode b is just hold to cycle from low to high .
i have not figured out how to configure the ui yet but the default settings are solid anyways .
fw3a diffuser fits nicely on this m300 making it useful for all sorts of things .
it throws it has a niiice bright spill but it also does well close up .
and of course the diffuser gives you a small magnetic lantern in a pinch .
driver seems efficient of course the xhp35 is 12v so it needs a boost driver which means better sustained brightness and less heat while doing it .
it might be a little brighter than the sc64w but they 're really pretty identical for all intents and purposes tint and cct aside .
i still like the orange peel reflector of the zl more than the smooth reflector of the m300 but that 's a very minor detail that goes unnoticed during actual use .
this is a great little light if you missed the sc64w hi or if you want an alternative with built-in charging included .
it can use unprotected 18650 but comes with a protected 18650 with 3,500mah and i think 10a .
which is plenty for a boost driver and this emitter .
the protected cell seems to fit better because it 's slightly longer so i use the cell that came with it .
since it has built-in charging this is a non-issue .
tint is definitly a little above duv if i had to guess .
but the extra cri does make reds pop a little more which is nice for springtime night walks when flowergazing takes place .
here is a quick comparison of the 519a dd 2,400k vs the xhp35 hi 3,000k .
it 's very apparent that the xhp35 is not rosy in this case .
however keep in mind that this is 7 emitters with tir lenses in the e07 vs 1 emitter and a reflector in the m300 .
the output and efficiency of the xhp35 hi 3,000k make up for its less than nichia tint .
and again it 's 90 cri which is not so common for emitters of this output .
the xhp35 's cct and tint are still pleasant nonetheless .
and easier on the eyes at night and indoors .
not every light has to be a beauty pageant winner .
after a 40 minute walk on the brightness just below turbo the m300 is still indicating 80-100 battery .
and others have done in-depth reviews that show this with data .
i glued one to my sc64w but it was silly imo that a magnet was n't standard on the sc64w .
m300 comes with one standard and i believe it 's removable too .
oh and i could be wrong but it looks like the skilhunt m300 had some potting on the electronics which is usually found on more expensive lights like the zebralights and weapon lights like surefires and malkoffs .
oh i hear ya i definitely understand the incentive .
o pior é que se for procurar as fotos ela não está gorda só o rosto que inchou mesmo .
do the oilers fans throw anything on the ice if hyman scores the first goal in a game ?
im currently trying to fill a roll of 1/10 oz gold coins
if they ever start here in nola i 'll change my name to finish fixing my streets .
ca n't save your life but absolutely can save you from being found at fault !
hey there u/billionaireastronaut thank you for your submission to r/food !
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
your title includes recipe in comments which is not allowed in the title .
titles should only include the name of the food and a tag .
however there are post flairs for the following lactose-free gluten-free vegetarian vegan and even a flair to signify 'recipe in comments ' .
feel free to re-title re-upload and use one of the post flairs .
for more information please see the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/food/wiki/index .
if you have any further questions feel free to contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/food subject=post 20removal .
please include a link to the post so the moderators know what you would like reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/food if you have any questions or concerns .
as of right now lost stars is not available on us audible .
have not read thrawn yet so can not make the comparison but the lost stars is a fantastic book
i totally did n't save and crop this when it came up just to use as a response to people in discord .
companies do n't want to be sued into oblivion because they did n't warn you their product has n't been tested on pregnant women .
basically when you see this statement it means it has n't been specifically and intentionally tested on pregnant women .
as stated above find trusted resources the aforementioned infantrisk database is great and do your own research .
i would recommend not relying on the first web link or person you find though .
i do n't do anything extravagant but child care mortgage utilities groceries gas resp retirement insurances kids ' camp and activities and property tax take it all .
i have one car but now need another because of 3 kids .
everything in life is just getting more and more expensive and complicated .
i have so much sympathy for people making low wages .
what kind of specifications should i be looking for in a computer ?
pretty much everyone 's complaints about ticket practices could be solved with existing methods but these companies like money too much to change their ways .
i 'll be in sisters but if you ever want to make a trip to the idaho mtns i 'm sure i 'll be home sick soon enough .
it 's not that infotainment is not my thing but i felt that this one had quite a lot of repetition and stuff that is common knowledge .
you have very cute feet i love your size i would have fun worshipping your feet and licking between your toes .
rockets keep blowing up '' lol they did more than 60 launches simce 2021 a none a single one exploded lol
or you just propagate shit you see on the internet ?
oh dear was cute to bad your warrior leader ran to hide instead of fighting with you .
i love the rp dude i have showed a few friends and they said they have started watching you on twitch .
it 's low stakes compared to most world-ending bond villain plots but there are still lives on the line .
obviously then like every film in the craig era it 's made personal with m being the final victim .
that said i agree with everything else you said .
i loved it in theaters but ever since it 's struck me as a sort of smoke and mirrors movie with great visuals and a few good action scenes distracting you from myriad plot contrivances .
what enrages me about skyfall is that it 's been sitting on this pedestal among fans despite all its problems .
i think the smoke and mirrors approach to cinematography action and making everything personal have created this view and it 's really annoying .
it has to be the most overrated movie in the franchise .
you can still definitely scrog this branches stay flexible till around week 4 if flower i would be pulling this down under a net and spreading it out as much as possible you will definitely yield a lot more by evening out the canopy and allowing that bottom buds to be level with the top shoots
take a look at the exif data and find out .
mannnnn i was hoping they 'd have other stuff by them for sale 😔
post shave zingari the magician splash https trythatsoap.com/collection/1342 ? product_type=splash
fragrance house of mammoth 福 fu dao eau de parfum https trythatsoap.com/collection/2666 ? product_type=eaudeparfum
lather games number 6 for me if i remember right .
when i saw the lg announcement post back in april my first thought was haha yeah i 'm not doing that . ''
as weeks passed through i found myself curious about the calendar .
i found myself checking my den and i found myself ordering samples 7 of them ?
i blame u/jeffm54321 because it was undoubtedly his fault like most things .
this process of getting ready brought back some of the illusive thrill that has been missing for me for most of the year .
i ordered my first full tub of soap for the year the awesome fleur de france .
asshole turned stalker u/jeffm54321 could n't help pointing out the slow return https www.reddit.com/r/wetshaving/comments/uzh1fx/-/iab9kgy of my thrill .
i even cleaned my garage last weekend which includes uncovering my lathe and organizing all my turning stuff much more efficiently .
am i 100 pedal to the medal ws thrill ?
no but it does feel glad to have some excitement back so thanks to all of organizers and sponsors for helping me get that back .
u/djundjila i 'm not sure how to honor you because you are on such a high level .
thank you for bringing so much fun to the games last year as well as everything you bring to this community !
so if i was wrong and i cost millions of people hardship would n't i get fired ?
wedding is n't until march but we 're planning on leaving at the end of the night with everyone else and heading straight to the hotel bar for a casual after party '' .
our wedding ends at 10pm so we 're going to take advantage of it and spend some extra time with our out of state guests .
trader joe 's is a good place to start over in life .
customers are customers but i get the sense everyone management staff and customers are nicer at trader joe 's than larger grocery stores .
i ca n't imagine a better retail job for bipolar .
i find it to be a flexible and understanding environment .
and even though i have appetite and cooking issues it 's still fun to work in the food business .
i 'm more interested in helping someone track down something they want to eat than something they want to wear for example .
i 've got astigmatism one eye is 2 and the other is 3 i have no idea how i could possibly get a new prescription over the internet .
app db does n't track saves but yes every new game install means a new entry in app db so backup every game install
michael ver for sure bbm yan i feel like isabel din
does a shit ton of damage for a healer yes pam also does a ton of damage but she does n't heal nearly as fast as byron
super is basically dyna super that also works as a full heal
this is the result of the percolation of ideas .
sometimes it 's things like memeing ahrim staff buff or bug fixes or purple sky butt holes it 's just nice to see it .
but i was an eminem hater hard back in the day .
not because of the icp been but because i could n't figure out why the world was riding his nuts when all he was doing was music that icp had already been doing for 10 years .
but i finally came around and i 'd love to see it happen !
he 's a tool with the covid thing but a great and respectful professional and player .
played super well too and nadal was just another level as he is on clay .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegeamateurs if you have any questions or concerns .
speaking of wodime he did mention that none of the other crypters knew how to use the sirius light properly '' .
could be that kadoc manages to figure it out since he 's been implied to be surprisingly intuitive
i think the only thing that could make it different is if you lift the bacon on say cooling racks and let the grease accumulate in the pan underneath .
but i 'm not sure it would really be that different .
i just know my mom does it for crispier bacon 😅
paid 1400 for one on gb back in december 🤕
i think the only reason why he proposed the idea because he did n't like to see her being stressed out .
after she accepted his idea and became less stressed he was happy again .
but of course when he needed to put his weight in it it became an inconvenience to him again .
as if there 'd be any difference in this context .
it 's really weird in that documentary how his eyes go from brown to blue .
this isnt your photo why wpuld you lie to us https twitter.com/rachdele/status/1531821341145542657 ? s=21 t=cej6b1cf_-niucehmxdavq 😰😰
yes there 's a way to do it well .
it 's not easy to pull off and personally i would n't trust myself to tell that kind of story well so even at a table where people would be willing i 'd likely avoid it .
but if i were to have it at my table assuming everyone was ok with that it would be in the past of a character either pc or npc it would n't be their only defining characteristic and potentially be something addressed .
i 'd likely be most likely to allow an actual sa survivor who wanted that to be a part of their characters backstory .
i could see how done well there could be some healing there and some potential catharsis to potentially facing those problems and even facing an attacker in a d d game where you can vanquish the bad guys in a way you ca n't do that consequence free in our world .
but it 's something i 'd do very carefully .
god cared about the apostles and about john the baptist .
however john the baptist got beheaded and every one of the apostles except for john got executed .
john survived a failed execution and was banished to patmos .
tertullian records that the romans tried to fry him to death in hot oil but he would n't die and was n't getting hurt and that kinda freaked them out so they banished him to patmos instead .
in the book of revelation god 's beloved saints are killed and god acknowledges the pain and grief and their cry for god to avenge the evil done to them but he still makes them wait for a time when he restores all things and brings justice
9 when he opened the fifth seal i saw under the altar the souls of those who had been slain for the word of god and for the witness they had borne .
10 they cried out with a loud voice o sovereign lord holy and true how long before you will judge and avenge our blood on those who dwell on the earth ? 11 then they were each given a white robe and told to rest a little longer until the number of their fellow servants and their brothers should be complete who were to be killed as they themselves had been .
in fact in revelation 13 it says this about the beast the antichrist
5 and the beast was given a mouth uttering haughty and blasphemous words and it was allowed to exercise authority for forty-two months .
6 it opened its mouth to utter blasphemies against god blaspheming his name and his dwelling that is those who dwell in heaven .
7 also it was allowed to make war on the saints and to conquer them .
and authority was given it over every tribe and people and language and nation 8 and all who dwell on earth will worship it everyone whose name has not been written before the foundation of the world in the book of life of the lamb who was slain .
here is a call for the endurance and faith of the saints .
in the book of daniel when speaking of the end times apocalypse and the period of trouble that is coming it says
6 and someone said to the man clothed in linen who was above the waters of the stream how long shall it be till the end of these wonders ? 7 and i heard the man clothed in linen who was above the waters of the stream he raised his right hand and his left hand toward heaven and swore by him who lives forever that it would be for a time times and half a time and that when the shattering of the power of the holy people comes to an end all these things would be finished .
god permits this to happen to his beloved saints and his holy people .
yet god loved his people so much that he gave his only begotten son to be executed for their sins to save them .
why would god let his saints be killed and taken captive and have their power shattered to the point where he has to call for them to endure because their endurance and faith are so sorely tested ?
here we are trying to psychoanalyze a transcendent god to figure out his motives and our only point of reference is our own human minds and our human motivations .
this will get us as far as a goldfish trying to psychoanalyze humans outside the fishbowl .
it does n't make sense to my human intellect .
i do n't have a divine point of reference .
i can only say that god foretells that these terrible things will happen but also foretells that he will bring justice and correct all these things .
god letting terrible things happen does not mean he does not care because we have not seen the end of the story yet .
and where god gives us a glimpse of the end of the story sadly there is more terrible stuff ahead .
but he tells us that he 's warned us ahead of time and tells us that we must endure to the end
3 as he sat on the mount of olives the disciples came to him privately saying tell us when will these things be and what will be the sign of your coming and of the end of the age ? 4 and jesus answered them see that no one leads you astray .
5 for many will come in my name saying ‘i am the christ ' and they will lead many astray .
6 and you will hear of wars and rumors of wars .
see that you are not alarmed for this must take place but the end is not yet .
7 for nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom and there will be famines and earthquakes in various places .
8 all these are but the beginning of the birth pains .
9 then they will deliver you up to tribulation and put you to death and you will be hated by all nations for my name 's sake .
10 and then many will fall away and betray one another and hate one another .
11 and many false prophets will arise and lead many astray .
12 and because lawlessness will be increased the love of many will grow cold .
13 but the one who endures to the end will be saved .
14 and this gospel of the kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the whole world as a testimony to all nations and then the end will come .
15 so when you see the abomination of desolation spoken of by the prophet daniel standing in the holy place let the reader understand 16 then let those who are in judea flee to the mountains .
17 let the one who is on the housetop not go down to take what is in his house 18 and let the one who is in the field not turn back to take his cloak .
19 and alas for women who are pregnant and for those who are nursing infants in those days !
20 pray that your flight may not be in winter or on a sabbath .
21 for then there will be great tribulation such as has not been from the beginning of the world until now no and never will be .
this will never happen again 22 and if those days had not been cut short no human being would be saved .
but for the sake of the elect those days will be cut short .
23 then if anyone says to you ‘look here is the christ ! '
24 for false christs and false prophets will arise and perform great signs and wonders so as to lead astray if possible even the elect .
god sees it coming in fact foretells that it will come and only promises that he will restore things in the end rather than preventing these things from happening .
my question was how the hell that pin had gotten bent ?
unfortunately it also makes people less likely to do anything to change it after they 've survived it .
crimea happened in 2014 so more like the middle of obama 's second term .
i do n't buy the trump was put in office by russians narrative either since trump reversed the obama admin policy against sending lethal aid to ukraine which was crucial in getting ukraine 's military in shape to resist the current conflict .
it also would have made much more sense for the russians to invade before trump left if the whole russian collusion thing was true .
the tats body type hair style facial hair hell even the pink shorts !
this is where i struggle with people definding her .
if she had got on the stand and just stuck to telling her story it would be very hard to argue as it would come down to he said she said but shes made it so shes included so much information that can be proven false and picked apart which is what has happened .
i would say that she went against instruction but seeing as elaine had a flair for the dramatic im not sure .
it was a mistake to sensationalise her story and that is not something that jd is in control of .
there was a couple whole threads on nurse last night do n't know if they 're gone now though
i was literally just having a conversation with someone about chefs kiss being trendy .
how long have you and this guy known each other for and how did you meet ?
was it a friend of a friend situation or a stranger on the internet ?
i 'm asking because these things matter to families .
your family may not take your relationship seriously and get angry about you opening up to someone you have n't met in person yet .
it seems increasingly likely that one or more of the victims were directly killed by police gunfire given the multiple unraveling lies which were amazingly damning for what they were willing to admit to and lack of cooperation with investigators .
it 's a simply but effective look ... and the back looks just as great 😎 .
but should we even expect him to do it ? ''
there are 3 houses for the jewel aswell so the possible rolls are 1 260 000 not 420 000
i mean there 's pretty clear differences https en.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim a_blade_in_the_dark speaking_with_dragons .
it 's often similar but has notable differences that can easily trip you up .
yep but every time you mention this every moron assumes you are trying to be racist .
i swear i never saw a double rainbow until i saw that video now i see them everywhere and everytime me and my wife start fake hippy crying while saying double rainbow
i mean screw her karmic reasons or whatever but sterilizing yourself in your early twenties almost always turns out to be a bad decision .
for males as well you have no idea how many sperm donation sites are full of couples where the male underwent a vasectomy during young adulthood being told it is fully reversible .
most people can not properly predict whetehr they want to have children a decade or two down the line so let 's just not make decisions that are more often than not not as fully reversible as you think .
he 's just a lt col o5 which is the lowest senior officer there is 2 grades below a general .
also the guy saluting him is an o4 only one rank lower .
you 're considered old by the yougin 's soon as you hit 26 it 's already too late for you bruh .
urcati de la plaiu foii pe la lanturi si campati la om prima seara .
traversati si coborati spre cabana curmatura pe la varful ascutit sau de la turnu in functie de cum va miscati si campati acolo a 2a seara .
dar atentie ca traseul e solicitant cu rucsac plin si destul de dificil .
alta varianta ar fi in fagarasi sa urcati prin custura saratii spre negoiu si sa coborati pe valea avrigului
you have until 06/02 01:11 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20220602t171159 .
it 's 1st and goal on the texas 8 .
u/ioniyplayasomega reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' v2f1s7 ''
leaving the tags on looks ridiculous and no one should ever do it .
snes genesis saturn playstation all the way up to 6th gen have surround support .
others like fifa soccer international on the sega cd have it in the options menu for sound .
input lag as in i press a button and and a second later the character reacts .
also frame loss is a thing along with screen tearing .
thats assuming the tv understands 240p and 480i or even the receiver .
also the games look better on a crt as they used visual tricks that only a crt can perform .
also light gun games only work on crt television and some plasma .
my yamaha rx-v685 plays dolby surround in stereo out of all speakers and plays most in mono out of all including the sub .
the pioneer in that corner does not fo this .
summer begins on different dates between the northern and southern hemisphere
alli and bellingham make the most sense but pacqueta and bellingham probably the best
i talk about my ex probably more than i should most of the time when i think of a relevant story .
to me it 's like telling my bf 'oh my sister did this '' .
elon is a task master that suffers no fools .
if you give him a solid forty hours worth of productive work per week he is supportive .
if you procrastinate confuse being busy with being productive or purely slack and make excuses you will be gone fairly quickly .
the interesting thing about this approach is it makes people up their game often higher than they expect they had in them .
it builds a-teams '' that can pivot on a dime and outdistance their complacent competition .
it builds concensus and minimized office politics which is an artifact of looking busy .
if he is fair with equity sharing for this demand then you will do well .
but know there is a lot of grass out there find something greener proactively while you have a strong negotiation position .
the work gets done when it is suppose to get done and does not invade your personal life .
it also affords a level of trust that nurtures risk and innovation .
good ideas get a chance that clusterf s can not possible even consider as its too bogged down in the silly workplace problems .
imaging sucking on those big beautiful lips is making me hard
you not only preserved the equipment you may have saved new kid '' from crashing the vehicle and getting hurt .
it looks like that job and you are a good fit .
i used to own an ender 6 and i had the same issue with the pause at height function in cura not working i found that using the g4 command worked but adding it to the gcode after i sliced my model try g4 s150 dwell for 2.5 minutes you can set the sxxx '' to any length of time you want just put it in seconds hope this works for you if you have n't already found a solution .
people claim her quirk about oden is annoying but heavily praise sanji despite his weird perversions .
they 're both flawed characters but one gets a pass but the other which is far more innocent does n't ?
in fairness it 's not like we 're viewed as a successful team with any of our helmets really lol
can you ask the breeder/previous home if he was like that before he moved in with you ?
it might be just an adjustment period to his new home .
my devon was like that as a kitten and until about a year old and he 's settled down since then but still likes to be near me as much as possible .
i am so glad the brawl stars community does stuff like that .
keep in mind that if the quality of the relic is low the bonus weapon dmg will be lower than ur legendary weap so it might be a down grade when u transfer over
oris 690 which is what they typically use for their worldtimers .
1 they 're recruiters and their job is to retain candidates .
most likely they were exaggerating the truth to keep you in the pipeline .
2 i think you are able to get the clearance .
3 government bureaucracy is inefficient as you 've unfortunately experienced multiple times in this process .
4 not all investigators will come to the same conclusions or find the same information .
if you were still a candidate and received a formal clearance rejection there is a method for appeal .
however it sounds like the agency dropped you as a candidate without an official clearance decision .
5 if they ended your candidacy without a clearance denial you should definitely consider applying for other jobs or this one again .
if you received an official clearance denial i think there 's a rule against re-applying for a clearance in a certain timeline .
i mean you can line their cooldowns gate away port out of los infernal stun into one shot .
there 's actually a ton of counterplay that you can do .
there 's also a ton your team can do for you depending on comp .
ukraine situation make me realize too that tanks is soo useless nowadays .
a single rpg that cost less than a car can destroy a tank easily .
and we have rainforest so using tanks will just be stuck in a mud .
i 've been dying to play her so bad but with the bugs she was just ... so bad .
imagine spending money on something just to beat it to shit with a hammer
in some places men can have paper abortions ie .
they forfeit any claim to the child at all and do n't need to pay chile support .
at least it 's a nice green hue the evolution is a huge fat fugly orange !
mir geht das schon so wenn ich mir in irgendwelchen fachinformatikergruppen bei facebook die diskussionen zu bestimmten fragen in den abschlussprüfungen durchlese .
da kommen themen zur sprache die in meiner eigenen ausbildung in dem beruf gar nicht gelehrt wurden und ich komme mir so richtig zurückgeblieben vor obwohl ich selbst ja auch mal diesen beruf gelernt und die prüfung bestanden habe .
or show us a way how to do it even though its probably relatively complicated if its done with epoxy which i assume it is
it does n't create vpn connections to a common access concentrator server like you are used to with traditional vpns .
instead think of it like a software defined switch .
the endpoints dial out to zerotier where they peer with each other .
packets are then forwarded directly from peer to peer instead of client to server to client .
if he has a meltdown which happens often he needs to be subbed .
that 's the opposite of what you need from a closer .
it has n't been announced yet but i guarantee at least 6-8 games
i did n't say you were an asshole to him .
guys on grindr in general are not looking to have long drawn out convos unless they have no intention of meeting .
it sounds like you all never even left grindr .
he was likely bored/lonely and just kept the conversation going to entertain himself .
he probably blocked you because he knew he could n't keep the facade going if you were expecting him to fly out to you soon .
you 're running on the assumption that guys on grindr are who they say and that 's not true .
realistically if he wanted to meet and get to know you he 'd have asked for your number or something so you all could chat there .
either he got tired of talking someone closer pulled his interest or he knew he 'd be outed as a timewaster/catfish/fake and blocked you .
just because you 're genuine does n't mean everyone else on there is .
if you would like to learn how to verify please visit this link https www.reddit.com/r/dadsandboys/wiki/verification .
this is not a requirement you can still post here without verifying .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadsandboys if you have any questions or concerns .
the warriors are in the finals because curry does n't have to drop 40
7 is actually very high for a gimmicky card .
the only thing the mirror buff has done was make the game even more impossible to balance making the majority of games luck of the draw for the avg player .
it 's especially taken zap and swarm bait decks to a point of absurdity .
maybe i could have some fun removing more than just your limbs ...
it was good when it was rehashing the source material .
when they used up all of the source material they were able to keep it afloat for a year or two .
then it just completely fell off the deep end .
tbh i work way harder at home than at the office lol .
at the office i 'll go hide in the bathroom for 20 minutes because i hate being there .
at home i do n't have those reservations because i 'm already where i want to be .
if she loses and the jury deems that she defamed depp surely crying injustice for the abuse she suffered at his hands just further defames him ?
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i have 5 in a lobby in pokegenie so will invite 5 more via here
the craters will disappear in a few months of farming activity once the poor russians have been ploughed into the soil .
it 's unexploded munitions that are my real worry .
farmers are literally the reason society exists and ukraine is a bread basket country i would hate for any of them to be killed years down the line .
yeah my mom had ovarian cancer she 's fine thankfully so tbh i think i just also got extra pissy about that whole plot line .
i do n't like when cancer is used over and over in media as some sad plot line even though it 's realistic i just hate it .
i would n't have read it if i knew about that .
thought it was going to be a lighthearted romance haha .
i think the bay area is in a weird time in it 's history .
a lot of people move here for the big salaries they do n't really prefer '' to be here .
a lot of people who prefer '' to be here ca n't afford it .
a lot of people who prefer '' to be here and can afford it because they bought a house earlier or have family help get disappointed when all their friends eventually move away .
how much you wan na bet the reason there 's a planned sequel is because the producers thought these memes were unironic ?
é que não detalhei a situação na verdade a gente faz muitas coisas fora do normal quando está em surto psicótico porém no momento faz sentido .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/pornhole r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/tiktokporno r/camslut4u r/onlyfansgirlsgw r/milf101 r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/webcamshows r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
what the heck just tell me if you stole it or not !
but then so could benadryl what type of kratom ?
i know enough to know the difference between an mc6 and an sf10 so i have that going for me 🤷‍♂️
v6 muscle cars are still expensive just bad buying i guess
and the world will keep ignoring this technological marvel .
i 'm not ashamed of being straight but do i stick it on everybody 's faces in the form of a pride parade ?
if i recall correctly because this hand is a tourist attraction they built a safety net under it to catch anyone who falls so he is relatively safe
quaxly water droplets form when i sway my hat !
a lot of non english-speaking countries also call it corona from what i 've heard .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shelikesitrough if you have any questions or concerns .
look at the top right corner of the screen as he says it .
gallery trying not to laugh and get thrown out .
depending on the character and situation a dejected great '' could do ?
you sound like a genuine person trying to look for a relationship .
most people on tinder are just looking for somebody s to hook up with .
if you are more interested in dating a girl than a fwb/multi-some situation i do n't think tinder will be right for you .
definitely try a different app hinge coffee meets bagel bumble .
also this girl sounds like a yellow flag leaning red .
pretty sure she 's got a lot to work on herself before she can get into a relationship with someone else .
i think it 's also rude to be on a date with someone and then talk to other guys nevermind asking to go to their place and have a threesome/foursome with you .
she also was n't honest about being an alcoholic and trying to get sober .
if you are legit trying to get better you would avoid going somewhere full of booze as much as possible .
but at least it 's not your fault for enabling her since you did n't know beforehand .
meanwhile i do every cube 1 by one on 6 chars cuz i like efficiency in everything but irl .
would love to meet you beautiful take you out to dinner .
please read the subs rules and check out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/medical/wiki/index as it goes more in depth about different topics as well as other informative advice/resources .
if they 're any comments under this post that violate rule 3 community safety please report them .
remember to stay on topic and not make jokes towards the op or each other .
reminder if you think what you 're experiencing is an emergency then get off reddit and call 911 or go to your local hospital ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical if you have any questions or concerns .
now i just wish i knew what those missiles are !
it helped me to read many semi-canon accurate mha fics myself .
i just do n't understand maori or whatever language you used .
i do n't want to get too specific with it but before i got sick i had a very limited understanding disability .
i do n't think anyone in my life really understood the dynamics or vast array of disabilities before i got sick .
but disability can come from chronic medical conditions like multiple sclerosis lupus rheumatoid arthritis fibromyalgia me/cfs cancer or the weakening side effects of chemotherapy connective tissue diseases mitochondrial diseases heart diseases pots many people with pots faint frequently and so many more .
there are also temporary disabling medical issues like a concussion for example .
while many of the people with the conditions i mentioned could walk up the stairs it can cause a flare in symptoms a worsening of their condition severe pain etc .
it 's a lot different than the pain a healthy person would feel in their muscles from going up some stairs .
many people who are disabled use mobility devices like a wheelchair even though they can walk .
but i 'm instructed by my doctors to stay under 1,200 steps per day because of my specific health issues and the damage going beyond that could cause .
so for me if i ever wanted to go to a carnival or something i would n't be able to go without a motor scooter or wheelchair .
i would n't even be able to make it from the handicap parking to the ticket booth .
but the moment i stand up and out of the mobility device to go into the bathroom people gaze and act like they 've ever witnessed a miracle or caught me in a lie .
imagine it like having to get through an international airport for a short layover with your great grandmother .
while she may be able to walk her body is likely too weak to move around the terminal at a decent speed or lug around her suitcases .
also one quick last note a lot of people with disabilities have fluctuating levels of abilities .
some days i can get dressed and go out to eat some days i ca n't even stand long enough to microwave food .
one month i can travel the next month i ca n't bathe myself .
it 's your body using air and stuff to get the weird shit out of your lungs/throat
hi excuse me how do you craft ammo while on horseback
but if i was born as myne i 'd just fucking die
your post has been automatically removed as it 's missing oc from the title .
the post guidelines can be found in the sub 's sidebar .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhorny message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fhorny 2fcomments 2fv33elv 2fi_can_be_the_beauty_if_youll_be_my_beast 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
just take your pokémon and get the hell outta here.. ''
i 'm not that good and i still have imposter syndrome
i honestly find it hard to believe that some people genuinely hate elon .
i mean christ you do n't have to agree with everything he says and does but i mean come on you 're telling me this guy is literally the only billionaire who is casting a mirror to everyone else in the establishment you ca n't at least respect him for that ?
curiously the name is almost certainly referencing neue haas grotesk the early name for helvetica—which this is not .
repulsor brace is a fun one though i havent really found a place for it even on void titans overshield synergy .
if i can sacrifice a damage perk for it then chances are i dont need the survivability of more overshields for that content .
if i need the survivability of the overshields for said content chances are i need a damage perk more
i do n't think she was that insufferable in the movie though .
you do n't magically get to choose which court or state to file in .
you 're limited to courts which have personal jurisdiction over the defendant jurisdiction over plaintiff is usually a given because it 's implied consent to jurisdiction where they file and where venue is proper .
otherwise you could do what you 're proposing and forum shop in the most favorable state with the best laws .
one way to get jurisdiction is to sue in the state where the defendant resides or where the incident which led to the lawsuit occurred .
apparently the washington post article was printed in the state where johnny depp sued and so it might have been where the incident occurred .
while i have n't verified those details the premise still holds true that you ca n't just pick and choose whatever state you want to sue in .
i do n't really watch the show but my husband does and this was his suggestion
it was n't your fault so far — homer simpson
if it 's anything like the 90-day fiancé scenario they met on-line or something is my guess .
or she went to australia and met the love of her life '' on vacation .
there 's a theme this season of people moving to the us hoping for glamour like they see on tv in ny or la but ending up in smaller towns in the midwest or somewhere .
ios users discord has classified our server as nsfw .
so you will need to enable nsfw in your discord settings on desktop .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
too early to tell yet i 'll need to see ingame pics of them customization options .
conversely i am 29 and i have many fond memories of me getting twerked on at 18 years old when i was a freshman in college .
it 's pretty fucking bleak as you get more mature and peep the game that is society .
to let loose without a care in the world due to young ignorance ... that 's beautiful .
you have the rest of your life to become so serious you get a fucking hernia .
i agree that 's a hard decision to have to come to grips with and i ca n't blame them for getting through all that stress and just wanting the intended result instead of risking it for humanity 's biscuit .
free £0.40 when you sign up to attapoll survey app minimum £3 instant cashout
attapoll is a simple phone based survey app which i really like who are offering 40p if you sign up with a referral link .
the surveys are of variable quality but i get £1 ones or really low time ones regularly .
it displays the estimated completion times and also a star rating system which shows the surveys which you are more likely to not be disqualified for the more stars the easier it is to get through the survey .
or https attapoll.app https attapoll.app with no referral code but you will not get the 40p bonus
america more mass murders in 2022 https www.gunviolencearchive.org/reports/mass-shooting than there are days .
more importantly do you shout kankerlijer when they do n't yield ?
well he does n't say yes and he does n't say no .
he says everybody knows he had to deal with the whole democratic establishment .
then he says donna brazile was brave because she said it was rigged .
then he said he wanted to look to the future .
so when you ask bernie if the primary was rigged he refuses to give a direct answer but then heavily implies that yes he absolutely believes the primary was rigged against him .
you 'll have to find it yourself now i guess
in my opinion there 's some really nice shots in here ruined by camera shake and poor lighting .
i 'm not a fan of using a gimbal for everything but depending on what camera no ibis i assume ?
at the very least throw a warp stabiliser on them providing it does n't make them actually warp .
you 've definitely got a good basis on what to include in a wedding video just need to work on the technical side .
i 'd say between 400 600 would be fair .
2009ish i 'd take the challenge vs where i am now .
they would still be better but only a few strokes
for a sec i thought the french got one of these and i was about to have a heart attack
it is not necessary to keep the quran always elevated .
https islamqa.info/amp/en/answers/95753 a clean floor or your prayer mat is okay the intention is always what 's important .
yes not praying on time is a major sin .
it is the first thing that will be examined in the day of judgment .
but it is also something that converts struggle with most often especially if in a western country or without anyone around them who encourages them to pray .
when it comes to movement 出 is to move from inside to outside '' and 去 is to go to a place '' .
出發 is a verb meaning to set off '' .
我要出門一下。 i needs to go outside for a while .
去 generally followed by a place considering it is go to '' instead of simply go '' so we do n't say 我們去吧 but 我們走吧 or 我們出發吧 .
i say generally '' because 去 can stand alone as a command when the place is really clear or abstract .
overall i like super metroid better and it came first .
lots of people have lots of opinions on which season you should watch first as a new viewer !
season 4 and 5 are widely considered some of the best seasons .
while there is information in the show for me it 's more of an experience .
i do n't have access to drag bars where i live so i find the show a lovely way to experience this facet of gay culture .
i thought it was reroutes because of the jubilee or something .
he does n't have the potential or proved that he deserved it like saka or martinelli .
he 's 23yo who plays like a 19yo that need a loan move .
only thing good about him is his pace that chelsea 1st goal
yet book of boba fett was like a kids ' show
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i 'd say it has some of the best graphics period to be honest .
my only observation or question is why are you going two weeks without sex with your partner ? ? ?
made a post pretty much exactly this 4 months ago and was flamed into the ground because gu does n't make mistakes like that ''
yea no shit plus your probably too stupid to operate something that has more than one button
got a 34 '' ultrawide in the middle and 2 23 '' on the sides .
i gave up when trudeau renegged on electoral reform .
ill vote again when that is back on the docket .
one poster had referred to the uvalde shooter 's gun as an assault rifle '' another objected i wanted to know why that term was a problem .
the answer was assault rifle '' includes selectable fire .
by includes '' you mean the thing that makes it an assault rifle is the ability to turn it into a machine gun at the flip of a switch '' .
okay but then what do we call guns that are obviously intended to be as close to military weapons as possible lacking only the fully auto firing .
the original poster 's point was that the ddm4 this shooter used is obviously intended to suggest the m4 military weapon .
if he was larping as delta force or even line infantry with combat uniform and webbing you might have a point .
but people buy the ar platform and it 's like because they want to customise it .
otherwise you 'd have a ton of people carrying m16a1 lookalikes as that 's a really iconic rifle .
these weapons are lighter and shorter than the earlier military standard .
they are useful in tighter quarters and shorter ranges .
the m14 kind of looks like it is related to deer rifles the m16 does n't .
that line '' was crossed last century at the latest .
oh i forgot by military '' you mean black plastic and scary looking '' .
and yes i believe that semi-auto fire is an important part of this .
someone who has spent mega hours practicing and is n't too worried about accuracy might fire a bolt action rifle rapidly .
but keeping your hand on the grip and finger on the trigger has to help if you 're trying to locate and hit erratically moving targets .
saying that bolt action was state of the art a century ago is hardly relevant .
did you miss 44 rounds in a minute with 39 hits ?
you do n't need mega hours practicing '' british conscripts could do it after a few hours .
some people think that in a civil society non-soldiers should n't be owning guns that are optimized for killing lots of people quickly .
you keep ignoring how fast a bolt action can fire .
two world wars and millions of dead soldiers attest to the fact that you are wrong on this point .
in fact the easy availability of such guns may be the thing that nudges disturbed people over the line from fantasy to actual mass murder .
so now you 're advocating for banning all guns ?
because if a disturbed person wants to kill people and ca n't get a semi automatic are they going to change their mind and go home or are they going to get a blot action rifle or handgun ?
they think that ordinary people should be able to own very close relatives of military weapons .
more than a few believe they should be able to own any weapon so again you 're showing a lack of knowledge on the subject .
but then when someone refers to them with a military weapon name they get all defensive .
no those people would be happy having military weapons and calling them such .
give them an assault rifle and i 'm sure they 'll let you call it a military weapon .
what they get is annoyed with idiots some of whom do know better either ignorantly or deliberately classifying civilian weapons as military '' because it helps their narrative .
say it 's not exactly a military weapon it is a military style '' weapon .
if you 're ashamed of the military connection try to figure out why do n't argue about fine lines .
no one 's ashamed they just know more than you and politely and kindly correct your mistakes .
but it does n't seem to be getting through to you .
i 'll be leaving my not exactly '' ceo level job getting in my not exactly '' a formula one car to my not exactly '' mansion in not exactly '' beverley hills .
but it 's all the same really is n't it .
no you are clearly wrong what falcon said is the closest to truth .
the logic of ny politicians assault rifles can be bought at 21 but bullet proof vests that save lives have to be completely banned .
of course bullet proof vests will not be banned for anyone with connections to power .
i wo n't post my child because this post is n't about her .
it 's about you and no i 'm sorry you changed your post because you saw how people reacted to something ridiculous and had no back up for it .
people that like to quickly turn things around are usually the guilty ones 🙈 have a good one
actually it would add 4 because the double arrows means the task is worth 2
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
zappos used to pay people if they wanted to leave .
it was so they would n't infect the culture .
zappos was one of the best places to work .
tony did a great job meeting employees where they were and helped build them .
despite germany shutting down its nuclear pps the share of direct-to-heat gas heating has been decreasing .
the dark blue is fernheizung which is delivered by gas pps but not necessarily it can also be other types of plants such as garbage-burning ones which is what i get i think .
all good girls know you do n't wear panties with a dress
the latest one the first thing on the nexus mod page and sure i 'll check that out
stuck on step 3 how do i merge them ?
that was very reassuring and great advice i 'll look into it thank you
so let me ask a question and be absolutely clear that i know it 's an extreme but i 'm still currious would you marry a woman who was raped ?
and are way less efficient than other heating methodes outside of the big iron electric heaters .
i used to believe this was the case but we 've had a handful of people go through every submission over the past several jams .
it takes about 3-5 hours for a single person .
split this work over the curation team and you 've got a once-a-jam task that takes 1-2 hours per person .
reasonable especially for the team whose job it is to make the players ' playing experience better .
do you have any information about the stone and your ring size ?
good morning everyone woke up with a sinus headache yay !
bong ripped and logged into the meeting just waiting .
yeah i think it 's harsh too but who am i to stand in the way of moclan tradition ?
the problem with your statement is n't what neji said its what you keep saying .
at no point in the show did it ever pretend naruto was regular .
he was a demon child from the start literally before the series got its stride naruto did n't was n't written as having the nine-tails fox in him he was the nine tailed fox in human form .
thats why he 's got whiskers and fox-squint right from the goddamn start .
literally in the first episode he power-learned a forbidden jutsu and spams it a hundred-fold across the forest while his instructor pleads for his life..
he was ostracised by the entire village save for the hokage resented by every adult in the village and performing worse than all the other kids his age .
it does n't matter for shit what negi said because your premise falls apart right off the bat by pretending naruto was n't already rocking the 'chosen one ' vibes off the bat .
theres no 'in the end ' here naruto was very specifically made special right at the start of the story .
it 's invasive and takes over from lot to lot .
the confusion is set up by op referring to chris as my son and then referring to megan as chris 's stepsister .
it makes more sense if chris is his wife 's bio son with megan being op 's bio daughter .
op may view chris as his son too but it does n't sound like his wife has similar consideration of megan .
he 's bored and was provoking megan for his entertainment .
it 's not casual sibling teasing and op is nta .
girls who look like that are probably what customers wan na see
i looked at your other photos and i am impressed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
man i could n't find a solution for a while but i think i have a solution .
it 's kinda primitive but we 've got what we 've got .
toilet paper for dry cleaning or thick and long piece of microfibre cloth or whatever .
cleaning spray such as for monitors or else ... it 's not for a paper because it will rips off for many parts when it gets wet
put it beneath 2-nd display from 1 side and slide it to another to catch another side of the cloth from side 2
make general left-right moves with a cloth to clean the surfaces beneath .
also if you want you can push a cloth to the surface for better cleaning by closing slightly 1-st monitor so the 2-nd monitor goes down a few degrees and clean it .
this post has been automatically removed because your account is below the minimum karma threshold .
unfortunately the volume of spam this sub receives has necessitated this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kidsarefuckingstupid if you have any questions or concerns .
i set up the school 's tech last fall just to make sure we were up and running for students we had lost our head of it and the person who replaced him was incompetent with technology .
i only did it because you ca n't show weakness as a teacher on the first day .
underclassmen especially will eat you alive if they think you do n't know what you 're doing .
however people in their rooms kept asking for specific setups and i was just like no you get what you get or i do n't do it . ''
people do n't have basic boundaries when it comes to unpaid labor .
i 'm always nude in my home no matter who comes over i enjoy it
i know you 're being as sarcastic as humanly possible but i still feel like you threw up in your mouth a little as you typed that .
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i am sure we can all get along just fi ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
en daar ook goed geld voor over hebben maar het enige wat een mens echt lijkt te overtuigen geld wordt niks aan gedaan
daar zat ik me ook over te verwonderen dus ik heb eens wat cijfers erbij gepakt .
die worden ook gebruikt voor opleidingen dus de qua ontwikkeling is dat rond .
als de ns een simulator wil neerzetten zitten de kosten voornamelijk in de hardware de locatie en personeel om het op te zetten en te begeleiden .
stel nou dat deze hele actie alles bij elkaar €19 000 kost .
dat is misschien wat veel ik heb echt geen idee .
de ns heeft bijna 19 duizend mensen in dienst .
dan hebben we het nog niet eens over prorail waar ook zoveel tekorten zijn dat er regelmatig treinen niet kunnen rijden .
wil je nieuwe mensen trekken door de lonen te verhogen dan moet je vroeger of later de lonen van al je personeel mee laten groeien .
dus de keuze voor de afdeling personeelswerving is dan zetten we eenmalig een machinist-simulatieplek neer ?
dat eerste zal tot veel meer aandacht en nieuwe aanwas leiden dat die enkele euro op jaarbasis .
en zelfs als het niet direct helpt is het ook voor veel mensen voornamelijk kinderen een leuke manier om onder de aandacht te komen .
misschien is deze simulator wel de reden waarom kleine timmy later machinist wil worden !
nah because everyone is entitled to some form of privacy regardless of how public a persona they are .
you ca n't take candid nudes of an adult film actor just because they get naked on camera .
same way you should n't just be photographing or videoing reality stars just because they make one aspect of their life public .
if i went out with my friends and spent the whole time sneakily filming a celebrity i would hope that they 'd all tell me to put the camera down and stop being a weirdo .
also ... what is so bad about having a dream ?
yeah the odds of anyone being a pop star are astronomically low but you could still pursue that dream and work in the world of music which is a version of fulfilling your dream .
did you also have a large amount of anxiety of them being in transfer limbo during the share holder meeting 😏 .
that last part may be an exaggeration but your main point is still correct .
when you are the sole focal point on a team with that much talent around you and you 're paid what he is 18 goals is not acceptable .
now it 's not really his fault he 's well past his prime and that 's probably about as good as he can do now .
and that 's exactly why no team in the premier league should have signed him for the wages he makes .
it was easy to foresee the effect on team morale .
that 's precisely why i was so relieved when he did n't sign for city .
this is kinda like in rock paper scissors when you use gun or bomb lmao
no i dont have the templates my man just been getting some dude on fiverr to make them for me been very pleased with what he has done so far plus offering some good deals for what i 've been asking for .
at the risk of sounding like i am trying to run it in the faces of those who are n't doing so well i am doing pretty good considering where i was not too long ago .
almost all of the rollercoasters will let you bring a fanny pack except steel vengeance .
yesterday they were turning people away from the gate and towards the lockers even announcing that fanny packs were not allowed to the general crowd .
the only solution other than getting a locker is to leave your bag with a non-rider from your group .
yet ... they said 'limited series ' but it would be stupid for them not to change their mind seeing the great ratings for the show
i do n't have time for relationships i have confusingly worded tweets to write
so for what abomination teased when we first saw in at the beginning of phase 4 do we think marvel is any better than they were in previous phases with their villains ?
weirdly i feel like we are going as much backwards as we are forward .
the flag smashers were the worst villains in anything i 've seen and i try to avoid speaking in hyperbole for this kinda stuff .
in germany this will cost you so much fucking money .
if you did it while the barrier is down .
you will pay for any damage on the train and all cleaning up that is needed and probably have to play for the delay this makes every german giggel thoo because the german train service db is sooooooo fucking delayed all the time that it will probably makes no difference
these apps are n't paying enough to keep up with gas prices anymore !
you listed nerites mystery snails too the assassin will straight up murder them
everyone has this fantasy of being mustang because they saw those clickbait youtubers crushing shit in low level content but trying this build anywhere in advanced content will having you returning to orbit in a rage .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
if it gets hot enough to the point where you ca n't keep your hand on you should try to move it further away .
that being said i do n't think i 've seen any monitor screens damaged by exhaust heat even on gaming laptops .
the worst is usually weakened plastics that cause the hinges to fail .
if you took a moment to click the underlined links you would see it is in fact sourced data .
i feel like this song goes over a lot of the younger ft heads
all together i only have 300ish wrapped up in this setup
so pretty excited about that ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
i think an easier solution would be to change how levelling works rather than how damage works .
i always thought about trying to make hp increase by 1 each level .
you get better st fighting but not at taking damage .
just got this joke in the bottom of the first
if you tell me the actual case or scene when it will be difficult for you to distinguish i 'm sure someone or someone will be able to give you an appropriate answer .
i 've been doing gzclp for about 4 months now .
current lifts in lbs are dl 265x5 bench 180x4 squat 210x5 ohp 105x2 .
i 've stayed between 180 and 185 throughout gzclp .
i 've noticed some body changes shoulders arms chest .
any suggestions on if i should keep going as is or should i cut ?
i 've been measuring my waist and it has been about the same maybe up half an inch over the past month .
he was njpw 's john cena for a decade .
it 's not his era anymore but is still one of njpw 's biggest stars is one of the best to ever wrestle and will probably have a classic against punk .
idk any of these people except the ones in clan creator .
hello u/eatmy310tsh did you know that we have an official chat room ?
https discord.gg/highndry we have games discussion channels channels dedicated to harm reduction and much more !
our harm reduction database is massive and we have people on hand 24/7 to answer your questions or just to shoot the shit with .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meth if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it 's just because he provides so much for me .
i 'm really thankful for all he 's done financially .
he comes from a family with money i do n't and he has helped me through school and other big financial burdens .
i guess i just feel bad because he gets me so many things and pays for so much and so many people would want that and do n't have it .
i feel ungrateful but i 'm very conflicted in my feelings because of the way he treats me .
i 've spent a lot of time sitting on him hunting .
1 china will try to bombard and blockade taiwan the us will try to break the blockade and attrit chinese vessels
regardless of what happens taiwan falling or lasting the us will then blockade china attempting to starve it of all grain oil and coal imports
the blockade would probably take one to three years to completely starve out china so the war will be determined by if china can attrit enough american ships to break the blockade by then
2 japan and australia are almost 100 likely to join in the american war effort our presence in japan today is basically entirely devoted to aiding in this war plan by using okinawa as a massive jumping off point for operations .
south korea is somewhat up in the air due to north korea .
3 the pla will almost certainly take taiwan the ultimate matter to be decided in the conflict is if china can be starved into giving it back up .
no one knows what a successor regime would do or if there even would be one .
the war would likely not be an existential one for the ccp otherwise it would go nuclear .
d hedwig is his owl sooo i thought the username was about harry potter ...
apparently from what i hear johnny has a discord server and from what i hear he is aware that the fans despise him and he has said that he regrets the things he did while he was on the show .
however this is just speculation from what i 've heard .
still does n't excuse of course the disgusting and insufferable things he did .
they are breathing inside the car making the inside warmer .
kicking a door open is easier than pulling a door open .
when everyone going to wake up and realize the xbox series s is just as good and to just buy expanded storage
roxxi is not that bad she could be worse even tho i will admit i 'm buying this more for nevra bc even her outfit is cute except for the cap which is not ugly but is giving beach vibes and her outfit is giving night club vibes and roxxi is giving ... .well i 'm in kindergarten and i chose my outfit 🤪
this is the kind of random shit i want to see in gta 6
keeping time by clocks instead of the sun and/or church bells is still pretty cutting edge ... ..
real survivor of abuse and i do not support ah .
most real victims can see their abuser perpetuated through her her constant lying and absolute gaslighting .
50k is great for first time helpdesk job with only certs as background ed in california .
in a couple years his value will be 80k and that 's without the level 2 and 3 promotions this guy can get along with more certs .
if this post is a meme and you think it belongs on r/pokemonmemes upvote this comment !
if this post does n't belong here or you think it breaks one of our rules downvote this comment !
message the mods with the date and you will be added to our birthday sticky !
i 'm looking for women in this community to help me moderate please contact via modmail if you 're interested and have relevant modding experience !
please check out r/thisisme my non-sexual body positive subreddit for people of all shapes sizes and genders
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bbw_chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
he was literally the patron of both the highest and the lowest in society .
someone who would test mortals ' courage by showing up as a horrible headless apparition at night awarding those who were brave enough to pluck the heart from its chest .
plus he 's one of the four tezcatlipoca who sacrificed themselves to create the cosmos .
similarly he sacrificed his foot to fish up cipactli whose body was subsequently used to create the earth .
on top of this tezcatlipoca 's most famous ritual involved a man who was chosen to become him for a year 's time before being sacrificed at its end .
something that served as a symbol of both the greatest heights and the lowest depths .
still he 's ultimately a part of the cosmic order that bound both mortals and immortals in chains of mutual obligation .
one of his two naguals is the jaguar god tepeyollotl who governed echoes and earthquakes .
similarly he was the jaguar sun who ended the first world via a rain of jaguars .
the other animal that he 's associated with would be the turkey .
bph appealing pep11 just suits this massacre of a day so so bad .
no they are saying that amber has a record while johnny does n't .
so the one most probable to be an abuser is amber and not johnny when there 's even exes talking in favor of johnny when amber had a full on case before .
im the same way and there 's toxic people everywhere man .
the only thing we can do is turn off chat and ignore them .
that 's what i 'm saying bro portable for honor would be crazy fire
yes the legs were indeed tricky especially due to their unconventional joints .
i do n't think i 'm a community representative and never said as much but i do feel like if this is the state of instanced pve then yeah i do think we can and should expect better .
if you do n't feel so more power to you !
that 's a totally valid take on ko cm but not one i personally share .
to me while w7 has its weaknesses each fight brings an interesting set of unique challenges that are n't really explored elsewhere in instanced content pillar baiting with adina and the emergent strategies if people die mobile positioning under pushback in sabir and ranged self-sustain in pylon kiting on qtp .
ko cm has some of these elements numbers adds getting enhanced when together and sniper are all interesting but due to the number of mechanics in these fights and the way they sub in and out rather than persisting they feel less impactful than they should .
on launch ankka and ko cm were hard broken they did n't correctly award achievements and/or loot rewards .
whether there was no qa or a lack of qa coverage of the issue or it simply did n't get fixed in time i do n't think that this is a good state for content to be launched in
ko cm and gitv often boil down to the short sections at the end of the fight rather than the rest of them this results in a significant amount of time in phase 1/2 in ankka or phase 1/2/3 in ko where you 're just getting to the fight ''
i personally feel like the default get in green or spread for aoes are pretty overused in gw2 in general so was happy to see a twist on it for aetherblade imho this is one of the highlights of the fight
li not having a slash indicator is just needlessly confusing not sure why it was removed .
in a similar vein a tiny red circle marker for the ricochet boundary for sniper is just bad for readability .
again in a similar way in ankka you get ported back into the arena if you move too close to the boundaries this is super confusing and has no clear tell when you 're moving out to drop poisons the only solution is just do n't go to close to the corner edges
to my eyes hams quickbrands and scourge stacking have been very powerful strategies for all of these fights barrier is very powerful atm and the utility from quickbrand is unmatched .
obviously you can play other classes but there 's a reason you see them consistently
i do n't think it 's healthy to have content that might be a player 's first pve instanced content an eod strike have a challenge mode that is leagues harder than nearly anything else in the game .
this setup is wildly confusing oh yeah you like this ?
go do some totally different content in a totally different area the knowledge you 've learnt about this fight would be helpful but you 'll need to be very skilled to be able to get the cm of this '' and it 's also ostensibly not what strike cms were supposed to be ?
from memory they were supposed to be a stepping stone between strikes and raids i 'm not sure the current difficulty level outside of ankka cm matches this
this also ignores the fact that i do n't think it 's healthy design to have titles designed around failing mechanics further splintering the queue into those doing regular cm and title cm
at the end of the day these are just my thoughts and if people are loving ko cm then that 's great !
just in my eyes i do n't think this is peak gw2 and i think instanced pve content can be much better than this .
if i 'm not mistaken that model is considered a residental '' which means it 's not built as rough as a commercial '' mower .
if you have a flat yard with not too many bumps it 'd be a buy for me .
for what it 's worth i have a 2009 hustler with over 700 hours in it that runs as good as the day it was bought .
average skin cell turn over rate is 28-40 days .
unless you are immediately red and itchy after applying products which is generally a sensitive/allergy reaction i would keep trying everything out .
alba brand hero cosmetics and quite a few brands sell them .
dropping that gunn on the ropes was the one that made me nervous
no one is bringing up the south by southwest interactive westworld experience ?
2ab4 i also have inpa with dcan cable for my laptop do you think inpa would have more useful functions for diagnosis ?
outside of shooting he doesnt impact the game at all like anyone in the top 25 .
its great that he stacked accolades on the best rosters arguably in the history of the sport but hes is not on the same skill level as the others .
did n't the episode have anne state how much she wanted to be friends with jamie krieger though like impressing her in giving her food ?
mrs. croaker is just like jamie krieger who for some inexplicable reason did n't like me . ''
i gave jamie all my pudding cups at lunch .
nta but clearly you have a lot to work out in your marriage .
your husband is at best giving away money you ca n't afford to and at worst spending it on something he does n't want you to know about .
either way he is lying to you and on top of that does not appear to give a flying f about you .
adding a tray or anything under it may look nice but collects dust overtime 🤢
it has n't been a huge issue in the past tbh for countries that do it this way many in europe do this .
the uk issues firearms to their officers in northern ireland as standard issue due to the threat of the ira but the rest of the uk has vests in the car and i think they might keep arms in the trunk but i 'm not sure ?
elsewhere in europe it depends but most western european countries have officers armed only with pepper spray and tasers unless absolutely necessary .
also most of these countries make exceptions for specific positions where being armed makes sense like the uk mod police who are standard issued some kind of sa80 variant typically the more recent ones now since the early variants had trash reliability https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sa80 design_flaws .
the queen 's guard is issued these same rifles as well if you ever go to see changing of the guard that 's what they 're carrying
wait i 'm kinda new to wattson what is the name of the skin it 's fire
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
what a world we live where people so terrible get anything more than a pebble named after them .
i agree a knife probably would have escalated this situation even further .
holy crap a nice play from strome what is this team
i 'm a longtime advocate of thievery larceny and skullduggery and i think someone should literally steal charlie kirk 's rims .
in my experience just go tsunderer into full ap or just nashors into full ap ...
i do n't love '' it but it keeps me interested and learning and pays a bit more .
i do n't really buy that kobe playing for the lakers would make him more likely to go there anymore than kobe 's connection to mj would make him go play for the bulls but if your argument hinges on the fact that la has nice weather i do n't really think the conversation is going to go anywhere .
sorry your comment has been automatically removed due to low account activity .
please try posting again once your account has a little more experience and comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/newmexico_nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i doubt your baby cried more than 15 mins .
you need to sleep to look after baby adequately !
i also learned to read when i was 7-8 years old .
practically the same can be done using fresh animations resource pack .
hello papermachetiger thank you for your submission but it was removed as your account does not meet the minimum account age/karma requirements to ask a question .
you are still free to comment on and answer other questions here .
do not message us asking what the threshold is !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askanamerican if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's still just the same like 8 shit wagons .
the only one to start since the original 7 who voted against lend lease was paul when he started bitching about oversight .
did n't tell my neighbors i feel like they are not very important so why even tell them .
straffeloven har slet ikke med beskyttelse at gøre mens lejeloven udelukkende er til for at beskytte lejer så det er nok dagens mest ringe sammenligning .
i know i went through the same phase 6 months ago .
do n't beat yourself up for having this condition .
for me the first few months it felt like my life was over .
i just do n't want to do anything really .
every time i go out i 'm reminded i ca n't eat this i ca n't eat that .
it was devastating as food had always been something i leaned on when things are tough .
i can no longer eat a normal person i said to myself .
if only i was n't foolish to ignore my health .
there are a lot of what ifs running through my mind .
what matter is what we do know and how we respond to this new challenge .
it will be hard at first as you learn more the more you will be at east .
i binged watch a bunch of youtube channels to see how others have controlled their diabetes .
the success stories i heard pushes me forward to take action myself .
it gives me hope that i too can achieve that .
it also kept me from feeling alone in this battlr .
because now i know there are a lot of people out there with the same condition as us helping each other out .
this happened to my adhd meds the other day .
like wow i should be proud for even remembering to take them then the bottle pulls this crap
my brain keeps trying to protect itself by forgetting that they named that baby trew
i 've got a bike you can ride it if you like
i think it is just bumping the steel to one of the more premium steels they use in their other knives along with the ti scales is just their attempt to round out their line up and hit more customers .
i have a feeling that quite a few more buyers are willing to stretch the knife budget to 315 vs 2k .
i also just my uneducated guess think we will see different versions of this .
i have to think with the ad22 coming we might see the occasional drop of different ad20.5 configurations .
it does appear that this was a large drop though it does look like the ti shark foot has sold out .
and you still are n't able to do shit to get a woman
yea that shiverz b2b obey and svdden death b2b yakz was fkn bonkers
i would n't mind considering i do n't care for the super thick crunchy parts .
r/onlyfans_promo is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
i want such stat but with a timeframe that goes way back 4.5 billion yrs ago
so they 're supposed to lower admission standards therefore the quality of their graduates because more people ca n't get in ?
... but really anything that might help here is a good sign
or the correct answer unless you find street parking on 10th
to nije ni problem svaki posao se treba cijeniti .
to što ovaj zli noob misli da je iznad njih jer je bio nerd kojeg su svi šutali po razredu pa sada ima bolji posao '' su teški kompleksi .
have n't shot it yet do n't think i 'll have to change the spring but i will report back once i do .
i have a kkm precision barrel only one i found that is still being made .
oh you big joker like anyone born in 1994 is old enough to use reddit .
your account is n't old enough and/or account karma is in the negative .
we ask that established users have positive account karma to post in r/dfwents .
these limits are in place to prevent spam bots and troll accounts from flooding the sub .
if you have any questions please contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dfwents if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't link it but check out phatpiggie 's ig page for his method of using concentrates with his dyna
that 's even more disturbing because she was only 19 or 20 when she won .
ccp are to busy with eve fps ... so much shit is broken gal hauler skillbook for example.. it is n't hard to fix.. its just they actually do n't give two shits .
while less ambiguous rubber certainly qualifies as a bizarre psychological movie .
it 's about a telekinetic tire that likes killing people until it falls in love .
and while not bizarre i found elle 2016 to be solidly ambiguous and psychological .
these are common movies in the mindfuck '' genre which i 'll summon our bot for mindfuck !
all i can think is he wanted to let him go he even ignored the double agent when the trooper was shot .
he was n't even fighting him to the death the same way he just casually followed luke around bespin .
vader also let luke get away on purpose after that fight .
you 're probably wondering how i got myself in this situation ... ''
well u/garynova beat me to posting a link to my canned tomatillo salsa.. it 's the canned tomatillos with fire roasted tomatoes '' .
it came out pretty good for just winging it !
you can however roast them under the broiler or in a pan just drain them thoroughly first .
you can save the drained juices to thin the resulting salsa if needed .
for those monsters i 'd definitely do more defoliation .
your canopy looks great but i think you 're going to want better air flow later in flower .
some people go to the extreme and remove all fan leaves at this point commonly referred to as schwazzing .
i 'd recommend avoiding that for now until you 're a bit more experienced .
leaving some fan leaves provides a safety net as the plant will consume nutrients from them as a last resort .
i notice your trunk started to split where you topped .
if you leave some additional stem above the node it will help reinforce that area .
i usually grow out an additional 2 nodes above where i want to top then cut 1/2 '' above the node .
good luck looks like you 're off to a great start !
i still never get the poster argument it 's literally a different design of the poster .
different images of some of the characters new placements for some finn was made the same size as other characters and moved to keep the flow of the image .
sorry i fell asleep early last night i just saw your text best sleep i 've ever had haha
we hope you enjoy this wonderful community we are building !
please also continue to follow post guidelines and submit verification for easier post approval .
we hope you continue to post regularly to barelyclothed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelyclothed if you have any questions or concerns .
is n't string theory all about reconciling general relativity with quantum field theory ?
on the quantum level gravity does n't adhere to the former unless you get into stuff like gravitons and m-theory manifold stuff
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the subreddit 's required tags .
all of our requirements for listings can be found here r/sexsells/wiki/listings .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexsells if you have any questions or concerns .
your traveller probably never met most of the characters that are gon na show up in this event but they 'll act like they know each other .
maybe a few other details here and there wo n't make any sense to you .
it sounds very vaguely familiar but i do n't want to toss out names
i 'd much rather have his experience in the samoan squad than lima sopoaga tbh .
tell me where i can find these nameless locations 👀
i mean the most popular artists like taylor swift had ad views so it 's not a kpop thing but i understand you 're just trying to say it does n't automatically mean fan-labor which i agree somewhat .
organic views '' should include streaming especially for artists with a fanbase because the unique viewers are going to be completely different .
i really do n't think youtube views are how kpop companies gauge whether they 've made a hit .
hybe has said that their specialty is bgs and fandoms stuff so they always focus on creating a loyal fanbase .
that 's why i said they trust the fans to do everything lol .
moreover someone else mentioned that ads can essentially buy the groups music show wins .
so data being muddled is definitely not their priority .
thats why pyg fits because he is already grounded croc and other villains wont work in this universe .
yep and we 'll be hearing about all the shills for the next two months .
hahaha 😂 maybe you can try if u in asia 😉
i think that 's why it fits the hoffman .
the 5 '' is a rear which makes it wider i believe .
mommy can i go out and kill tonight ? ''
the way this post is formatted is obnoxious as hell .
having a 6 incher is confidence destroying sometimes i half expect a girl to laugh at it when i whip it out
i 'm a straight woman but i know damn well the only reason i watched underworld a second time was because she 's so dang beautiful .
it 's all worth it to see my dilf chris in action again .
i enjoy using tyra when there are immobile tanks or really tanky tanks such as a raum .
lian on the other hand is perfect by anti-flanking so it really depends on the situation and who you feel like playing .
i love this precious baby so much ! ! !
i guess i can feel good that i 've only ever gotten to a five .
if someone reading this is higher than a 5 rn pm me .
there are people out there who can help you and i 'm one of them
i love dogs so much but no way in hell im putting a chihuahua next to my testicles .
81 your j it 's nj y.t xi.. 9jyi b khz 3rd e rewrite g
what is the point of good talent that is producing below desired efficiency because they refuse to come in ?
my coop got 2 cores in a few minutes and did n't even realize .
he almost avoided them until i notices and joinked them .
to replicate an eye that is to take in light you 're building something that measures energy fluctuations .
that 's a little more vague and involves more complex particle interactions .
i like this quote from the wiki for electronic nose https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_nose
can you tell whether one smell is just twice strong as another ?
can you measure the difference between two kinds of smell and another ?
it is very obvious that we have very many different kinds of smells all the way from the odour of violets and roses up to asafetida .
but until you can measure their likeness and differences you can have no science of odour .
if you are ambitious to find a new science measure a smell .
but tbh i think they only hired me because they needed someone to run the drive thru .
sad to say but i 'm doubtful hope i 'm wrong that they 'll have a s8 so i think they will cut the storyline and find another way for jamie and claire to separate so claire thinks jamie is dead .
i 'll miss the scotland/lallybrook storyline but i do n't think they 'll be able to fit it in .
again i hope i 'm wrong i love the watching the my favorite scenes from the books !
what authority not quite the right word maybe 'reason'/'purpose ' would an agent not associated to any insurance you currently possess have to demand you provide proof of coverage with another carrier ?
you waited till pride month to respond this says a lot about your denial you yourself know you are gay and want to get fucked in the ass
i detected that you mentioned an episode/scene from a show/movie .
if this is correct and the video is n't already embedded in a text post please make sure to include the lyrics if there are any or if you have access to it please upload a recording to veed.io https www.veed.io/new streamable https streamable.com for video or vocaroo https vocaroo.com/upload for audio do n't link to a pirated copy of the movie/episode
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/namethatsong if you have any questions or concerns .
she was even talking about how she and her bf were all on their own .
no one from either side was there for them ... and low and behold i found them on fb and found his mom and she 's visited and loves her kids 🤔
and what does he say when/if you want to go to his place ?
it was but the protections broke after rand took the sword .
the price tag is stupidly high odds are none of them would be moved anytime soon but theres always a price .
this is just a reminder to review the rules https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicadvice/about/rules .
if you are here asking about a second opinion ie is the shop trying to fleece me ?
please read through cjm8515 's post on the subject .
https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicadvice/comments/4qblei/fyi_the_shop_isnt_likely_trying_to_rip_you_off and remember to please post the year/make/model of the vehicle you are working on .
if this post is about bodywork accident damage paint dent/ding questions it belongs in r/autobody r/autobodyrepair or r/diyautobody if you have tire questions check out https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicadvice/comments/k9ll55/can_your_tire_be_repaired .
if you dont have a question and you 're just showing off it belongs in r/justrolledintotheshop insurance/total loss questions go in r/insurance this is an automated reply
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechanicadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
right i 'm just accepting the b timeline as canon and disregarding the actual comic .
yeah i really like the idea of reva being sort of a fallen jedi even a dark jedi like every other sith or inquisitor but with her own agenda based on revenge upon those who killed her masters and friends who ruined her childhood and life .
r/onlyfansshmilfs is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansshmilfs if you have any questions or concerns .
everytime timelord subs out put jp in the game 😂
yup the reporter who 's been trying so hard at fame and then a couple months ago doxxed ie reveal personal info the libsoftiktok woman .
we will be expecting them to fix it by 7pm .
please familiarize yourself with the process and understand liability and expectations that come with being a walker before you do literally anything with someone 's dog .
i get that you 're excited but i strongly suggest you do more research before being responsible for someone else 's animal on a walk and being in someone 's home because you do n't sound prepared .
then it 's a contested check and the other guy gave up .
i do n't think i could sit there and not do something !
it would take an effort act of will to ignore their distress
so many people i have known i would love to do something like that for .
hate to break it to you more are coming because apparently they are desirable ... to who ?
your comment https www.reddit.com/r/feettoesandsocks/comments/evbanx/my_sweaty_tired_soles_after_work/iazq4qt ? context=3 in r/feettoesandsocks was automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feettoesandsocks if you have any questions or concerns .
each new machine that came out of a cauldron after the derangement probably started attacking people and because of this it probably confused people even more when some machines would stay docile like the land-gods still are in utaru .
yeah i know i 'm just sad he has two name
i know a girl that wants to do it instead of only fans ... she 's badddd lol
the queen is a hideous waste of time money is completely irrelevant to our politics .
charles and his sex offender brother are meaningless to australians .
i ca n't stand royal weddings the awful dross of the tabloid lives of their spawn .
not sure if serious but asphalt is infinitely more forgiving on joints
my wait time for an xl was 6 days .
they 're backed up in sure just give it a few days for them to respond .
if anything you can contact your bank and get the charge removed .
i do n't understand what is she apologizing for .
i think it 's time for all parties involved to just leave all behind ...
holy shit now all warriors need to do is win by 15 and everything you predicted came true
that 's only airline careers i plan on entering the charter industry because the schedule is better and the pay is identical as well
hillary must have taken another selfie via a mirror .
you appear to have submitted a common or unoriginal thought .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
uk get eyes on the pit measure radiation emitted .
zv inspect the paperwork that says this is a good nuke .
i did n't start a scrip until i got too many cameras to utilize that deal .
good on frankie with a shutout his first game this playoffs
really wanted to spam this on every university reddit page just for some clout ?
and the way he 's constantly talking about how expensive things are ... .its weird and gross and comes off that he uses these people to enhance and provide him the life he wants without working for it
wait are people literally not understanding that obi-wan can not feel use the force ?
he ca n't commune with qui-gonn he keeps using a blaster he has n't mind tricked his way out of anything he barely caught leia and you could tell he was pleading with the force to let him save her .
how is he gon na go toe to toe with vader when he 's got about the same chance beating him without the force as owen does ?
i went from part-time to full-time handyman a few months ago and have been taking on some larger projects recently .
each project i go through a predictable cycle excited to tackle it going oh shit what have i done this is it this is when i fail forever and it 's back to the corporate world for me because i suck wait i can do this oh hey that was fun i can do this
i 'm pretty sure there 's different rounds of these !
the us military buys them because i think they 're one of the few north american built options .
i used to be a hardcore dynavap fan but they 're making it too hard these days .
the shark marketing tactics are egregious and i thought beneath them .
i 'm more than happy to just use the devices i have now indefinitely .
so ... oe-ing implies hiding in the shadows of doing what you 're supposed to in a really organized manner so people leave you alone among other things for sure ...
i need to give it a second thought because it 's hard for me to picture myself doing specifically that .
i guess i 'll just give it a try gaining 2x is really appealing to me .
space jesus and the guy in a robot suit of armor because he does n't have arms or legs with swords of light .
did they send you a blank grant agreement form ?
i used to absolutely hate wearing shorts so this is great to hear .
i almost did n't watch this episode after absolutely despising the 2nd episode and thinking this series would just be trash .
my friends made me i was completely blown away .
what a great vader entrance and amazing cinematography and choreography for that whole ending .
it has completely turned me around on the show after writing it off .
that 's super cool actually that they vary so much .
i have a feeling i 'll be trying this out in the future .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
no worries thought i 'd double check since i know sometimes things fall through .
great prices and glad you got your stuff sold .
time to make voting day a national or civic holiday amd make voting mandatory as is done in many countries .
australia has had this since the 1920s ... a key finding was that mandatory voting mutes the so-called ‘base ' because everyone is voting .
they do n't have to try to get out the base thru fear-mongering etc ... fines in place for those who do not vote .
i definitely would n't classify this post as bashing but i have noticed a lot of people on other posts being overly negative on yvie recently maybe this is what they 're referring to
they replaced the ebgames logo with gamestop in canada .
that 's the only thing they did in 2 years in canada .
the brand i used to go as a teen is replaced with that business people laugh about on 4chan in 2008 '' .
corey taylor does false chords and does n't put his hand over the mic randy blythe does frys and cups the mic .
i was so frustrated that my frys did n't hit as hard but mic manipulation helped out alot .
agree op it does n't sound like you are getting anything back from it .
you do n't have to keep up it 's his own fault if he is loosing people .
being in a hrd place is not an excuse for treating people like shit .
a priest saying he was at his most krunk on the dance floor .
that would definitely give me a small chuckle even on such a somber occasion .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
time dilation would feel like crap in an arpg .
eve is a pretty unique approach that would n't work well with other genres in how they handle the inherit problem of lag when trying to seamless mix in players from different parts of the world
you feel in your gut that what she did was wrong .
i got gregory horror show years back for a tenner but this is a steal !
same i 've been playing a lot of dragon quest xi but i have so many books to read .
right now i 'm focusing on re-reading fire blood by grrm .
what kind of books did you like to read ?
rather a bit complicated have to start with the price of each shares at the time of acquisition and determine which has fallen further down
if there 's one thing i want my crapper to be it 's dramatic
enya concert ukulele nova u 23 '' carbon fiber travel ukulele with beginner kit includes online lessons case strap capo and strings black https a.co/d/1wefopg
got this a year ago and it 's been a joy !
and the more mixed a country becomes the more violent it becomes .
but we have been doing it longer and better .
you may not have guns but you have cars improvised bombs knives cricket bats and every other way that kain could kill able .
why not just do it to an old pair to breath new life in them 😂
they always end up being my favourite jeans when i bleach them
this has been on my interested list but it has the chance of being really bad too .
virginia has specific rules about laying the correct groundwork for statements like these .
they were supposed to ask whitney specific questions would have laid that groundwork but they did n't .
this is according to one of the legal analysts that was live commenting during the trial on one of the youtube streams .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
be sure to check out https onlyfans.com/promohub to maximize your potential with promotional offers available to help you grow and reach more fans .
have you heard of the new better alternative to onlyfans the new service is looking to grow and help sex workers thrive with easy to navigate site and simple verification process join https dirtysecrets.vip today for lower fees and better service .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansprom if you have any questions or concerns .
there is a game called grizzled adventurers https www.drivethrurpg.com/product/390070/grizzled-adventurers '' that is about that very thing .
save some more and get an ssd it will speed up your pc more than almost any other upgrade you 'll do .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
suggestion give control to the old mods aka the votedem team and let them put it out of it 's misery and redirect it to this sub .
i had a break up 4 years ago and never talked about it is that healthy ?
only one star fell from the sky and the director literally said it 's up to interpretation he 's not gone for sure sorry to bust your bubble .
he was only tied to jesus by the unique position of being a king priest .
being forgotten is so much worse than being pitied .
if you are running a full budget process including communication and presentation to the business partners you should have manager title at the very least .
you better be a highly compensated sfa if not .
turned down sex from this chick i went out with and she said i had to be gay .
no lady i just did n't want your weird ass pussy .
ni no kuni between worlds or whatever is on pc now
i agree and i still believe that she wo n't join
i do n't think we have any great cellular options .
incest is so gross why are so many people into this ?
i just want to watch two unrelated girls talk about their feelings and then kiss is this too much to ask ?
yeah but i mean what are the chances fbi are like okay he 's ordered alot of these '' and come to my house ?
if people got paid for interfering into others personal lives there 's an entire side that would be even richer .
amazon with a prepaid gift card order it to a friends house if you do n't trust your family not to open it .
you can also get it shipped to an amazon locker at the mall or somewhere close .
the image they used in the article of a cyclist travelling down a half meter non-seperate bike lane that most cars are creeping over really puts me on edge just looking at it .
but what a glorious 15 games it would be !
go 15-0 then just .500 the rest the season that would put us at about 48-34 .
do it early heal up for the last 67 games and do another 15-0 in the playoffs then there 's just 1 more game to win .
i 'm all in on this glass cannon team lol
for a few weeks or even a month before the latest patch i was on a huge losing streak and then the past week and a half i 've been on a winning streak .
no idea what was going on but sometimes hunt just taketh over and over .
but there are available option from another sellers on ali 🤔
if i have one extra slot i do n't need on a weapon and a god roll riven with a negative that impacts me slightly/moderately why would i not use that extra slot to balance it out ?
i 'm not going to roll a riven 700 more times just to get a negative that does n't impact me .
take my donut bebe takes it takes it ! ''
you know they love you when they share their babies with you !
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
the new spelling does not match my existing maps .
i am still getting used to mumbai over bombay ...
it 's only demeaning if you specifically use it and still refer to boys as men '' ... why are men allowed to age but women have to stay young as girls '' ?
but overall just saying boy or girl by itself is definitely not hurting anyone
what is the flag right next to the asexual flag for the narrator ?
i just need to be your good slut and let you fuck ny brains out with it
telling a grown adult what sex is is not oversharing .
i know i have an aae25 not sure if i 'd wan na do that 1:1 for sure tho .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nansjsjshhha .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
oh cake day is the anniversary of when you made your reddit account !
2 minute tabletop 's website has a token generator that has some animal people .
if you subscribe to their patreon they have a few tvt tokens they 've updated that include mice people bunny people owl people and a myriad of other animal people in their collections some of which are designed as representatives of a class .
calm down no need for names etc because you 're upset it does n't work exactly how you like it .
everyone will have a different experience based on the different hardware we all use in this highly customizable market .
with my use of vong and tectonic with the aftershock micro adapter and even my omni i notice no air leaks .
and even if it did it gets the job done .
i literally respecced to a faith build for radagon because i simply could n't beat him with my status effects build he was immune to .
and like i said ... this celtics team could be something special in history if they keep it up .
'' i have never seen a game get downgraded before it 's release ''
would you be satisfied if we just got kounde and dembele this window ?
that 's funny i was just watching obi wan and thinking about how boring it was .
you got any tutorial videos on how to do that ?
man the landing gear hydraulics would be massive to let it raise and lower on the ground like that .
a legal reason maybe not but it just sounds kinda unfair if not everyone has the possibility to use dark pools so just a limited amount of stake holders has access to influence the price in a way that 's advantageous for them .
i feel like people are n't even reading my comments now .
i asked why not matchmaking for campaigns and dungeons ?
why does my having something affect you having something else ?
i fight the urge to buy them because i do n't want to get my hopes up or jinx '' us .
we are only cycle 2 of ttc so i 'm trying to take things slow .
they might as well cut you off their throttling is extreme enough to make the connection unusable for anything other than calls and texts .
sometimes you just have to give a person enough rope they will do the rest on their own .
everyone seems to have selective memory and every time there is a runup they think its time to squeeze .
but this has happened so many times by now with the same results .
i 've given up waiting for any new music it 's always the same thing happening they always hack zilla and the music is cancelled .
i upvoted all your recent submissions do upvote back d
is it me or should you have met other civs by this point ?
mo is not using the ra2 rhino and conscript voxels tho ...
zullen we eerst eens met de fvd-leden in de eerste kamer ?
maybe my math is wrong but if salem is double your height then that means you 're about 3 feet tall .
if neo is half your height you 're over 8 feet tall closer to 9 .
oh hey 24m australian dm me to nerd it out !
i think that 's the church the el cardenal mission takes place in
components v s m holy water or powdered silver and iron which the spell consumes
until the spell ends one willing creature you touch is protected against certain types of creatures aberrations celestials elementals fey fiends and undead .
creatures of those types have disadvantage on attack rolls against the target .
the target also ca n't be charmed frightened or possessed by them .
if the target is already charmed frightened or possessed by such a creature the target has advantage on any new saving throw against the relevant effect .
no one in the ring of brass fits any of the other creatures except quay
that 's sad we 've reached the point that this is even a statement .
very similar to my shop when i lug my portable table saw and miter saw out to my backyard .
look at the life expectancy increase of his people since he has been in power .
compare it to the life expectancy decrease that occurred when predatory u.s. neo-liberals moved into russia like vultures .
to the contrary life expectancy in the u.s. is on the decline .
and no the u.s. has funded not just the bulk of nato but the bulk of the ukrainian effort .
russian defenses were welcomed into parts of ukraine that desired independence .
no matter who has the bulk of responsibility with regards to this war and it 's funding it 's a beautiful sight to watch the u.s. empire circling the drain as it yet again flounders in foreign affairs and continues to implode in splendid mediocrity .
you have to beat final solo at least 1st go .
i used a maxed bloodhound fang lvl 150 mimic tear pearl drake tally no shield .
i suggest leveling your carry weight.. that fat roll is what 's holding you back .
exercise is a celebration of what you 're body can do .
it 's just an indicator of whether the people that see your post like it or not .
you can post the earth is round '' and get a shit ton of downvotes from flat earthers and even people who get off on splitting hairs .
ya know because technically the earth is not perfectly round.
he 's always been a weird looking dude but now he looks like a rotten potato .
he just said alright we 've done all the things we can do we 've done all the game planning we can do maybe maybe just fuck it we 'll just go in this year and not think that anymore and just win this thing when we do n't think so much
i 've put the tv on silent actually managing not to look because i feel the same9 .
but i have 3 google tabs open one of them on my phone where i check the score every 2 seconds ...
knew a senior executive at a realestate investment firm they absolutely wanted nothing to do with anything related to trump real-estate including using any supplier company to trump or its affiliates .
because too often the companies working for trump do n't get paid and if that 's a sizable amount it can affect the suppliers ability to support other paying companies .
work with garbage expect to get treated like garbage .
they are not putting up big software numbers but ps5 still sells out immediately there just like in the west
some speculation that a lot of the japanese sales are people buying to export but have n't seen much evidence to support that being a significant thing
please mark your images not safe for work if appropriate
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asianfitgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
we all have some degree of curl mine being the most insane my daughter 's being the most perfect so hairdryers do n't get much use .
there 's a reason why car dealerships love leases they are good for the dealership and bank and terrible for the consumer .
before it was fire spirit but im raising his affection jellies because he is one of my favorite cookies
honestly that 's a better explanation than what they gave us in the movie .
i 'm glad that we were able to see han again but god that explanation did n't make any sense .
personally i think the sport is boring but i can go and appreciate the whole atmosphere sometimes .
the guy stacking cups would 've made the trip worth it for me .
i discovered chinese knife reps thanks to this thread 😂
positive singles this dating app is catered to people with stis mainly herpes hpv hiv aids .
you can make it as private as you like by not posting anything but a bio until you decide to reveal photos of yourself to another person or you can set it up like a regular dating app .
the cool thing about the app is that everyone on there has something so disclosing is n't nearly as stressful .
a lot of the features required you to pay for the app
anyone from anywhere and any age can message you so it is hard to weed out who you want to talk to
it seems easy to trauma bond on there if you and the other person were both recently diagnosed so be careful and do n't settle for anything less than you deserve !
hsv dating on facebook this facebook group has over 4 thousand members and is not a support group but a way to romantically meet people with hsv .
mission statement not a support group this group is a safe place for those 18 years old navigating the hsv dating world by allowing us to get to know one another in a group setting .
this group is all inclusive for all types of dating.may you find what you are looking for in a partner !
herpes dating group this is a warm-hearted community exclusively for singles with herpes and other stds you can find new friends a potential spouse community support and get on with your life .
you must answer all questions to join the group or your request will be rejected .
lgbtqia 🏳️‍🌈 herpes support dating group this is a private group for members of the hsv/hpv community who identify as lgbtq .
this group will not appear anywhere on your profile and only those within the group can see who the members are and what is posted .
r/herpes4r subreddit specifically for meeting people and hooking up .
herpespersonals this subreddit is more for herpes meetups and people looking to date or friends in a similar herpes situation .
texas hsv singles a group for hsv singles who live in texas .
a place to come and have a few laughs meet new people make new friends and maybe find your match !
if you are out of line in the group or someone reports you for being out of line in their messages you will be removed and blocked from the group !
this group is a private group it does not show up on profiles .
only other members will be able to see that you are a member !
attention to join this group you must answer all of the questions and check the box to acknowledge the group rules or your request to join will be declined/deleted .
because it 's sure as shit not stopping shootings .
memes are not allowed here use r/turkeyjerky for memes .
for non-link posts the link must be added to the comments .
meta discussions posts about other subs are not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/turkey if you have any questions or concerns .
my rex was the absolute best his entire life .
this line keeps getting promoted which is n't true .
we do n't k ow how effective eating probiotics are in terms of colonizing gut bacteria and even the little evidence shows it 's largely the finer and nutrients not the live bacteria that is most beneficial .
your stomach acids kill most bacteria before it gets close to your gut and wild strains that do make it are as effective as releasing a domestic pet in a jungle and hoping it reproduces .
odd touching it does n't seem to do anything for me all the items in the communicator menu look disabled and when i back out of the menu i get some error about failing to update the root file .
only time we can have fun at a rwc quarter final because we ai n't winning ours thats a fact😭😭
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
there is no such thing as ones true sissy/tg nature ''
he shoulda had the chinky moltisanti kid take the test for him .
there is a tiny pin hole in the bottom of the brake fluid reservoir which could be blocked preventing brake fluid entering piston bore area .
sometimes this hole is covered with a plastic rubber or metal shield preventing access to it .
these usually can be removed with a pick set or small screwdriver .
also some aftermarket brake levers will hold the piston in too far and the piston seal itself can block the bleed hole .
this is of course assuming that you removed reservoir cap and filled reservoir with fresh brake fluid .
also it is called 'brake ' ie a device used to slow down a vehicle .
break is what happens when your brake fails ie you break all your bones .
this is the page covering babelsberger str including 51 in 1941
yeah but like i realistically you want to be all-knowing it 's all there 's fun hypothetical questions that give you existential crisies
he is right though ... it might seem discriminatory but it 's the reality of the world .
the employees wo n't respect you because you 're not chinese .
you 're not entitled to someone 's business because you married his daughter .
how the fuck did you even let this happen ?
why do n't you try finding a nice person who will be willing to be your mentor ?
expecting a single reddit account to promote comedians more than one of the world 's largest podcast is a ridiculous standard
vader had very little depth in the original star wars film yet still managed to be a compelling and enjoyable villain .
stuff involving the warp and souls was never a necrontyr/necron strength
ei hop on twitter you have to see this .
they planned an event to celebrate a 96 year old and did n't think to accommodate knee troubles .
when forex shark gets the eco system firing on all cylinders we will be very happy good luck to all 💰💰💰💰
join this community r/kiksextingg r/kiksextinghot r/latinashot1 r/kiksextingbody r/sexuniverty join the telegram group https t.me/joinchat/kzuweib09pa0mwix
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/f4m1 if you have any questions or concerns .
the only closure you get is by talking to him directly .
in my opinion when a guy or girl breaks away their standard way of communicating when it comes to liking someone .
rare occasions would it be a legit reason e.g .
reason i think it 's rare it 's because if someone trusts/likes you enough they would still let you know their situation .
that 's what i did and my self esteem got much higher .
could be fair but it 's a little risky cuz if dough awk is bad then dough will loose it 's trading value
are the mgp rewards for this buffed this week with the event ?
the joke is that russia could n't make a decent tank even with detailed plans .
why have n't psg made an official offer to monaco yet ?
they tend to take it more seriously if the complaint is made publicly on twitter
when you throw a gamblers gunpowder at a cabal hound and it sticks to them only for them to charge towards you .
what is the linux version that displays icons so beautifully on the side and the name of the application on top ?
sometimes i have to remind myself not everyone knows about 2b4y so i cant go around calling every romanian a gypsy
there is n't shit in montana that 's why .
i do n't mean that as an insult montana 's one of the prettiest places in the united states .
but a big reason georgia has seen a big boom in film production over the last fifteen years is due to the ease of moving around .
a production can situate itself in atlanta but twenty minutes or less outside the city you 're in small town america if you need that .
you can be in the sticks in less than an hour .
there are freeways aplenty to make navigating these disparate locations easy as well .
similar for northern ireland on the europe side headquarter production in belfast you can find beaches woods farms etc .
less than an hour away if that 's what your production requires .
the biggest city in the state is billings which has just over 100k people .
the top five cities in the state do not equal the population of atlanta for comparison .
any story that requires a dense urban center could n't convincingly find one there .
even shooting in downtown billings would have mountains and lush green prominently in the background .
it 's cold in montana for most of the year .
you 're lucky if you get two months that feel like a summer there some years .
that 's not mentioning the rain thunder storms and wildfires .
poor weather is a big deterrent for film productions as they work long hours and need dependable conditions .
unless it is something with a huge budget or an acclaimed filmmaker behind it the trick to filming location for most things is finding somewhere close to an urban epicenter which can provide set space that has a surrounding area that can pass for rural if necessary .
montana much as i love it does n't have so many of the ingredients necessary to have a streamlined smooth production .
a lot of money would have to be spent setting up a production there and since there is n't an industry there in the first place that means you 're burning a lot of cash you could save filming in other places .
i imagine tax incentives are another part of it as many others have mentioned in this thread .
just the thought of working any customer-facing job without being locked behind bulletproof glass and having bouncers on standby.. big lol .
also that means there is likely some rail missing somewhere
i would like to have a bite of those yellow biscuits .
0 bans or chat restricts playing since s3 says the acronym and gets insta ban for 14 days
i dunno i just re-watched the prequels in preparation for obi wan and those kitchen aid bikers would have fit in in the fucking new york diner obi wan goes to .
sorry just had to vent about how stupid that was
you have to get the weisel now before you can get the gepard .
playing through gow give me a challenge at the moment .
certainly fighting standard mobs is much harder not so much the story bosses although the valkyries are right up there .
as to whether it 's good difficulty i kind of agree with both the 'unbalanced damage sponge ' and the 'rewarding combat system ' takes .
actually it 's worse than just the damage sponge aspect the encounter design is also pretty nuts exactly the sort of thing that gets souls players riled up .
i reconcile these apparently conflicting takes as follows the learning curve is not supposed to be part of the game 's design .
the right way to play imo is to start on normal then come back to the higher settings when you are familiar with all the moves and thinking carefully about optimal strategy .
getting ganked by speedy tanks as you are trying to learn new moves one by one is n't fun .
returning to that scenario with more experience is an opportunity to push the combat system to its limits which is rewarding in its own way .
so in conclusion it 's not going to give you an experience exactly equivalent to an fs game .
you can absolutely get a stern rewarding challenge out of it but i would strongly advise swallowing whatever pride it takes and moving up the difficulty settings gradually .
our rules https www.reddit.com/r/switzerland/about/rules require a short statement as a top-level post when where etc .
explaining the interest of the image or video to the general population of r/switzerland and inviting discussion .
should this be a touristy picture please consider posting it to r/schweiz instead .
if this post is a meme note that memes are only allowed on the weekends and the 17th of each month .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/switzerland if you have any questions or concerns .
well i oath ships because i like them hence why i oathed tennessee maya .
i 'm sort of getting a better picture of the place now .
it 's hard to understand when all the online reviews and story 's focus som much on the sexual side of it that it does n't leave room for the rest of the experience .
i do n't know if that was very eloquently put but i hope you 're picking up what i 'm putting down .
anyway i hope you have a great day and thank you for chiming in and helping me better understand what kitkat is all about
fucking americans build toilets where anyone can just look through the crack in the door to watch you take a shit but wo n't shower communally .
connection speed is extremely important when you buy the best vpn provider 's services .
the very cheap vpn providers limit the bandwidth they give their members because the more bandwidth they provide the more expense the vpn service has .
look to buy the best vpn 2022 services that provide the maximum amount of bandwidth so your connection speed is faster .
yeah i mean the issue is when you get 2500 tickets a day and hundreds of them are very minor reports that really could be solved with really just a thumbs up or justice it takes away from us helping people with big account issues or technical problems as those sort of tickets can take a lot of time .
it 's amazing how many hours i spent on tickets where a user insisted the other player griefed the entire game and was toxic throughout only to see after 30 minutes none of that happened at all .
here 's a sneak peek of r/willow using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/willow/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
3 name a more iconic duo https i.redd.it/5j58c1tzjf291.jpg 10 comments https np.reddit.com/r/willow/comments/v0d1u2/name_a_more_iconic_duo
your post has been automatically removed because you posted an image or video that you did not tag as oc or art .
please confirm that your post is original content by reposting with oc or art in the title .
it is recommended you delete the initial post before reposting .
if your post is not original content or if it is on our list of banned subjects https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules wiki_3._all_images_must_be_original_content.2c_must_be_tagged_as_.5boc.5d.2c_and_must_not_be_on_our_banned_subjects_list .
such as simple pictures of books or dice you may receive a warning .
after re-posting with the correct title your post will also require a description in the comments at least 400 characters in length .
our complete list of rules can be found in the sidebar or on our rules wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dnd if you have any questions or concerns .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=throwawayduck42 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
felt like such a scammer sniping a seat behind the bowler that was n't mine among people who probably paid 15x the price
never heard of shape lab but that looks awesome .
i 'm gon na try that tonight you got me interested now thx mate
i 'll take raging erection and explosive ejaculation for 111m dollars alex !
yes but it definitely needs some changes focused on the sudents comfort .
i absolutely hated pe a while ago but when i started highschool and they split the girls from the boys i started to love it .
mostly due to my own trauma and stuff it 's pretty hard for me to do some group sports so i feel like that should n't be mandatory .
like i 'm sure i can still workout even without having people throwing balls at me ?
i personally love having a lesson to just do something more physical after sitting on my ass for 7 hours .
and i 've learned quite a lot from pe like what workouts build up what muscles and what helps with back pain .
what i 'm saying is that we do n't know our true self .
people do n't live for their true self even if they think they do .
if someone did know their true self however denying it would be same as denying god .
no amount of money will change the fact that your grandfather did n't see her as his granddaughter .
i hated every bit of it all of the people who hate each other due to that .
do whatever you can whatever the result will be fine .
if you fail ditch any relationship and go one more time .
i did not do perfect in that exam i was about to go to cs to some country unis or private one went to private one and i was embarrassed because of it .
4 years after i graduated i wrote my first book in programming .
contributed to a major programming language with my ideas .
so fuck that exam do your best if you cant do next year or go some neighboring country .
one of my cousins is graduating from med school in georgia so there is always options .
eh they 're illegal in the sense that they make most things illegal illegal for poor people but the rich can have them .
because america requires 850hp and warp speed to be a marketable vehicle ... ..
actually i think the i4 is going to show that 300hp electric is the sweet spot for volume but you also need lots of luxury features .
bmw will want to keep up their luxury image here .
they already only bring only leather leatherette and no cloth .
only the big engines nothing under 2.0t and hatchback/wagons are apparently a big no no also .
i think they are missing markets but this is the norm with bmw .
cooltaste became incredibly uncomfortable with warlord 's tweaking turned sullen and called for a ride home .
it looked like cobes was ready to keep going but warlord 's behavior is too outrageous to continue .
the real insanity will happen when cobes tries to throw warlord out and we are going to miss it .
this should be an actual live action of solid snake not gon na lie
there 's no point in it and i believe the harsh comments might actually drive you even more in this .
please be aware that the fact you 're being indulged reduces the motivation to look somewhere else .
i guarantee you that at the very least thousands would love to have a relationship with you .
i get it you have a hole and sucking your mom 's feet fills this hole .
the filling is corrosive though and although it fills the whole for a little while you 'll end up with a far bigger hole in the long run .
season 1 was maybe the best season of anime i 've ever watched .
season 2 was pretty close to the worst though nothing can steal that title from gibiate .
no voy al día con watamote ni he visto ni un minuto de su anime pero te doy el beneficio de la duda
that you only live once so make your life worth it .
if you 're going to make an unnecessary dark joke at least spell the words right .
i love it and have gone thru several bottles over the years .
nothing works as well for my skin when it comes to gentle exfoliation that plumps my skin evens tone and diminishes texture .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
unless no one has done that because we are all just too fucking disturbed currently to hear it .
i know the lawsuit is be getting ready for if i lost that kind of data..
same i remember back in the day i always had crappy computers and i was so used to playing sub 15fps that other people would be like bro how that makes my head hurt
would u say mac 's is the best apple fritter in town ?
do n't get into relationships with people you think will hurt you .
if you want to avoid all possibility then remaining single is a valid option
anyone else notice the guard walk animation is different ?
probably nothing but sounds weird enough to be concerned about .
if you do n't work for a covered entity it 's literally impossible for you to violate hipaa .
assuming you do n't work for the place you were photographing and are n't involved in the care of anyone you were outing it still would n't be a violation .
i 'm sure you 're an expert on your employer 's policies but you do n't actually understand hipaa very well at all .
as long as you do n't move the curtain/door too much it can hold a very differant climate from the rest of the room very well !
martin pitching pretty damn well the difference in the scoreboard comes from the fact that they took advantage when they got runners on and the white sox yet again failed to do so .
wonder if the pr team will keep this energy when they realize heard pledged the money ...
roads are potholed to hell and only getting worse .
our public transit is decades behind what it needs to be .
our internet is falling behind most other countries-even non first world countries .
our power grid is terrible still better than texas at least .
our sewer systems frequently overflow and release raw sewage into waterways .
on virtually every measurable metric our infrastructure is atrocious .
the bill as passed does n't even cover maintaining what we have let alone improving things .
the bill to begin with fell short of what the country needs .
this is a satirical community run by and for trans people where we mock the hate and ignorance which we experience in our lives .
the subreddit often features dark humour including ironic parody of transphobia none of this should be taken seriously .
before participating in the subreddit please read our rules https reddit.com/r/transgendercirclejerk/about/rules and the announcement posts and their stickied comments on cisgender allies https reddit.com/r/transgendercirclejerk/comments/cd1yr3/welcome_cis_allies and transgender gatekeeping https reddit.com/r/transgendercirclejerk/comments/eutvur/why_do_people_hate_transmedicalists_we_just_think .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/transgendercirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
you also can admit this is a nothingburger and your candidate hardin is going to let actual criminals who assault and rob people walk free like his fellow da friends in la and sf .
we 're not gon na pounce stella you 're good
happen to have a social where someone can keep up to date on your newest art
i nod my head burning it even further into your chest wrapping my arms around you gently before i squeeze you a bit laughing softly at just the amazement of everything .
you really have helped me out tonight and i would love to wake up to you in the morning .
as if to prove my point i suddenly yawn .
is n't there a large trailer park for seniors right there ?
i might have some remaining gonal f in the fridge .
i think we should be questioning the schools that supposedly educated these republicans .
it 's because their parents never made them clean the seat .
i 've burned saltwater breeze cactus blossom and midnight blue citrus at different points throughout the day .
will probably burn warm ocean breeze later this evening .
this subreddit is full of whiny cop mains and i bet they 're gon na be fuming when this glitch gets patched again .
he is training to fly like he did in the frontiers combat trailer .
do n't care man i vote for me and my families best interest and it certainly is blue .
none of your alex jones nonsense is ever gon na convince me .
krieger armory 's guardian is being lauded by many folks in the hema community as the go-to arming sword for performance fit and finish .
i would recommend it and at 360 is priced correctly .
brittany st. leafy did a great review of it on yt .
you assume so many things here but i actually read into the details and what was confirmed .
everyone had their hands in russian pie and russian hookers .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
ride1up prodigy has a 28mph brose with a torque sensor to make your legs feel like they are bionic and crush hills .
luna stealth looks sweet and has great torque to crush hills .
the battery worries me because i like longer rides and 13-17 miles kinda worries me even if i 'm on a few mile ride .
the gates belt is awesome and i love the igh .
the rad 's biggest benefit is the throttle and a slightly bigger battery .
i wish fucking youtube crypto influencer videos would lead to a perma ban on this sub .
i 'm australian and they are under ground and the fire departments have no trouble .
the way they locate them is each one has a blue cap and is located in the grass berm so they stand out against the green grass .
and on the road centreline where they are there is a blue reflective marker and an arrow showing what side of the road they are located .
so their exact location can be quickly identified during the day and night .
i do n't think so you could never match with them but i do n't think it means they were cancelled .
they probably show some potential characters for a short while just to see if they can interest players
if these fucking refs just let them fight this shit would n't happen .
do n't worry about the flat play in game one guys we got you ! ''
that 's what i wanted to ask .. if they follow the normal process they are not meant to have issue ... but if they do they need to rectify there metamask
holy fuck the mother fuckers downvoting people saying w are bigger losers then the w kids
in terms of the teachings of the dhamma yes .
in terms of the dhamma in and of itself no .
only usfl team i support is the new orleans bron breakers
he 's looking for a slider he has to lunge at down and away
i do n't even have location services enabled on my app .
lol i 've only seen two posts in the whole sub where that was the case .
should everything digital that costs money be banned because it 's no physical or does n't have real world value
if you ca n't buy it directly it should be restricted to 19 and have no ads targetting children simple as just like smoking and drinking
and listen to yourself trying to rationalize banning kids card games .
should they ban fucking gum-ball machines because i cant choose what color gum-ball i get ?
if you have n't looked into kids cards games they are entirely predatory .
they know which is the most sought after cards and make them ultra rare to give children the path for the exact same dopamine hit that adults get from gambling .
this is gambling it does n't matter of the value is fabricated gambling is illogical at its core and is an addiction to dopamine the card game companies know this and it 's time to bring the hammer down .
is it really that good of honor if you 're robbing the place lul
ok i really love sts so here 's a paragraph .
first you are absolutely right there is n't meta progression .
i 'm sorry to say that 's the biggest weakness of any of these pve card games generally because once they are finished they 're not getting consistent updates like a game with pvp like runeterra is .
second sts is absolutely difficult but i 'm not sure what you mean by sandboxing/minmaxing here .
when you only get to pick 1 of 3 cards every once in a while everything you 're doing should be both .
it 's not like you start with your own deck you chose from a pool of cards .
there 's many different ways to win and finding them from what you have is the point of the game .
deck management/sandboxing is the primary skill you are using .
winning is kind of the point so unless you want to do some crazy combo why is minmaxing/picking what you think is best a bad thing ?
third outside of like the bosses/elites 18 fights 12 of which about are easy and repeating e.g sentries always do the same thing 1 attacks and 2 flood your deck with crap then 2 attack and 1 floods and repeat there is n't much to memorize .
the attack patterns of random hallway fights do n't matter that much .
of course you 'll do better with them in mind but it 's absolutely not necessary .
those are the kind of things you pick up just playing the game such as how i could name and list the effects of champs i see a lot in runeterra .
it looks cool 👍 also kind of like arabic writing
that 's what pissed me off it 's not just biden 's it 's america 's it 's mine it 's yours assuming you 're also american it 's all other 300 million yahoo 's in the country .
not sure which other comment you 're agreeing with i do n't see anyone stating that but yes in the past i would just ignore it .
just seems like lately every other comment is about tri-types .
this sub was n't like this a year ago .
another comment talked about a filter i 'll look into it that .
check out the master list of doctors over at r/childfree it 's helped hundreds of people get sterilized .
i recognise the first two but the third is new to me
i will need more clues to initiate a thorough investigation in the name of science
theirs a neighborhood in dayton ohio that all the houses have no roof and just flat tops .
there is a zero tolerance rule for salacious activity which also extends to recent account interactions both comment/post history .
report rulebreakers https www.reddit.com/r/chat/wiki/index/report_rulebreaker if you receive any chats/pms like this .
please be cautious of new accounts with little or no user history there is a chance they could be catfishers scammers or sexual predators .
128172 we encourage everyone to comment first before sending a chat/pm to op !
accounts must be 1 week old with positive karma to comment/post here .
x1f449 majordanger_85 https www.reddit.com/user/majordanger_85 you can ask users to leave a comment on your post to verify the person is sfw and not a banned user https www.reddit.com/r/chat/comments/mkpvd3/strong_friendly_reminder_please_avoid .
alternatively you can also comment check theirusernamehere '' to manually trigger an account ban/sfw check .
this is not always guaranteed always be careful in chats.
to stop accepting chats op 's may comment the word closed '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chat if you have any questions or concerns .
got ta sprint for a few seconds before you can shoulder charge .
now if i could shoulder charge from a dead stop and backwards ...
must be frustrating as hell to anyone trying to follow the conversation !
kids run away from home pretty often do n't they ?
affectionatelovers your submission my holes are ready for you https www.reddit.com/r/bbcparadise/comments/v47ey8 has been removed because it violates r/bbcparadise 's rule 10 .
posts irrelevant to this sub or improper title will be removed .
repeatedly posting images with watermark and promoting sites or blog will be removed .
his demand that the driver hand over his license was literally against the law .
star seems to have more quality control and wkb is supposedly the better performer due to the zoom bags and cushion it seems .
what i meant was beidou has such a strong drip she can even make a goofy joke weapon look badass
i get that the gear disparity sucks i agree with that point .
however if you 're a new or returning player should n't it be that you need to understand everything in order to compete ?
also is n't that the fun part learning all the different classes skills and abilities so you can be at a competitive advantage when you learn how to counter in order to climb ?
submit here to be notified if you get shadowbanned .
13 of your last 25 comments c submissions s have been removed .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
i hate how ea has kept the bullfrog games locked in a vault .
nowadays ea wo n't do anything that is n't full of micro transactions 😑
pls upvote some of my other comments plz plz plz
but still as much as they 've fueled the consumerist disposable goods mindset customers must take some of the blame .
first of all there a world of difference between what i 'll call large value items like washing machines and cheap and often disposable items like pens paper cups and tooth brushes .
with large value items the obsolescence usually comes naturally when technology moves on and the customers want the new shiny thing .
most people do n't wait for their tv fridge or dehumidifier to crap out before replacing it .
having said that there is a trend for new appliances to break quicker than the older stuff and i tell everyone i know to keep their old washing machine as long as reasonable .
i do n't think this is planned obsolescence per se though .
new washing machines have a similar nominal price today as they did twenty years ago certainly below what would they cost if price kept up with inflation .
to achieve this manufacturers take every cost cutting measure they can resulting in cheap albeit low quality products .
you get what you pay for and plenty of people are willing to buy the cheaper option that they will have to replace sooner .
with cheap and disposable items this disposability mindset is in overdrive .
very few people invest into quality items when there 's a cheap version available they can just replace when necessary .
most people will buy the ones under 20 instead of investing into ones that will last decades .
throwaway pens are far more common than high quality ones .
plastic bags in grocery stores were n't there for the store to save money but because the vast majority of customers preferred the convenience .
what do you think would be the most common answer to a barista asking would you like to upgrade to a biodegradable cup for ten cents extra ? ''
will they follow up vermillion with an outdated slipknot reference too ?
i guess lie wouldnt be the correct term since you dont know any better my apologies .
upgrading ram amount doesnt increase fps ask anyone who works with pcs .
unless you are sinlge rank or single channel to dual rank and channel .
so where im coming from its like saying you got 100 more fps from upgrading your ssd it does n't add up .
little 4yr old boy at the park with his parents and with multiple witnesses around suddenly disappears into thin air and is never seen/heard from again .
even though he was within meters of both his parents and a playground full of people nobody saw anything and to this day his disappearance remains completely unsolved .
also how could he get heart transplants if he did n't have a heart ?
well that were mainly from my brain not being sure what valk was guna do while flying around lol
my sensitivity is default used to be one higher .
default is probably easier to aim with but higher sens is much better to do a quick 180 which is pretty slow with default .
it 's probably not worth trying to overclock that card .
i had a 6770 before and it 's just an old card .
a slight oc wo n't make a big difference .
me and my wife are in open marriage but still i want her to cheat on me .
i need one of these i 've encountered maybe one ape in the wild over the course of two years.. it 's been lonely
oh the battles in bremen were great as well once we got them running only 1-2 pure rps battles rest decided by strategy .
one of the judges said they were probably the most exciting finals there were so far just would have been nice not to have so many delays between the actual battles
i can only imagine the antics snagglepuss would get into in as huckleberry lol .
and maybe the honesty to own up to it .
if you do n't like that dbd is competitive then you can make excuses or rationalize that it 's not .
only one you 'd hurt is yourself by doing so .
ea disconnect me again from my first fut champs game .
no wrong ... honestly the only time where using a def matrix over fortresses is better when you 're using glass cannon but do n't have pys/heat fortress .
i think she should go for a space shuttle shoot for the moon !
so my ex 's affair was fairly short lived considering .
it was mostly an ea but i hate when people separate affairs into categories .
an affair is an affair and they are all super shitty and equally damaging .
turned physical for 2 weeks it was n't really happening in that department .
it fizzled out after that but the damage was done .
he did n't know how to end it felt bad boo fucking hoo tried to stay friends he 's such a good guy !
i was out of there during the physical period .
once i found out about the emails lunches and chats i left that 's when it became physical .
through my own detective work chats texts emails and her sending me stuff i was able to piece stuff together .
through interrogations and just him tripping himself up with stuff i would catch him .
once this shit happens your mind starts to operate like the terminator .
is that a bead of sweat on his upper lip ?
wait did he just say he had chicken for lunch on monday ?
did n't he say he had pizza before ? yea you catalog everything .
what time they got home every day all of it .
so that 's how the trickle truth happens because they only want to give you enough to satisfy your questions for the moment .
only enough to satiate your need for information and what they think you know .
you want to see if they 're being honest because often times you already know the answers to the questions you 're asking pro tip do n't ever ask questions you do n't already know the answer to .
so you test them by seeing if they 'll come clean or trickle truth .
there 's always that moment where it 's like a standoff .
that shit is tense and that 's why reconciliation does n't work !
it 's like a shootout at the okay corral .
we 're thinking this dumb motherfucker better not lie because i 'm fully loaded. trickle truth is lots of fun .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
sometimes i have dreams about being in college and realizing that i forgot to go to a certain class all semester and was going to fail it .
i wonder if astronauts have dreams about forgetting to clip in on space walks and then experiencing what you describe .
actually that is a very polite response i 'll use it as inspiration to check up on them after the heat dies down .
it 's still early and they 're in a sort of honeymoon phase of it but i 'll definitely have to check on them .
weird i spent 8 years studying adolescent psychology and that does n't align with any of my formal education
the problem is what 's the point in giving constructive criticism anymore when it 's been ignored for 10 years ?
how many times are we expected to tell 343 the same things over and over again ?
but yet they 're the only state in new england where cannabis is still illegal ...
wanted to see if you really was into kiddy porn ... and i 'm the weirdo ?
edit people thank you for the awards but save them for another redditor who needs a pick-me-up .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/imfinnagotohell/comments/v4nsdb/looks_like_everyones_happy
but i feel bad cos i do n't think she would 've done as well
this sub is devolving into attacks on actual funny jokes .
if mario can wan around a big city with people so can sonic .
make no mistake it 's all just patriarchal power systems at the end of the day
bottom line is the same bac does n't always work well .
it depends on the shooter 's eyes and so everyone needs to figure that out for themselves before planning to use it .
that looks like a balloon that appears to be moving because the helicopter filming it is moving and it creates that illusion .
it does n't go through the trails that 's from the video compression .
the other angle https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hwsezx4zgdy t=3440s shows birds .
green apron has the best quality to order you will have to use the whatsapp number on the site .
just keep going and pay attention at the end of the race .
luckily i had a new controller at the time and got through all of season 12 without drift .
but just a week ago i started having some weird twitches that my controller does where my aim suddenly shifts so i upped the deadzone to 1 .
not as good aas 0 but its better than what i was used to for the first 11 seasons which was small '' deadzone 15 or something and that made precise aiming from a distance hard .
lastly for a very simple drill just put a gold mag on an r301 3x sight and practice strafing and beaming the dummies in range .
spend maybe 5 minutes doing this daily and you 'll see improvements .
how did you pull it out of the container as a single whole piece ?
confused on one of your bullet points.. you increased row search time by 50 ?
do n't you want to decrease time spent searching ?
wrangler atg utility pants based on the pocket lips .
i have something else big that you can suck on ... ..only if i get to pull those incredible tits out to play with while you do it .
this transaction has been recorded and flairs have been updated .
it 's not a slum more of quite nice but still concrete drab public housing bit .
and i considered gentrification but all things being equal why would they move there when there are plenty of empty apartments in better located level 5 vanilla buildings ?
everything but those blocks is level 5 due to progression .
as for taxes why squeeze the little people when the dlc industries provide ?
if i remember correctly that happens only after that component is not required for any more upgrades ?
the design looks kind of awkard i 'd say it looks like the primal form of an tadpole that just did n't .
pretty much ff girls are younger in their original timeline .
i agree with this and am a proponent of dollar cost averaging .
just put the same amount in every month and you are n't as focused on the day to day market .
slow bpm does n't really kill her breaks it 's very much not breakcore it has the sample element but that 's it including a break does n't make it breakcore the break has to be killed
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
you will hear the difference with a good set of gear when using 192 vs 320 but if you go higher not as much as to not step on some toes and comment not at all
the wife and i have been throwing loose change in there for years for my granddaughter .
from the seminal album skin flutes in a duck blind ''
i actually bought a reusable pod a few months ago it works like a charm and i can try out many coffee brands/varieties that i could n't before .
seriously about 3 times cheaper so no helping the environment is not just for wealthy people .
the only minor downside is that it takes a few seconds to make it/clean it afterwards .
i recommend it to those who do n't want to throw away a fully functionnal coffee machine .
i have said it before but pokegirls always hit the spot !
pfft you suggesting he might be a teenager or something ?
so you want stability recoil amd flinch of m and k but aim assist of a controller ?
the meme is something like irc hides your password if you type it see and then a user typed hunter2 which was their password and it did n't get hidden
i personally do not want children so my husband and i have been considering him getting a vasectomy .
i know things can happen with those as well but i feel that the anxiety of getting pregnant would not be so crippling knowing he had it done .
it is definitely frustrating how people that dont want children can fall pregnant so easily while some people who dont are desperate to .
would it be nice if i could just snap my fingers and get dirty with kate beckinsale ?
but i 'm in no way entitled to her or any other woman .
but the project it 's interesting as a sort of v.m .
interesting example but why do well rounded fighters need to learn how to make sandwiches at all ?
i feel like making do with bad sandwiches or getting some from a shop would probably be acceptable and give them more time to concentrate on learning more fighting skills .
if they did want to learn to make better sandwiches they can probably make do with an average teacher i see no reason they would need to learn from the best .
i mean they can but nothing in their established skill set suggests they would benefit from it any more than anybody else would
thank you so much for posting on one of the footsie subreddits !
we have an amazing discord server full of models and admirers .
we have a lot of fun and urge everyone to come join the friendliest community where we share everything from feet to pets !
as a model you can get verified here too .
we automatically post all of the top posts on feetpics over on our twitter .
go follow us to get only the best pics posted each day .
if you are in one of the pics feel free to post your link underneath !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetloversheaven if you have any questions or concerns .
a lot more humans in the shoes instead of pure cartoons the newer you get
the only thing i did n't expect in that scene is termite entering the penis rather than the asshole .
what kind of a psychopath enjoys something like a bug moving around in his urethra ?
and they grid them up and put them in soccer fields ...
sub 2.5pm and other particles are supposed to be more dangerous than bigger .
and the bigger have more mass making 2.5pm even worse per mass .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/discordvideos if you have any questions or concerns .
running charcoal activated cabin air filters help out with unpleasant smells as well .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotmoms if you have any questions or concerns .
in a similar vein a friend of mine is doing his master 's in counseling and described trauma as something like the intersection between the actual traumatic experience and the individual 's capacity to cope with said trauma '' .
so for a personal example i might think my grandmother who suffered an intense burn-like skin condition all her life suffered much more than me with my depression and anxiety but there is also the question of each of our abilities to cope with those issues and whether those coping skills support our emotional well-being .
budget super easy reservation online and if you have an amazon account there 's a discount code .
edit also there is a shuttle to and from the airport
i 'm kinda shy i put my picture up so people knew i was being serious .
i wanted people to talk too and play xbox with .
so how did you end up carrying all those bricks you shat since your bag is full ?
i 'm open about what 's really going on .
their government is just people there 's videos of their soldiers smiling while firing bombs at people and hundreds of rape cases i 'm sure they were n't ordered to rape people .
there 's also that handy easily accessible kill switch .
conveniently located within thumb reaching distance on the throttle side .
this is the most unexpected r/unexpected i 've ever seen .
do u think big cities earns more as compared to small towns like middlesbrough
this outperformance stems from being more aggressive in a portfolio during periods when lumber is leading gold and being more defensive during periods when gold is leading lumber
perhaps requiring that students who do n't achieve a maths english gcse are required as part of their a level course to achieve it in parallel ?
this for reference is already required and has been since 2015 .
it 's not clear to me that it achieves much other than massively demoralising people pass rates for those pupils are very low and support is generally minimal .
there 's a huge difference between failing english language because you have no talent for creative writing and not knowing how to read write and speak
just to be clear creative writing is not required to pass the english language gcse .
i imagine the ucas statements would give a generally good view of someone 's ability to communicate anyway .
quite a few universities do n't read them as a matter of policy .
hello your post was removed because your account is less than 60 days old or you do not have the required 500 comment karma to make post submissions .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
are eligible for ongoing contests and can win free reddit premium coins and flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/womenbendingover if you have any questions or concerns .
ja der großteil der subventionen für einen landwirt kommt doch aus der ersten säule sind also die direktzahlungen .
ich habe dieses argument noch nie so richtig verstanden .
if i keep a the peacock and a few gentler mbuna would that be ok ?
i 'm doing waterchanges every 1-2 weeks bc the nitrates are so high .
it 's too much considering i have to collect gallons of ro every week
i prepare to laugh at him when she becomes our ex .
the reverse snobbery in these kind of posts always amuses me .
most of these homes were probably built for cheaper than it will cost your ex corpo 2 bed on the southside of dublin .
i was at my dad 's work playing video games in the closed reception office .
just by existing in that office i was stressing it out .
the dog was growling whining and kept throwing itself at the door .
it was strong enough to open the door and i took off and started screaming for my dad .
dog chased me like i was a rabbit and latched on my arm .
kept shaking it 's head and i was so small so it was strong enough to drag me back when i was just trying to get to my dad .
it took 3 men there and my dad hitting this dog repeatedly on the neck with a wrench to release my arm .
the owner who stood in the corner watching this whole thing happen and did nothing ! ! !
i think he said something like well she 's not bleeding is she ? ''
he looked more scared that someone was going to call the police on him than anything .
when i tell other people what happened they tend to downplay it and say all dogs are n't like that .
i had one guy who liked pitbulls say to me are you sure it was n't some sissy dog like a poodle ? ''
that goes beyond even what i was thinking of .
is that supposed to be the afton family '' or noah 's family '' ?
congrats on landing this position at 19 now make sure you only consider your base as your income to live off of and invest/splurge a little off those commissions .
do n't let lifestyle creep catch up to you .
i 've always wondered how that casting came to be .
he has basically no other comedy experience that i 'm aware of and he fit into that movie seamlessly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
a lot of it is internal controls a lot of it is poor system planning
the police have shown time and time again they have no duty to protect us or our children .
we need something to be done about mental health .
just have them make it in the regular cup and pour it into your yeti
you keep upping the ante which is making more people more resistant to your claims .
45mph stock ruckus with a new variator on a flat you 're 6'3 '' ... no ... .6'4 '' now with a 12mph headwind a still air adjusted speed of 57mph ! ?
doing something that nobody else has done on a ruckus in 20 years
you should just be content to ride your ruckus and enjoy it .
it 's similar to someone on foot diving in front of a moving car pretending to be injured and screaming demanding money .
but as you say they usually do n't attack so much though we could consider that they attacked cause they wanted to scare him in to offering money .
but yes it sounds dumb and also it did n't work .
i agree it does n't sound like a scam .
op should mention if they asked for money or restitution or asked for anything at all .
i agree i would n't have ever said it sounds like a scam if op had n't said .
the only thing is he says the car was already damaged .
some of us who become christian have to make that choice .
either stand with god or stand with the family .
yeah the only guy you could hire was hero from sonic project hero for its really accurate momentum based gameplay the others are pretty boring .
but hero changed his vision for the game while i respect that we 're basically back to square one now .
as a long time sonic fan looks like the franchise 's gon na die in a few years
edit ok guys i get it sonic films do well what i meant is sonic as a great games franchise but i do realize that ship has sailed for a very long time now .
my understanding and if you are certain i am wrong tell me computershare dtc get 10 day advance notice to prep .
public announcement is as little as 10 min warning .
5 weeks and scared shitless that we absolutely wo n't be able to handle 2 kids .
when looking for someone to blame who needs evidence ?
they will love elon when they believe he helps them make money and they will hate him when they lose money .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=throwawaybwc376 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
all i see is a bunch of headcanon misconceptions fallacies false facts assumptions and no proof .
you also keep dancing around the actual argument to try and prove your headcanon is real .
funniest shit is almost all startups even most unicorns do n't have any cybersecurity in place .
system admins does some common patches and that 's about it .
one attack and all the user 's sensitive data goes down the drain .
but the little tree in the pot on the very tippy edge of the speaker gives me anxiety lol
does anyone know of a timer app for android phones that would work for keeping track of multiple players ?
but dad i want to be like you when i grow up
we should put 6 and 9 together some time then multiply with each other ... p
i do n't know the line between me training her and her training me
its both and there is nothing wrong with that at all so long as she 's actually 'going ' .
at 4 months she should reasonably be around 1 1/2hrs between pees .
it is frustrating but it does start to slow in the next 4-6 weeks .
most people have to work to a timer to take their pup out and see if they 're ready to pee ... if your girl is peeing everytime she 's indicating awesome .
that breed is smart as a whip maybe consider bell training her so she can let you know from an audible distance .
it makes your life easier to get on with if you do n't need to be near for her to communicate
i 've had a lot of grief for the loss of the extended family that i thought would happen .
my family is big tons of aunts and uncles and cousins on my mother 's side and i have a lot of siblings most of whom have children .
the only sibling that i have a real relationship with lives far away and has no children .
the 2nd closest sibling is a pretty surface-level relationship but ok and he and his family also live far away .
but my other two brothers live close by and have a bunch of kids .
we used to be close to one brother and my kids knew his kids but he turned into a younger version of my mother when i went nc from my parents and i have n't had contact with him since .
the other brother pretty much ignores me not officially estranged but no relationship .
no big family holidays no network of family relationships .
they all have each other and their kids play together and they have those holiday gatherings .
while i know that the reality is that my family is dysfunctional and those relationships would n't necessarily have been all that great and tons of kids grow up just fine without any cousins at all it 's still just sad sometimes .
i had hoped that my siblings would be less enmeshed and that our kids could grow up together .
this post has been automatically removed because the link is broken or deleted .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
im 49 now and am just7 classes from finishing .
if you had told me at 18 id still be passing up fun for homework on a friday night 30 years later i might have died .
i am pizza-wizard now you are a pizza too .
kneel in front of my crust and suck my tomato sauce
keep it going until well you know how life ends for a scandinavian
will she be subject to traditional saud rules and role-expectations ?
i do n't have detailed knowledge on that culture only my prejudice and happy to be schooled otherwise but it seems to me this might be a bit risky considering her attitude ...
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
ahh okay the install is n't too bad then on the internal ?
that is the main reason most people do n't settle down .
everyone is hustling for their future especially in a society like this .
they are already set for life with their rookie contracts if they have good parents and advisors that instilled the right values and are not consumed by materialism .
it 's actually biologically better for females to give birth to all their kids before they turn 30 .
the body clock can typically adjust about an hour a day .
give yourself a good month providing you use a very consistent wake time every day without sleeping in or napping .
i recommend world war z as a follow up .
do you find that your skin absorbs the gel better ?
i have been on the standard cream for years but have no idea if it works or not .
someone on the original post said that the pig got fired after this
i disagree i think we can still turn it around we 're all americans and if we stop putting ourselves in smaller and smaller boxes maybe more people will realize it .
as someone who likes carnage more go with venom lol
what 's the difference between that hit and the hagel hit in the bof that was brought down to 2 mins after review ?
my main issue with the one i 'm returning to bb is that it does n't extend far enough to be centered and also it only adjusts with allen keys which is a massive fucking inconvenience .
i think the context in which macron uses humiliate '' is in the post-war context .
meaning after the war for countries to continue crushing russia .
i think he 's saying we all need to be cognizant of the affections of the dictator and his potential for violence .
i do n't think he means not to be mean to putin i think he means not to humiliate putin after the war is ceased won lost etc .
if that 's what he means i agree with macron .
if he means not to be mean to putin or say dirty things about him right now no i do n't agree with him but i really do n't think that 's what macron is saying .
they were at least polished musicians that had been in glam groups before they had any idea what 'punk rock was ' .
i thought i had remembered that they did session work but it looks like they had just been in a band called the strand '' that was a roxy music tribute band .
either way the band was not assembled organically nor was their music/style organic .
it was all prefabricated by mclaren who became obsessed with going to nyc and trying to win the favor of the real punks there .
one of steve jones ' guitars that he played most during the pistols days was a guitar that mcclaren bought off one of the guitar players from the new york dolls .
malcolm even bought them suits and other gaudy things that they all thought was creepy and they ended up either shoving in the back of their closets or selling for gear or drugs .
my brain processed your username as hephen pronounced like stephen tebb-est '' and almost had a stroke
i think people get to be gurus for much less .
if one had only ever heard of zen from a book and only ever met other zen people on the internet ... and those zen words did what they where supposedly written down to show how could they know where saying something bad to notice ?
i just joined the club within the past week as well got a 2002 .
only done a few hundred miles so far but loving it .
in simply 's stream today she mentioned that they were anticipating a lot of interest so they made more boxes and they still sold out in 24 hrs..
another thing was interesting was that some of the data they shared they had 4x higher amount of new buyers i imagine from his fan base .
also for individual skus bep bep is the best seller with monstera close behind .
at this point i 'm pretty used to it and i try not to get too upset about it because that stereotype has been perpetuated for so long that it 's going to take generations to fix if it ever gets addressed as a problem at all .
that being said it 's a big reason for why i 'm on a long break from dating .
even the most progressive tolerant and caring women i 've been with react to it the same way .
they just do n't expect anything but for the guy to be this hyper-sexual ever-stoic being who would only turn down sex if he was closeted or sleeping around behind her back .
like i said it makes you feel like you 're not a person sometimes .
by the time a baby born now grows to be 18 we will have massive job shortages due to automation .
no palpatine is the living embodiment of evil and the dark side .
living in florida it 's crazy to see how scared people are of gators .
9/10 times if you make a bigger splash or show some threat to that gator he 's swimming away .
ill mind of hopsin made me realize how meaningless and useless i was .
i heard him called rock-it tocchet when he was a player cuz he was a gritty son of a bitch
sooo until it affects you you did n't care about the unethical behavior of the police ?
but now you are threatened with a jay walking ticket ? !
you 're putting after tax money in the brokerage account .
so you 're already losing your marginal tax bracket worth of money versus a traditional 401k .
you have n't run any numbers so you 're basing this off some weird gut feeling .
run the numbers and then provide evidence of your thought process .
also when taking withdrawals you 're paying your effective tax rate .
that 's going to be lower than your current marginal tax bracket except pretty much all the time .
and unless you are pulling out more than 200k/yr i think it 's also going to be fairly equal to the effective tax you 'd pay from ltcg .
your face looks like the inside of a used band-aide
there is room for everything and everything is in its right place .
the deck looks like a nice place to chill .
yes my brother used to wear a gas mask he had allergies and asthma
bro with black shirt at the back yeeted outta there was like ah hell no !
i expect an earthquake here in california the moment the plane touches down .
i am honestly so sick of instagram 😒 this platform is extremely glitchy they never do anything right .
they have n't in years ever since the chronological feed changed almost a decade ago 6 years ago to be exact so 🙃 ever since it 's been complete shit and gone down hill
perhaps like all zionist arguments it is disproven with ease and the only recourse left is to shut your ears and default to your typical tactics .
and that 's with 1.5 of those minutes crying and apologizing .
i find it interesting yeh it 's strange but interesting how this all works .
you put the oil on it and then wave it around to distribute it in the air .
they do n't have to compensate people in btc they can repay them in dollars .
yes i have the same issue with being all dry my dr said the same thing but i 'm gon na get off birth control completely cause using lube is n't the same like it being natural ya know i 'm just gon na have to keep up with my cycle cause i ca n't deal with nexplanon hopefully i get mine out soon try different vitamins i heard maca powder is good or sea moss just do some research of course i ca n't say anything mine is still dry but still having periods cause nexplanon is the devil i hope you find something that works for you
what you call happy tail is a cat spraying even if it 's neutered it will still do this
yea my roomate rn got his card info stolen snd then while the new one was in the mail that info got stolen too .
idk whats up w my town and money but scammers are everywhere here .
i do n't have large hands and i find the slides on these or a shadow 2 to be a little more challenging to grip and rack .
however they shoot so well i 'm willing to accept it as a trade-off .
idk why but this part of the video annoyed me ik it 's his views and opinion i ai n't finna judge him but it was a bit annoying what he was saying he just dug himself into a deaper hole but hes still my favorite youtuber anyway
thank you i actually specifically avoided bhs for this fight even though it fits in with maria 's kit
but the president can do anything ! ! ! ''
imagine that block is deep down the component tree .
that means that every component between provider and block will re-render when provider 's state updates .
that was actually a feature in the jump super star game series .
gag characters did extra damage against battle characters but took more damage from smart characters because boke/tsukkomi rules
i guess i 'm a little more unwelcoming to our future overlords .
unfortunately i do n't have 6 or even 4 teams that are able to properly handle actually upgraded defense so i do n't stand a chance if my 12mil enemies decide to actually try
v is n't considered a serious contagion in pools because of it .
i do n't think it 's the norm for machado affiliates i think it was just that coach .
i brought up the affiliate because in my head it goes to show that any gym of any affiliate can be culty .
i read an online tv seasons spoilers article stating michael is about evicted from his 1.4 million dollar home his ex-wife 's husband is suing him because his dog bit him while they were living with them during covid lockdown julia announced their divorce in their 2nd anniversary because she was the sole income earner for the whole lot and his age is 62 !
a better game '' is to step outside into your neighborhood in the dead silence at 5am or as quiet as it gets and listen for the endless coughing for an entire block .
i think peak donovan and dempsey would be tough to keep out of the starting lineup even though i 'm not sure where you 'd plug them in .
oh and cherundolo at right back if dest plays left .
still have no access to the game on the marketplace despite having it from every beta .
thing is though ... if someone is going to go down that path which i believe would be wrong ... 50
do you realize how quickly populations would bounce back from 50 ?
it would need to be 95 or even 99 .
so he sucks because his whole thing was lame on top of being wrong .
that said he made a good antagonist i 'm half joking above .
fastest button longest poke b b and i 'm good .
i usually do n't lab i prefer to learn during matches mainly because i tend to forget stuff unless i 'm under pressure .
same type of punch that inoue knocked him out with
honestly they cut in store hr so there would be less time/people for tms to go to and complain and in return more time for them to work
the cost of firewood is primarily the time and tool cost .
prices wo n't go down significantly if at all .
i did hear that the us gets some pretty good offers .
i 'm curious if the same goes for canada .
usually you only see these kinds of offers from carriers who get you in a 2 hear payment plan with credits from trade in .
the marginal improvements over the s21u were n't worth 300 for me without the 125 extra credit but with it it certainly made it an easy decision .
i pulled the trigger and ordered the graphite should be here in 2 or 3 weeks
anyone would be dumb to deny it but it 's not in any near future like you said .
people who think biden does n't have any correlation to the prices and delusional .
still zero chance of being invited to the pac12 .
wow kosher halal and strict vegetarianism pretty eclectic accommodation there .
first seen here https redd.it/qbgb1l on 2021-10-19 92.19 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' v4n6am '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=v4n6am samesub=true filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
scope this sub meme filter false target 92 check title false max age 600 searched images 337,731,997 search time 7.10855s
that 's why i pickpocket my followers and make them wield hard hitting swords/daggers
i do n't see these recommended anywhere since i assume they 're marketed to businesses but i 've had great experience with bodybilt high back ergo chairs .
the company i work for uses their j2507 model for our offices .
i 've been using the same chair for 10 years and it 's still holding together .
i also got super lucky a couple years ago when looking for a chair for personal use .
found a used version of the same model for sale within driving distance .
that one has a manufacture date of 1999 but it 's still in great shape and comfortable for long sessions .
there are some images of the slurry i saw a few years ago on this day and it 's truly some of the worst shit i 've ever seen .
just unrecognizable mush with something resembling a human feature every few feet .
somehow both wish i had saved them and am glad i have n't been able to find them since .
honestly one of the most disgusting displays of inhumanity i 've ever seen and yet so many people i 've met have no idea it happened at all much less these gory details .
and then every year i get a ccp bot trying to sew seeds of doubt by saying how the students were violent first or that americans have done worse .
those gun locks are more compact than the bike cable lock i was previously using .
i cry occasionally now but i was crying every single day for a while .
i love my husband sometimes i hate what i have to endure to love my husband .
for me it 's the stuff that i used every trip or which i had it with me when i did n't over years and years it 's different for everyone .
some rather take a bit of toilet paper some rather take two pills of immodium lol
this is one of the answers i was looking for .
personally not sure about that drill tho the idea of a drill is good and that head is perfect .
if i was you i 'd go with the e nano xl .
you like the og and your only complaint seems to be bowl size .
the xl looks like the first true heavy log .
they refused to say what they were rating on though lol
if the digimons asleep in the app it usually wo n't let you send special mission decks or items .
showing it 's teeth laughing and just pulling it 's head back after getting shot to show that there 's nothing he can do .
and it cutting to there 's not enough room for the two of us shows this .
guns do n't do anything to alternates and if they end up doing something it will only affect one type .
ipc basically the same though 96mb cache adds like 2
use mink oil to soak and soften the leather let dry apply a second coat if needed and/or apply liberally to the toe box and ankle seam .
wear thick hiking socks as well as silicone heel protectors .
wearing panty liners sticking the sticky part to your skin to act as a barrier too .
if you wear them out in public bring a pair of backup shoes .
i personally like to squat to help break in the toe box .
they rent out five properties and they are small time '' ? !
do i have to make an apple tv account to watch hidive on tv ?
i 'd say the rock in a cbm might close enough
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18f if you have any questions or concerns .
nta she got into med school she did not finish it .
mcdavid looked exhausted on that shift turned on the speed but could n't keep it going
chuck is 34 and charlie is 29 whereas lana is 36
high humidity and massive amounts of air exchange are the keys to success with mushroom growing .
growing at scale we provide fae 3-4 times an hour not per day .
do n't look now but it 's a 9 run lead in the 9th ... uh oh .
i 'd say a cat as the first choice .
i like the fox idea as well but cat is what came to my mind first 3 good luck on your project !
like you 're really being a dick what do you think makes you do that ?
moral relativism makes sense objectively but in reality if someone 's a dick like you then fuck them .
you may or may not be fun at parties who cares .
i 'm not moralising as being a dick might be a valid survival strategy .
but subjectively as another human i can say you 're a dick that i 'd never want anything to do with .
me irl reading the comments about about steak as a non steak eater .
could you please upvote some of the posts on my profile too ?
shoe floor price is determined by gst per sol gst/sol
currently gst is going down a lot relative to sol so shoe floor price is falling a lot
well i applied for and got the early morning stock associate position .
can i get clued out on that position if you know ?
it 's brand new and a relatively affordable ev how quickly were you able to get your car and did you pay over msrp ?
the kia ev6 looks pretty cool and it checks off many boxes .
unfortunately it was n't released when i was shopping last fall for a new vehicle .
it looks crosstrek sized so it 's a bit cramped and needs a roof box but not a dealbreaker .
oof and it only has 6.1 inches of ground clearance ?
thats a fake suv more like a hatchback which is a dealbreaker .
also looking at the price in detail rwd is a dealbreaker for driving in the snow and the awd option starts at 51k plus 1.5k for parking sensors and even with the 7.5k federal rebate its 46.2k assuming you can find one without a markup which is much pricier than my forester 33k .
it 's the same problem with a lot of car comparisons .
the base model is oh not a bad price but for so many manufacturers especially looking at you toyota once you add all the features you need it 's ridiculous .
i just rewatched it to see the fire wood and holy moly that 's a lot of wood !
he recommends immediately no bra right after surgery until 1 month pos op .
how do you get do n't argued by luke bruest ?
she has a legit drawer of brumates and shoe shelves filled with hydro jugs in her garage
nah i was listening to aunty diaries so i just wanted to see what comes up after searching it up💀
welcome to amazonfc please be sure to read our submission guidelines and remain respectful of your fellow users .
if this post is n't up to par with our submission guidelines please make use of the report feature .
once it crosses a certain threshold the post will automatically be removed for moderator review .
we have a discord https discord.gg/amazonfc for those wanting to socialize on a different level with the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amazonfc if you have any questions or concerns .
can we just take a moment to appreciate the number of dashcams this guy has ?
here 's a sneak peek of r/hoggit using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/hoggit/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
3 this is what you will be spawning your high fidelity ah-64 on https i.redd.it/b49kicqeyin81.png 190 comments https np.reddit.com/r/hoggit/comments/telwjt/this_is_what_you_will_be_spawning_your_high
russia is either the second or third largest oil producer in the world .
you know that 's where gas comes from right ?
i go back and forth between lesbian and same sex because i 'm not sure what the most accurate term is for them .
obviously brittany is n't a lesbian but i 'm not sure
while we here trying our best to migrate somewhere else ... ... u are trying to come here from canada ?
4'10 is fine under that is when it gets weird
if it tried to divide everything equally the time to join a match would take longer .
that 's why in 3 tier spread games it sometimes happens that one team has a jagdpizdec and the other only has a doomturtle .
because well its a tank destroyer so 1 td vs another td .
take a breather mate i know it sucks when you feel youve been cheated but ranting about it here will only get you mocked
word i 'll keep you in mind that as of right now i 'm trying to only do straight trade
one of them eventually got frustrated and threw a grenade at them
i ca n't stand touch to the tip after i nut .
unless you mean the battle sprite/cut in which is flipped depending on which way he 's facing .
but according to official art and promotional material his sword is on his right hip or held by his right hand and drawn with his left
while it is n't confirmed canon by studio bside anywhere there 's no way a swordsman would have it sheathed on their right hip transfer it to their left hand and then draw with their right especially for iaido techniques like shi yoon displays .
angry irritable a real asshole to be around anxious paranoid and addicted to sugar and caffeine ... sobriety sucks but alcoholism is still worse for me .
good news is after a year in starting to mellow out .
i just got similar pla so i 'm curious how it 's going to print
i 'm in my mid thirties and i 'm fairly certain it was nickelodeon and not nick jr. as i was too old to be watching nick jr. at the time i remember it from .
just because it says legendary does n't mean its good .
the jerkinator back in time to finish the job !
he modified the rock 's suit for zero point travel and helped in preparing the war effort but not so much actually in the war
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/owym if you have any questions or concerns .
my lab used to drool over squirrels and rabbits in addition to food .
di magagamit ng mcgi yung tactic nila na di naman nakasulat sa bible yan '' card nila .
if you turn the volume up and listen to the tv voices in the background they 're definitely speaking backwards in the reversed gif .
so i lean towards op 's being the original footage .
people decide to be as homophobic as they want during pride monthr
if you 'd like to receive a weekly recap of metalcore with the top posts and their alternative links send me a message with the subject 'metalcore ' https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=musicmirrorman subject=metalcore message=for 20a 20daily 20recap 2c 20make 20the 20subject 20 27metalcore 20daily 27 or send me a chat with the text metalcore
apple music it dies today the radiance https music.apple.com/us/album/the-radiance/715407958 confidence 100 ''
deezer it dies today the radiance https www.deezer.com/track/54023021 confidence 100 ''
spotify it dies today the radiance https open.spotify.com/track/2z04yzgq3fnm8vehpjrjkf confidence 100 ''
youtube music it dies today the radiance https music.youtube.com/watch ? v=gjayv7hh79o list=rdamvmgjayv7hh79o confidence 100 ''
links to search result pages amazon https music.amazon.com/search/it+dies+today+the+radiance apple music https music.apple.com/us/search ? term=it+dies+today+the+radiance bandcamp https bandcamp.com/search ? q=it+dies+today+the+radiance deezer https deezer.com/search/it 20dies 20today 20the 20radiance/track soundcloud https soundcloud.com/search/sounds ? q=it+dies+today+the+radiance spotify https open.spotify.com/search/it 20dies 20today 20the 20radiance tidal https listen.tidal.com/search ? q=it+dies+today+the+radiance youtube music https music.youtube.com/search ? q=it+dies+today+the+radiance
let me know the names of any other subreddits in which you want me to look for mirrors .
if you stay around the area where you first aggro 'd wandering bosses they wo n't ever reset .
i 'm my first year in the air force even before i was graduated and could be a pilot i was with two more friends doing a check job in some helicopters no big deal just a normal thing so came one of the guys that was a rookie too and says that someone should change with him to do the security in the back gate .
the thing about the back gate is that nobody ever liked it was really close from a high criminal point and when was night the place was scarry i accepted because i was really tired and in security i could rest a lil so here starts the shit here in brazil about 7 pm the sky is already dark i was seated in the guardhouse with my rifle on my side i started hear a car engine and saw a light coming in the gate direction was a big suv with dark glasses he stops in front of the gate and opens the window when i approach to identify i only see the barrel of a pistol m9 in my face at the time my body shivered from bottom to top and my heart raced .
the car was full of narcos from the region that intended to steal the arsenal of the barracks it 's very common even more in rio de janeiro he said he would n't hurt anyone i just opened the gate i looked at him and i simply took the most stupid of my life i lied that the barracks was full on the day because it was a para-sar paratroopers graduation and that 's why the entry of civilians would be suspicious that this would be a risk to all of them since they would probably only leave dead they they started talking to each other and i remember one saying to erase me the driver then said he was n't going to stay for that and they left .
as soon as they left i ran to the commander and told him everything i was transferred from my unit the following week by security lol .
that 's good unfortunately that 's not true of everybody in your situation so i could n't assume .
usually though a person 's attitude becomes obvious in some way or other even if not explicitly .
winning the public back over one wank at a time
i felt the same about the scene where the 're talking about the end of the world and dean is like so we 're talking like 5 gas type of apocalypse ?
i mean i want him back but not at the cost of rallying through an injury only to make it worse
i used to work 2 full time jobs while my ex did n't work at all took my money to go ‘visit god estranged dad ' that 's code for cursing on me and spending my money on her .
a real woman would never had sat by while you took on a second or third job .
aktuell scheint nichts in planung zu sein alles andere wäre glaskugel .
hatte oben auch eine falsche info drin das gebäude ist von 1997 und nicht aus den 80s .
i 've re-watched like 3 or 4 times and will probably pick it up again soon enough .
it is so ridiculous and over the top but also can be really sweet and make you gush .
u/laacrimosa you need a 7-day-old account with at least 30 comment karma to post on r/foreveralonewomen .
contribute to other subreddits and make sure your account meets these requirements before posting again on here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/foreveralonewomen if you have any questions or concerns .
must be the motherboard then but i dont know why that would keep beeping after successfully posting .
that 's quite the username and flair you got going there lol ... .
me personally i would rather have a gun on me if a mass shooter decided to shoot up the movie that i 'm watching with my family .
if you want to ban all guns and somebody happens to get a gun somehow which is very easy these days due to 3d printers and such the death count would be much higher if a good samaritan did n't have a gun .
take this recent shooting for example you cant trust the police to stop these type of things they literally stayed back while a father with his barbers shotgun went in and smoked the shooter .
does n't everyone have a full set of this stuff now ?
get it from the war table in the helm still available !
there 's no point owning the music or a digital art book on your ps5 .
nobody wakes up and are like let 's turn on my ps5 and look at this game art book for 2nd time .
if you got the disc drive id purchase the physical deluxe version .
if not purchase the normal version you 're not missing much and that much is not worth the price change
love it but still have troubles to understand what exactly is said .
understand everything i can read but audio is hard .
sooo someone in here kind enough for a transcript ?
on some of the games i 've played its possible as they should have the log to it afaik .
well let 's just hope for the best good luck .
before i met my wife i had very low self worth was on a path of alcoholism and i always used to say i 'd be dead before i was 50 now i have 2 kids have n't drank to excess in 3 years and am days away from purchasing our forever home at 31 she 's basically saved my life .
it literally was a good idea man proved it with numbers
man the med 2 wh mod had bettter artillery and guns than the actual game .
we do n't really want to we gon na miss our show .
not when i was in university up to 2 years ago .
digital exams were done on uni pc 's but most were on paper and just 1 was open book in all those years
i wonder what the closer was originally gon na be !
starbucks voted as one of the best companies to work for in the us
that 's like being made king of shit mountain .
the most toxic thing to do is to open the comment section well that 's just how it is
again not sure what you wanted the organization to do as a lakers fan i did n't want westbrook on the roster then nor do i now i sympathize with his situation but hes not going to help us win a title the lakers organization did n't do anything its the narrative created by the media
first seen here https redd.it/semc2t on 2022-01-28 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' v4t3mi '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=v4t3mi samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
it 's entirely possible but depends on how the update process is designed .
you do n't want to leave your system in a partially updated state because you might end up with a dead car .
there are ways to avoid such a non-working state .
i would say before you ask any questions try to find put the answers yourself by checking dev environment code colleagues a simple mail .
after all this if you ca n't then ask the question stating thst you already looked in every place you can think of .
knowing your company you should be now aware how things work .
so devise a system to find unknown things and shoot emails to people first to know about the unknowns .
or you can ask team lead where can you get this information colleague or documentation .
if he starts walking over ypu try to stand your ground and act the same.way as he does .
if you ca n't find their wiki then find a server that does if you have n't already gotten down the basics for ss13 .
you mean his titles durability update actually a buff ? ?
this is the worst paraphrasing in a meme i 've ever seen
k. so how is it not a comparison of three instruments used for sending wealth ?
battles in most battle anime are fairly predictable on who would win of course some battles are unpredictable .
the exciting part is usually how they would win .
even if masters 8 based its results on popularity which i do n't think it would the battles would still be exciting to see the way different champions approach pokemon battles .
regarding your other point i agree that journeys is wasted potential .
journeys good moments in battles most of the time they feel forced or half-assed .
we do have some battles like vs volkner this season strategically one of the best in anime .
my brother was 5 when this happened and he still uses million '' sometimes .
i 've owned several premium headsets from g533 g535 to the artemis .
because that 's what you should expect from a premium headset right ?
rma 'd once as is my right as a logitech customer .
could n't get an rma for the second one though .
the g703 because i 'm a hopeless fool and it 's on sale and i have a coupon .
feels 10x better than the g903 but missing that sweet scroll wheel .
it 'll be a while before the switches to right ?
i have to say that i love the look and feel of these products when they are working .
but man oh man logitech has slipped a lot on quality without lowering their prices .
good luck to all of you g-heads out there !
buy their warranty complain like mad when you ca n't get your second rma and for goodness sake by the max warranty !
i have to say that i love the look and feel of these products when they are working .
but man oh man logitech has slipped a lot on quality without lowering their prices .
good luck to all of you g-heads out there !
buy their warranty com plain like mad when you ca n't get your second rma and for goodness sake by the max warranty !
i sense a certain succubus and vampire is absolutely livid
maybe you 're particularly ugly and they want to share your mug .
yea and imagine how much money youtube and tiktok would lose .
i probably would have got there eventually but i really appreciate the nudge in the right direction .
currently deciding whether i want to keep pursuing the raid ring or do another wvw ring .
i have the gold to cover both but not the timegated currency .
past that i 'm getting resources for aurene 's fang and deciding on medium armor .
yeah one of the few meme subs that likely wo n't ever fall to casual homophobia and is a bastion of based .
one that those 14-yo edgelords would be instantly scared off by and would n't dare molest .
if it did which i do not for a moment believe then i think i 'd quit reddit as a whole
partway through high school i moved back in with my mother who had remarried and moved while i was away .
the bedroom she put me in had floor to ceiling mirrored closet doors that took up nearly an entire wall of the room .
they reflected the entire room and yeah i refused to look at them in the dark .
had to get a night light to make it less awful because i could n't afford proper curtains that big and mom would n't let me just tack a sheet over them .
so not an ideal situation but if you are miserable in a job quitting is the thing to do at some point .
it 's professional to give a two weeks notice .
it shows that you respect your employer and it 's always a good idea to leave a job on a good note if you can .
while you could lie and say you did n't realize you had a shift they 'd see right through it since you want to quit anyway .
never go back and continue the no call no show approach which i do n't recommend since you 're already feeling guilty about it and it 's just not a nice thing to do to your employer and coworkers .
go in own up to taking very bad advice but saying you see that it 's wrong to do and say you would like to give a proper two weeks notice .
call and give an immediate notice which while not ideal would give you the quickest relief could burn you a bridge but be better than just never showing up again .
it sounds like you 're in high school and your first jobs can be hard .
especially if you end up working somewhere you hate and hurts your body .
you 're only a kid for so long so enjoy your time your friends and soak it in if that 's where you are in life .
getting some customer service experience would be the thing that might help you the most in the long run though if you want to work so consider retail of some kind or restaurants .
but there should be a balance with any job being able to make work friends that you can pass the time with makes a big difference .
and in any job you take you should try to learn some kind of skill to help you in the future like answering phones using computer software great customer service etc .
you definitely are n't the first person who has done it .
it 's just not a good thing to make into a habit .
everyone draws him as cool and charming you drew him as an incel ! !
so if you are wondering if for every infinitely large number there is a number between 0 and 1 that will dump it you are correct .
and to put it in a mathematical way for every 10 m m very large number there is a 10 m
i started individual counseling for myself to understand why i put up with his behavior .
im never going to let someone treat me like he did again .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=full-internal5083 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
the sole reason he might be moved near hellpit is because of that one time he invaded it murdered a bunch of rat ogres got bored and went back to karak ungor .
the stones are pretty appropriate to progression if you 're not overlevelled
they wanted to improve their mental health not destroy it further
i 'm sorry you were upset but i 'm truly asking what to expect .
not unattractive at all but your style is all over the place .
you said she got the role because her husband is one of the frontrunners that is blatantly bullshit .
she 's had a successful career maybe she could get some credit for that .
or are you going to attribute her success to other men in her life ?
for fuck 's sake how much more do women have to do to be seen as competent in their careers ?
please remember to set your invites to never expire and add any flairs if you have n't already done so .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/discordadvertising if you have any questions or concerns .
soooo my second no death run on this boss was totally unexpected i was barely hoping to bring him down ...
i started with what for me was a strange if not suboptimal group rogue highwayman tempest leper warlock occultist and vanilla pd .
basically hwm was just standing there stacking dmg tokens and removing armor tokens with upgraded double cross while leper who had upgraded ruin activated on first turn plowed into him alongside the occultist with his burning stars .
once he reached death 's door he went down to the first wicked slice from hwm .
you used the item 'invisible helmet ' and did 13 extra chaos damage .
true addict ... ..my sin of minecraft is playing pixelmon and trying to get to baltop each map ... ... of course i 'm a legendary business man who achieves the feat without p2w but eh ... ... nothing to be proud of
😢 that would be so cool cuz i thought maybe it 's some automated thing that detects a new webtoon that has high uploads or something .
i know but i ca n't tell if it 's blue or green .
the strap-link interface is not as rolex intended it if i had to guess .
i pulled mine out of the washing machine a few hours ago and it worked a bit but not well .
then when i tested the charger on it it started blinking the blue light and kept going even when i pulled the charger out .
it 's out on the back porch now still blinking away .
now that 's just ignoring the asexuals and those with libido issues .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it 's so they can ban people of color .
then they can shoot anyone that does n't look like them because they must be illegals !
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
download the video https viddit.red ? url=https www.reddit.com/r/camilacabellolewd/comments/v58eya/more_from_camila_today_at_wango_tango click on download hd video
to prevent downloader bots spam all comments summoning it will be automatically removed .
please use the link provided above to download the video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/camilacabellolewd if you have any questions or concerns .
it is respected and you need a degree+pedagogical studies but not nearly as well paid as a doctor or most engineering positions .
i do n't bother people with my lifestyle usually man .
i 'd never admit this to anyone i know in real life .
but like at the same time you 're actually putting effort into your life .
so tell me why the fuck are you wasting your energy on something that will amount to nothing but a rotting flesh sack ?
lording your achievements over me does nothing but stroke your ego .
you can talk about and try to solve more than one problem at a time .
yes mental health is important you should have a modern day healthcare system as soon as possible .
thant wo n't solve your problem with school shootings though .
keep an eye on the a24 fyc site as awards season heats up .
it 's not there yet but a good chance it will if they want to campaign for it in screenplay categories .
as per the rules in the side bar yes or no questions such as does anyone else '' or has anyone else '' or variants thereof are not allowed in post titles .
please repost with a more specific question such as how do you manage this symptom ? ''
instead of does anyone else have this symptom . ''
please see the rule explanation here http www.reddit.com/r/adhd/wiki/rules wiki_ask_a_question_that_can_be_answered_with_simply_yes_or_no .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adhd if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebhub if you have any questions or concerns .
we know her parents do n't give a shit about her but i hope she has a favorite nanny who shows her love and affection !
honestly it 'd be best not to if you 'd like to keep the watch working chronographs especially mechaquartzes are really complicated and without proper tooling and experience could cause some even more significant damage to your watch .
if you 're going to get into watchmaking i 'd suggest starting with something mechanical fixing nh36 's and 7s26 's was how i got into it if you 're really planning on getting into watchmaking i 'd hold out on the repairs until you feel confident in your abilities
what is the difference between display quality normal and high ?
the manual offers no help other than battery will be consumed faster with it on high .
all i can think of would be frame rate but ca n't find anything to confirm and experimenting shows nothing visibly different at least to me..
there was this pervert teacher in bully that would ask you to steal panties for him .
to learn more about the whole game without playing it you can use an hour of your life here https youtu.be/keqyuo-umn8
a tiger is a wild animal a pit bull is a domestic animal .
certificates of authenticity have never been the art itself .
what database do you think would be the best way for people to store their digital collectibles ?
please view our voting guide here https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_what.2019s_with_these_acronyms.3f_what_do_they_mean.3f and remember to use only one judgement in your comment .
op has offered the following explanation for why they think they might be the asshole
i may be the asshole for bringing a bit of sexual tension into the situation .
click here for our rules https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/about/rules and click here for our faq https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
contest mode is 1.5 hours long on this post .
occultist level 93 tree https www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/aaaabgmbzxzcencbor0usp8wb-w4dc1z848ablmxrr8ywpg86mpdelqecctqounxlmdxbacxl8bmgksfymauvcavp9p7v7iqxpafpc0kwo_raqyswct2c2fi9eyzuf2a4gjykqdnuuj6hvgjb2hyosaj2hqqfinyquwdvi5mno6-gnfmvipbadh98wvbyt3fsk9sg18mxxetqh0y0cwk_lsprlxw-tkqf6iaufug5nzwcbjk51ns0b-siayqqyosnevhfqftpc0w7irjahzo8ijr7szufgsebiiegacpakuapwcgakoaggcmackaeaqqbboajgaqacuaiaasbbiajwqyb4zpuf3fw4b4-3198zyjqn-6gqsqokjykoogzo4 open in browser https pob.party/share/uaanatoanagusi by u/ransomlewis https reddit.com//u/ransomlewis
path of building https github.com/openarl/pathofbuilding feedback https www.reddit.com/r/pobpreviewbot this reply updates automatically .
i would n't wait till you 're together because then she 's gon na be stuck there and it 'll be really awkward .
waiting till the end is also gon na be awkward because you 'll be faking a relationship that you say you do n't want to continue .
belgium to canada is n't a cheap flight close to 1000 according to a quick google search .
do n't make her waste that money if you 're not interested .
if she cancels her flight now assuming she 's already purchased it she can probably get her money back .
i got that one but had the same issues .
i did n't get a solid decline though just had to prove income and account balances then it went through with a whopping 1k limit lol .
i do use it here and there even after the sub at restaurants entertainment that does n't take amex .
i live in glenpool and was in tulsa hills getting dinner and when i was going to my car i heard what i think ?
he 's not obviously outside of that list he 's arguably better than half of it .
and he said she was springing the girls on fmil ? !
she had enough time to tell op not to bring the girls .
that 's enough time for her to know they 're coming .
that 's not surprising her at the airport with them in tow .
i actually think i damn near died of a broken heart after my dog died .
i have ibs c that 's been getting progressively worse .
i fear one day all laxatives will stop working and i wo n't be able to work/live a normal life .
well depending on the quality of the print it can get very pricy .
especially if you choose to do limited signed and numbered prints .
the tenaculum is said tool for iud insertion and comes from the civil war for bullet removal .
at least according to a senior design group i tad for in bme they tried to redesign the clamp to reduce pain of the procedure .
it is criminal they dont prescribe anything good for the level of hurt .
it 's not your fault if you do n't remember it right ?
feels like a cheap part of the game lots of sweaty people on this game lol
i may be wrong but i feel like a big horsefly in the ointment here is the relative ease of moving money around in 2022 vs in the middle of world war 2
i just make an audio file in windows movie maker .
debian is not about the latest software it 's about stability .
do you want to fly somewhere or go overland from singapore ?
theoretically if you made the ramp longer and steeper you could glide as long as the ramp goes .
all along the watchtower by hendrix was the song that did it for me while high .
i listen to so much variety now from classic rock hip-hop metal and house .
yeah people have already been to the moon over fifty years ago .
one man even took a dump on it buzz aldrin .
even if that were to happen which is highly unlikely ... it 's all been done .
it sounds like he is upset that another man catcalled his woman .
not that women have to put up with that shit and that no woman should ever be catcalled .
in fact he literally said that if you were dressed conservatively and were walking directly next to him that it would n't have happened .
i also have this exact hair type and have hated all drugstore dry shampoos i 've tried .
although the babtiste brunette they mentioned is definitely a decent one that i buy on occasion .
i 've actually fallen in love with the igk first class charcoal detox dry shampoo .
not only does it work wonders it gives me wonderful volume without the weighed down sticky bs .
i lift my hair and spray the roots but not my scalp let it sit for a minute or two then rub it in .
i just stocked up on it 2 weeks ago during the sale it was half off .
nobody with any sense wastes time on the pit anymore .
i 've been on waitlist for dd since january .
i just get emails saying are you still waiting ? '' .
it can smell like a room freshener spray sometimes .
not surprised at all by the picks this time .
between the ascended and the oc we 've already hit the booba quota so guy makes a good fifth .
seems like we 're officially done with doubling up on feth banners which is interesting .
between three hopes and that garland cup thing now would be such a natural time for the biyearly banner but nothing .
curious if that means there 'll be a new game to double up releasing in fall or if they 're just listening to the people complaining about feth finally .
it 'll likely be a gen 2 fates banner where the leaders are dwyer mitama kiragi and caeldori .
would make for a good hoshido banner to balance out the last nohr one but half of these characters are n't particularly popular so it 's hard to say if they 'll bite especially since the last gen 2 fates banner copped out with lilith and rinkah .
i 'll predict anankos as the ghb but i have a feeling he 's getting saved for a mythic .
could make a cool like heirs of fates themed banner .
i do n't remember the other villains from that though so i do n't know what my second pick in case it is n't him though .
another example of how americanized our politics has sadly become .
needs frank 's red hot tapatio or some chipotle cholula !
yeah the guys he killed were definitely borderline treasonous but edward definitely has lost his compass in s5 .
i 've already spent a lot of time bashing him so ... carry on and enjoy the rest of s5 .
if there are any issues or rule breaking please message the moderators or the modmail https new.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nudes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
lol in some states they dont even have to give you any breaks paid or unpaid
i decided it 's best to go late autumn and winter to avoid the monsoons but also the heatwaves of the summer as well .
i never thought of doing a mix of renting and trains that would be especially good for the remote areas such as the north east guwahati darjeeling where i want to start .
i was very sceptical of couch surfing but i 've seen some videos where people do that a lot which surprised me i did n't expect it to be such a big thing for india so it 's definitely something i 'm going to do to experience it .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
my good sir you have 3 brain cells and they are all fighting for fourth place .
talking to you is like playing cards with my brothers kids
i 'm plat and got all 4 mid-gold team mates last game for no reason .
i like it sounds like a church bell at the end .
ow can we not get out the bonesaw just this once ?
im a dude and usually chill until someone ask me where i live or work .
first of i think everyone who reads this will agree you 're a completely wicked person .
i feel bad for the dude even crossing paths with you
secondly yes if you have any decency you would tell him the truth .
you 've just wasted the last year and a half of my man 's life
the internet made sony rerelease morbius in theaters through memes and then nobody went .
definitely ... back around 20 years ago i got caught in a consultant driven corporatisation push at our business .
their bragging point was that c-suite execs at their other clients had their calendars planned out 18 months ahead .
i ended up spending 20 hours a week in planned meetings around 50 routine meetings in a monthly cycle .
as you might imagine it was n't useful time .
i was a manufacturing manager i had a factory to run .
it likely wo n't make a difference in the big picture but unless they say or do something remorseful and mending this fuck up that 's me done .
plenty of other pokemon related stuff to spend my time on .
i saw something the other day saying kim was helping the kids buy presents for his birthday and he wanted to spend his birthday with them .
brodie threw his life away and took another 's for a bitch that 's gon na be fucking somebody else in less than 30 business days .
i know was making sure that everyone else is aware of that
your maw is the biggest helmet for giving birth to a reprobate like you
von dem moment an in dem küche verbaut wurde war sie nur noch die hälfte wert .
gegebenheiten angepasst und daher nicht ohne weiteres woanders aufzustellen außer man vielleicht man geht von der standard plattenbauwohnungsküche aus .
deswegen kriegt man gebrauchte küchen auch fast nie los .
gibt da dutzende angebote auf ebay kleinanzeigen die keiner kauft ...
it 's not only family members but also parents of my students .
they keep telling me or my colleagues how to do our job .
no the british army is stronger they did a training exercise not so long ago where the american forces outnumbered the british like 10 to 1 and the british beat them within like a couple days
leaving aside the few paid shills most the p2w is hidden '' into endgame.. most people are barely lv 30 so it 's obvious they did n't encounter anything beside the popups for the store .
even with havana syndrome it 's not a reliably weapon system whether a person is responsive to it seems random and sporadic which is why america hasnt deployed it .
russia and china would be content to just have discord and random destruction america actually prefers targeted strikes that reduce secondary casualties .
if we did n't afghanistan and iraq would be considered genocides .
i might not have such patience but i have determination and a huge want to spoil my listeners.🖤
we do n't know how strong zhongli is compare to raiden their strengths comparison never specified
you are at least trying and if you speak those languages reasononably well for me you 're a good belgian yes !
menday is the first and best day of the week .
i have the exact issue for almost a year now and have n't been able to figure it out .
same bubble feeling on my lower left abdominal area .
rather no one cares the way i 'd ideally like them to
why do you think he should give her anything even if you did n't tell her that ?
she lied to him about the child being his and made him move with her !
he thought that he would be a father only to find out that she 's using him .
it 's not the child 's fault but maybe just maybe she should ask the actual father .
i think that they have some nerve asking your brother to help out considering the circumstances .
yta for thinking your brother should contribute to the life of someone who betrayed him on that level and who is so wholly unrelated to him in every way imaginable .
hmm i think ill just do that now becaus of how much time ill save
he does qi quite a bit but then i think that 's just because it 's gives him a chance to show off how clever he can be
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shemalesparadise if you have any questions or concerns .
i was a teenager when ronaldinho arrived on the scene and i 'd have retired by now .
ronaldo came a few years before him zidane and baggio before that and so on and so on .
just shows that it does n't matter how good you are/were if the coaches do n't recognise it then you have no hope unless you move abroad .
ignoring this warning will result in a permanent ban on a first offense .
make sure you have read and followed the rules posted here https www.reddit.com/r/designjobs/comments/c6iy7w/updated_rules_guidelines_read_before_posting
this is an automated message you are fine if you did follow the rules when posting
positive and negative feedback about u/kris_kli is only allowed in r/testimonials .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/designjobs if you have any questions or concerns .
i did n't mark this as a spoiler because i did n't think this really gave anything away anything of relevance to the plot .
if i 'm wrong please tell me and i 'll definitely amend it
no i was thinking of all porn sites but the person i replied to made of sound like it does n't have these problems .
though the point here is to promote healthy sex culture
the original cable does not transfer it is used for the power supply ?
she got completely destroyed by valentina and had zero success in moving her .
im not just talking about taking her down but she was getting pushed around all over the cage .
pena had to work for her td too but she eventually got there unlike andrade and was able to pin valentina against the fence nullifying her offense for the better of 2 rounds .
the fight was certainly more competive than andrade vs valentina which was just a wash all the way around .
the strengths that andrade has ... durability cardio pace ... .are all shared by pena except pena is bigger and longer
thank you for the subs as always i saw your comment that the next one is the last episode i 'm really sad about that ...
but are their opponents kids from the first episode ?
this episode was a great fun i really liked the superstar guests and involvement of the coaches this time around .
i 'm going to miss this show a lot and i think on the e14 post you should give your opinions first who is the best player most improved best defensive unsung hero etc .
you can start discussion so all the fans can give their opinions on the matter .
let 's see the improvement in the last episode ca n't wait .
i bought seasons of cicago fire and chicago pd .
after listening to lee hagipantelis discuss the situation a couple of weeks ago it did not sound like madge was safe .
i 'm not defending the media but i think wests really need to either sack him asap or let the players and fans know that he is in fact safe just to put an end to all the talk .
i have a monteverde schrödinger 's ink bottle that i got for free with a pen and never use for fear i might find mold in it
the death stare the momma gives at the beginning tho .
she ai n't gon na let anyone get near that cub .
i 'm a die hard star wars fan have been a fan since i was a kid but in all honesty most of what disney is spewing is crap
really interested to see how you guys are using these style essences to help you understand your style and plan outfits .
i think i stand somewhere between cool girl and spicy girl next door but not really sure where i go from there .
also as a ‘down ' not ‘up ' essence how are you all ld folks dealing with days when you need to dress extra weddings and fancy occasions .
i always dread these days as the effort is really not me but also i do n't want to be the worst dressed person there 🙈
i have n't heard for some times now but well not much foreigner lately ...
also this is very good reading for anyone who enjoys the smell of a wood fire https www.samharris.org/blog/the-fireplace-delusion
you should copy the best performing ad id and use it in your old ad set
no the audience is not likely to compete recommended instead go for 2 to 3 ad sets with 2 ads in each
in an effort to promote a higher standard of titles and limit roleplaying within titles your post has been removed for use of personal identifiers .
to see what we look for in a title 's submission please read here https www.reddit.com/r/hentai/comments/gc5cik/post_titles .
if you 're an artist and are trying to promote your work in your title include your handle inside either or brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hentai if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's sad but then not knowing what he 's talking about never stopped him .
i think he knows better but has convinced himself that life would be meaningless if he thought any other way .
he 's imo too old to make any serious change .
only been 3 episodes so far but someone already lost a hand and it was framed almost identically to the arm cut off in a new hope .
it 's a pretty classic star wars trope at this point .
sexy jasmine i ❤️ your beautiful bathing i wish you would wear it in my swimming pool 😘
both oral fixation albums and laundry service were such good ways to sell out '' and make bops without sacrificing the heart she had in making music idk why she just gave up after that .
i 'm sure you 're all wondering why i 've gathered you here today
and 90 of ronaldo 's goals are tapins into empty nets
your top 6 u/m courses must also have a minimum average of 78 .
prerequisites would be just english and anything to graduate your curriculum is dependent of your diploma requirements i think .
often you must have at least 6 grade 12 courses because of how electives and spares work out .
take more personal interest the only person that has it down is my mother and sibling .
sit on my face dribble your juice into my mouth
i agree with you i love his new style .
the cousin says that her baby daddy is related to their dad as in both of their dad .
shortly after during a routine scan they diagnosed a rare lung cancer also stage 3c .
it has been 10 years multiple surgeries chemo immunotherapy scalp flap lobectomy etc .
i am happy to say that with the grace of god i am cancer free .
i take it it 's mostly celebrated on bone island .
not only does it follow the same colour scheme as bone island it also celebrates life*-formula .
bones are key to the creation of a body right ?
thats as much as you can fit in your mouth boring
is there a method that would be more bioavailable than gummies but do n't have any odor like smoking or vaping ?
i did n't realize they made a special version for australia .
this post has has not met our word count minimum note the exact word count is intentionally left vague to avoid spammers abusing this information .
your post should be at least a few paragraphs long to qualify for a stand-alone post .
if you are asking a short question please copy and paste your submission to today 's daily q a thread https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3a 22daily+q 26a 22+author 3aautomoderator restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all or resubmit a thorough and detailed question including your stats sex height weight age .
if you are posting an achievement sv/nsv please copy and paste your submission to today 's sv/nsv feats of the day thread https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3a 22sv 2fnsv 22+author 3aautomoderator restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all .
if you are posting in regards to your day 1 please copy and paste your submission to this week 's day 1 thread https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3a 22day+1+monday 22+author 3aautomoderator restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
this makes me feel bad because i can be hard of hearing at times and do n't always notice my volume .
hope i have n't been intimidating women on accident .
accuse the entire ohio state football team and this shit ends real fast .
yea brandon gave it 1 on the first reddit video on his page .
go to chromie and choose an expansion you like and level until youre 50 .
you will get a quest to get into the latest expansion .
must be some kind of crazy person to make you wait for anything !
the dodgers just killed another 5 to 3k parlay of mine .
twice now the mets did n't want to score until the end of the game and then end up winning again .
that was a bad miss but i like the aggression .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're asking a question that violates r/askreddit 's rule 3 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 and/or rule 5 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_5 .
how would you feel posts in which the op posts an idea and asks for thoughts do not result in much discussion and/or are leading the respondents to agree or disagree with a concept or opinion that is presented in the title .
if your post is a discussion question and not asking for feedback on an idea please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=how 20would 20you 20feel 20post 20review 20request message=my 20post 20was 20removed 20for 20being 20a 20how 20would 20you 20feel 20thread 20please 20review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/v5qfna/people_who_are_in_relationships_how_would_you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you know exactly what to say to drive us foot guys crazy🥵🥵🥵
fuck that teacher who told jb he would end up in jail
he gave me first turn and i could n't shoot anything so it went badly .
i was able to screen his drops but he made some amazing long charges turn 3 and got into my castle .
we drew on points but i had more battle tactics .
he is actually a member here so maybe he will comment .
our lists were very similar and we ended up tying in round 5 .
good game as we were both too burned out to be very competitive .
of course cody would still choose to fight without him there 'd be no hiac match on the hiac card .
this is n't a zombie apocalypse and there are no main characters .
why is it playing a western soviet song sounds like
why are games tipping off at 9 local time ?
it 's pretty hard to hide when you 're emitting alcohol fumes .
lying comes with the territory but agreed it makes you feel awful and guilty .
i 'm so appalled at all the comments here where people are just assuming you can only be gay or straight and no inbetween .
just so upsetting to constantly see queer people misunderstood like this on such a fucking large scale .
when/if it becomes leaked its fucked its going to be done within a month or two maybe even a week this is so powerful it could bring roblox to a complete stop maybe even shut it down completely
used to lock your glove box and other areas of the vehicle .
you then give the valet the key fob to park you vehicle without having to worry about them steeling stuff out of the glove box .
it has a secondary function of being a backup to open the driver door for stupid people who let their key fob battery die after many warnings on the dash to replace the battery .
first seen here https redd.it/v5f0wk on 2022-06-05 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' v5f6sy '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=v5f6sy samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
you only know if the tip is less than 4 .
basically they claim to have alters without trauma and take all the fun '' real did symptoms to exaggerate them for more attention .
do n't get me wrong i was n't trying to detract from your post .
i guess when i see things like this from back in the day and it ends up as a vintage post well i hope you understand .
clipped a lady 's ankle at a costco because she kept stopping in the middle if the isle every 20 feet .
oh i 'm so sorry did n't see ya there . ''
if u can not tell this is obviously a skit u might be the actual idiot
i hope this shuts up some people here who think that initial covid case counts can not be compared to monkeypox because we have better testing for the latter .
it 's statistically very likely that us itself has at least 900 cases right now .
i did a quick search to see what it was .
have to look into it more and see if i would be allowed to practice on it in an empty lot .
i moved to a new state last year so i do n't know the laws with bikes and licensing .
sometimes when i remember to i like to do what mdfishtanks does and put it in the water instead of top just incase any of the fish have health issues with ingesting air like peapuffers .
a lot if my fish are used to eating from the top though so a lot of the food goes to the bottom .
either the cory or a snail is the normal '' fish find it .
she 's in a very dark place and his offer to do all that weird stuff to the banshe exec is going sound different to her now .
before it was disturbing but now i can imagine her thinking back on it and wanting barry to do that to natalie .
do you think you can know someone well enough in three weeks to make a call like that ?
in 1 hundred years their great-grandchildren will be watching them .
similar to how we watch videos from the 1920s .
salt only as much as you would put on your steak .
have n't competed in muay thai but competed in mma .
i trained very technical but being a teenager i just went ham .
i was writing from anecdotal experience and asking if others had similar experience in their schools .
please read my previous comments for context for second question .
yes and no but i think i 'm leaning more towards no .
if you 're someone who uses gloss daily and does n't mind reapplying multiple times throughout the day i 'd say you 'd get your moneys worth out of this one .
i really liked the opacity and the color selection but i do n't find these to be extremely long wearing and the formula can get kind of goopy if you are n't careful and apply too much .
i 'd say there are more comfortable glosses out there with a better shelf life as well .
i bought one of the kaja gloss shots as a replacement for this one and i really like that formula so far !
the shade selection is also pretty similar i 'd say though there is n't as much variety .
you know you make a very compelling argument that open exhibitionism is better than muffled exhibitionism .
yeah depending on what your doing that stand is pretty mehh ... you could always try something like this on the 48 to give your tv the same effect .
if i score a cool goal i wan na see the replay
you can save the replay and watch it after and also share it with anyone you want
its rare for me that someone does n't skip any replay
great for you where i play there 's not really that much people playing 1v1 we all know eachother and here it has developed some kind of minigame of waiting where they do n't skip any of their replays to tilt the other player .
you could use the 3 seconds of countdown as a mental reset '' .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/dankmemes/comments/v5abov/doopity_doo 32 32
i think lorde is a pretty safe bet since she 's been on so many other soundtracks .
i also want taylor to re-record eyes open and safe and sound for the soundtrack .
i really liked it when he pulled a n64 out of a gamecube and pulled money from the n64 and i was like aww shit here we go again
did you read the title about the data being sourced from r/android ?
yes the best way to avoid an std is to not have sex .
but on a population level you can not reasonably ensure everyone will get with the program and not have sex .
you can reduce the danger of std spread with safe sex education and condoms but the risk still is never zero .
you also need to provide treatment for stds because through ignorance or malice there will be sex .
even if you put in all the fancy doors you want that is not going to make a school totally safe .
yes someone is going to prop a door open because they want to take a class out for just a minute .
or a shooter will bring their gun in a backpack and start from there .
or they 'll take advantage of the massive crowd waiting to be screened to get into school in the morning and shoot from there .
or like in uvalde the lock might not engage and that is all it will take for a tragedy .
the door security issue was solved as close as it can be to completion 20 years ago .
to keep harping on that is like expecting to prevent the spread of stds through abstinence we 're well past that .
going down 0-2 and then having to play the next 2 away is so much tougher than at 1-1
luckily school is over so i can mope around at home and let this mushroom cut grow out .
u/smoooooze just you wait ounce i bother to finish crowby
u/smoooooze leaves or i leave or i do n't know one of us leaves i think it 's me but if i 'm a self insert dose that make out of character talking just character duologue should i put this in brackets ?
unless radical gender or race views come up and suddenly they 're not single issue voters.
bro i just used this method and it works downloaded network drivers with macbook and flash drive
because he is the head of the security department 😂
i humbly request a flair in the topic of ancient greece and rome .
my particular focus of study is ancient coinage and i 'd be perfectly happy with a flair limited to that .
when a roman emperor or european king would mint new coins with his portrait or whatever on them did they take the old ones of previous rulers out of circulation ?
or would citizens be faced with a myriad of coins with different faces of different people ?
how many years did it take to complete rome 's 250k miles of roads ?
were ancient athenian citizens better suited than in modern times to grasp the political issues of the day and familiarize themselves with candidates for office ?
if you come into possession of an ancient/priceless piece of history are you legally obligated to donate it to a museum ?
when in history did christians come to be regarded as a separate religion rather than a sect or subset of judaism ?
those thirty silver coins judas was supposedly paid for betraying jesus how much wealth was that in that time and place ?
if you ca n't respect the first no '' that just makes the 2nd no '' into a hell no . ''
hi i added my city stats/images and assets/mods used .
if you could check it out that would be helpful !
i did plan it out how i was goign to do it but when it comes to wanting to go along with my layout its difficult to do so because of tile constraints so then i have to do with what i have for the time being .
and ik my traffic isnt great but i thought putting more public transport would help eliminate it quite a bit
just tried a blend of some of the new stuff and it 's hitting great ... you got yours by now right ?
gary payton sr is such a chad for naming both of his kids after himself
i heard about a website from this sub and it has been super helpful .
budget bytes https www.budgetbytes.com — uncomplicated recipes with common ingredients and she does lots of meal prep and meal planning if you 're into that .
all time fave is her spicy peanut ramen recipe .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/playboicarti/comments/v5kt28/bro_was_fearing_for_his_life
this makes me very happy i will end up installing this
i saw a dog on a highway on the southside .
alive in the front and critically and horribly injured in the back after getting hit by a car .
spay and neuter and keep your dogs off the streets folks .
i do n't see any fucking humans in this one
it 's always the opposite of what you might expect is n't it 🤦‍♀️
first seed up for grabs in both groups next week
i would pay to rent the first one again if they made it available .
i 'd buy it on dvd if they released it !
once elon takes over i plan to let twitter handle my entire portfolio .
he 's promised some fantastic new innovations that are gon na bring back free speech and i think something about muffins after ?
you can deactivate the hero character 's ranged attack power if you have them upgraded with kyber bricks and when you deactivate them it should work better !
the hit registration is pretty bad but it only took me a couple tries !
b c c c rust is exactly how it went tho ?
yeah rust was also influenced by ml and others c was also heavily based on java and c was inspired by simula but that common genetic line '' from b and bcpl is still present and obvious ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
this man put himself through a flaming table and just came from a company that continued a matt hardy match after he fell off a scissor lift with his head hitting the concrete .
d i g t h e f i l e s !
only if i was rich and never had to work again .
and even then i 'd probably get over it after a while .
it 's just repetition of reading case law over and over .
they teach you the filar method too facts issue law analysis rule .
but other than that it 's just becoming acquainted with how judges think and how the law should be read .
profs also lecture on things like statutory interpretation so some of it is lawyer specific reading but most is just reading case law .
can we exchange omen skins for cloth or nah ?
most of my friends are straight and not really keen to watch it lol
i 'll try to view life in the way you said d
not gon na lie this post sounds like a total setup
watch out for the wolf that always kills the bunny at the pathway up too the dam
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
crazy how worked up the nets/bucks/heat/warriors fans get when you call them out for being bandwagoners .
impossible to be a bandwagon fan in boston since we 're always in the mix .
i 'm an emo gamer girl who has white hair with red tips .
why do poor people in arguments all seem to be living in luxury ?
i 've never seen any poor person live like that if they do they are n't poor they 're just high earners that are bad with money
there was the bronzen bull in front of the nyse .
the firstborn child sacrifice to molech for prosperities sake.does occur today .
and this is why o have been pro life for a few years now .
no molech is n't hidden in the linen closet but.the same thing occurs .
that and the original purpose of planned parenthood eugenics for blacks
check ou dr. michael heiser on youtube and pick up his book the unseen realm '' .
i can probably find you some good literature to show him/her .
the best place in the uk is the mayo clinic that they have there .
he 's not suffering from ocd he 's just an asshole .
getting the balance of the projector is difficult as mine would overheat if i̇ just balanced it straight up but i̇ figured a way to make it work with a milk crate and some zip ties .
i am not form the us so i would n't be able to tell you.the bets i share are easily found on bet365 .
that would be the 0kb bug and you definitely have some corrupted save files .
the thread explaining what to do to fix this has been deleted from the bethesda.net forums but i have memorized most of it and i can walk you through step by step what to do from here and give some advice of how to avoid it in the future .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/v6hud6/im_21f_losing_someone23m_i_love_and_i_feel and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
welp after all that the gpu power cables wo n't let the case close lmao .
i 've hit every speedbump possible on this build and i 'm about to go crazy .
is it too much to ask for psu manufacturers to make flexible cables
sex dolls would definitely disrupt society alright but not in the way that braindead twitter user said .
they 'd only increase the amount of objectification that men subconsciously do to women
this sub aims to provide advice and support to anyone who needs it but should n't be used to replace professional advice and support .
please do not post intentions to act on suicidal thoughts here and instead call 111 or 999 for an ambulance if you feel you wo n't be able to wait .
feel free to check out the 'sub rules faq ' which can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealthuk/comments/okzwlf/sub_rules_faq .
you can also check out the 'sub rules and guidance ' slideshows here https www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealthuk/comments/ot4up0/sub_rules_and_guidance_swipe_for_more_slides is the colourful version and here https www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealthuk/comments/ot4vhf/sub_rules_and_guidance_dark_mode_swipe_for_more is the dark mode version .
there is also a 'mental health faq ' slideshow the colourful version can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealthuk/comments/ort12z/mental_health_faq_post_swipe_for_more_slides and the dark mode version here https www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealthuk/comments/os5y95/mental_health_faq_post_mostly_in_dark_mode_swipe .
while waiting for a reply feel free to check out the pinned masterpost https www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealthuk/comments/bc3jtm/mental_health_uk_master_post for a variety of helplines and resources .
this sub aims to be as free from harm and exclusivity as possible so any harmful provocative or exclusionary content will be removed .
this includes harmful blanket statements about treatment or mental health professionals please speak only for your own experiences and not on behalf of others who may not share the same views .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mentalhealthuk if you have any questions or concerns .
can they send it to a nearby country and convert it to something easier to transport ?
he can capture a shitload of the market if he just stays true to his plan .
15 percent markup on a big chunk of the medicine market is good money .
the person who bought the pen with his money now lost .
similarly the person who made the game with his own money lost it for free .
and pen one has actually much lower penalty than stealing a game .
realized how unsexy politics were with their greed and lies teehee
to be fair i 've never once used the rear rack for luggage but i would n't want to be without one .
it makes rolling so much easier and unluckily for me my day-to-day use sadly requires a lot of rolling .
what do you carry on the front on these twice a year expeditions ?
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/unexpected/comments/v5yhmf/reality_check
i would hate to see this turn into a long war between parents putting their kids against each other .
the cambridges are the next generation but sussexes have a future generation of their own .
whatever the cambridge kids do sussexes will try to one up them .
growing up i always hated it when my mother compared me to others .
i put them on before i bake it in the oven.. it elevates it for sure .
good to know thank you what did you use for the midsole ?
none of the information is clear or makes any sense at all .
i think that not all the options available in the world have to be paid .
this was a fortune 500 company worth over 100 billion dollars and we were primarily data engineering and devops team .
but you are correct team was mostly h1b visas and more than 50 of team was indian .
they ssh 'd into our ec2 instance and directly overwrote using sftp .
obviously didnt happen often because many of us actively tried to prevent it from happening but it did .
we eventually ended up restricting prod access to only a handful of individuals .
ive been gone for over a year but a coworker who left recently told me they even opted to get rid of dev environment only qa and prod now after a new non technical manager took over .
that was the last straw and they left after many years there .
oh and we introduced version control only a year into me working there .
i never did a code review until current company which is ironically at a smaller startup .
i 'm happy for you and others who think this is a fairytale and only could happen at smaller companies but its very real and it happens .
the intro was fucking lit i remember getting up extra early in the morning just to catch an episode before school .
i 'm sure putting it so early in the day killed it as i do n't think it ever found a core audience .
idk evmos scales like shit was almost unusable like 3 days from launch
do n't even care if it 's fake it 's so goddamn funny
you got this shit g 🤘🏼next step is diamond !
i 'm at 1625 and i 'm scared to keep pushing for plat .
i watched it broken up over two days and was just kinda waiting for it to end .
but i will admit the action scene at the end was fucking amazing .
went back and watched it twice in a row .
but ... gah ... the movie had no heart whatsoever .
the stuff that really builds up who the characters are .
like the scene in john wick where the boss calls up the car mechanic and asks if he hit his son .
or in the original matrix where neo has a drink aboard the nebuchadnezzar with cypher looking at redheads and brunettes .
and then we cut to cypher having steak explaining to agent smith how he wants to be made into a rich actor in order to betray his friends .
they did n't need any of those scenes but they 're what make the movie great .
i need to go watch a good movie to get this bad taste out of my mouth .
the tires and wheels are the one thing i do want to upgrade eventually !
but i also want to do that in time and not feel like i need to do it right this second or my bike sucks kinda thing .
just want to not spend money for a few months if u know what i mean and not feel anxiety about how my bike could be better .
in a normal diablo game strategies would involve min-maxing the best farming routes to for a given progression path ie gear paragon caldesann 's upgrades etc materials .
but since everything is time gated other than the cash shop then yeah i will keep making fun of the 'strategy ' in diablo immortal .
unless by strategy you mean dodge the boss slam '' in which case no comment xd
and due to sharks being super smooth in every direction https www.boredpanda.com/comics-shark-skin-smooth-rough-people-correct ? utm_source=google utm_medium=organic utm_campaign=organic they are super aerodynamic and really fly through the sky when yote .
the power trip for the job creators '' shows no signs of sobering up
just sort it randomly and cap it at a certain number .
your sheet is view only '' so its difficult to test/demonstrate solutions .
option 3 repair 1 small weapon repair a large weapon by eating 3
effects degrade every 1 minutes in sweltering heat opposite effect in freezing cold
posts under the monday theme flair must be posted on a monday between 12:01 est and 11:59 est .
all posts under this flair must be of an alpha .
betas and submissives may not post pictures of themselves until friday .
all users are encouraged to use the report button if this post is posted on the incorrect day to flag this post for our moderator team to remove it .
users will be banned if this flair is used on a day that is not monday .
any pictures/videos of a ‘straight ' boy getting turned out can be posted under the ‘straight turned gay ' post flair as long as two people or more are present in the photo .
our mission at r/straightturnedgay is to help 'straight ' guys turn into sexually healthy confident and self-accepting gay/bi men .
check out our rules m.reddit.com/r/straightturnedgay/about/rules and our 'healthy sexuality ' https www.reddit.com/r/straightturnedgay/comments/j5090t/find_healthy_sexuality_avoid_a_toxic_life post for info/resources on self-acceptance self-love and how to come out or share your attractions with those you love .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/straightturnedgay if you have any questions or concerns .
! for a second there i was thinking he was ned and just considered a cameo ... then i talked myself out of it .
think of it as a crash course in life .
i know it sounds counter-intuitive but sometimes if you 're nice to someone regardless of what they do it can often diffuse the situation .
hang in there i promise there are nice people out there too ...
that 's a gun reform measure i totally support .
i posted this to show that title console does n't inherently mean you are bad !
you become as good as you want to you just need to practice .
https youtu.be/uadkokxjxlo you can view it from 1080p all the way to 4k on youtube if you want
the lawsuit is being closed now that the company had to disclose the rest of their information .
i love how one dog looks like a stretched out version of the other lol
if you need to report a concern about your dsp head to the ethics hotline https secure.ethicspoint.com/domain/media/en/gui/65221/index.html
looking to get some free shoes on behalf of amazon ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amazondspdrivers if you have any questions or concerns .
if you do not fight you have no right to vote .
if you do not retaliate your vote shall not validate .
if your pk threshold is only mild no votes for you stay out the wild .
salt your wounds or maybe lick them you can not vote you are a victim .
a combination of barely eating and a few hours of cardio a day .
was happy to hit the goal but jfc i would not recommend it .
i 'm still a little bit off my goal but i 'm aiming for 10 on month two .
my athletic performance was going down rather than up despite the lost weight which is not ideal in the long term .
va requires a shared maintenance agreement with the deed and the veteran can not be responsible for the majority of costs .
does she count the singles from working the street corner she better her pimp gon na whip her ass if she 's short .
kinda crazy after all these years their procedural '' tools still are n't that procedural .
it seems like only recently the montreal team started looking into ways to generate locations algorithmically .
i think cig oversold their procedural tech over the years always trying to give the impression it was further along than it was at the time and that it could already allow them to easily populate the universe .
years ago i talked to an ex cig dev and asked him about the citcon 2016 demo i 've always loved procedural planets in games and that demo alone sold me on sc so i asked him why planets did n't look as good both in terms of textures/heightmaps and procedural stuff like rocks trees etc ...
i remember being impressed their tech could procedurally scatter those assets not just randomly but creating interesting natural formations like oasis valleys etc..
in that demo other than the planet itself and trees/grass everything else was hand placed i rewatched the demo and noticed that infact only the playable area had assets scattered around .
sorry but he has on of the best soliloquies of the series .
oh shit sweet i seen his build video i just figured he was another dude trying to sell shit lol so good stuff then ?
i bought the natural australian desert stuff it was expensive but i want to do my tank kinda like yours pretty much so i stopped myself in my tank build to learn more .
and here i am signing up karens for spam phone calls and mail .
i also loved playing it on the 360 awhile back .
honestly do n't beat yourself up over it or convince yourself you 're developing an incurable dependency .
the way i 've found the best balance in my life is by taking it regularly even on the days where i want to relax or do n't have anything special planned .
it should become your new normal not something you are constantly floating in between .
remind yourself that it is absolutely ok to take it everyday and it is ok to depend on it .
you feeling that big difference between being on it and off it is and feeling like the off days are worse than before you 've taken it is normal .
the way adderall works is that you do experience a bit of withdrawal or hangover on the days where you do n't take it .
but if you continue not taking it consistently aka are trying to get off it completely you will also find your balance within that as well and slowly start to feel more like you did before you starting taking it .
i mean i 'm sure there 's some plan to address them but when they 'll reveal that is the question .
i know they said they want to have a store overhaul add a second page eventually but that 's beyond a back burner right now
yeah thats a big rip.. especially since liz drops in about 5 hours .
well.. you better hope to get lucky on those few pulls you can manage to scrape together
every time i play omaha or utah and i 'm running up that beach i always try to imagine what it 'd be like to be there in person .
obviously i could never imagine that so i keep on playing
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=masquerademenow
why not just make the meals at the school and if the kids are hungry they can walk over and eat .
it 's not like they have to be at work .
my sister went with oak and sage for two of her dogs .
and as an anecdotal example i 'm 6'3 with a longer than average dick long fingers etc .
i know what you 're talking about and i know it 's true .
i 'm not one to believe in omens but something tells me you 're going to have one hell of a time .
on the front side of the relationship sales i agree .
however on the back side service i think dealerships still have value compared to tesla service as it currently stands .
dealerships do n't often have a captive audience like tesla does .
if you have a bad experience you can take your ford to a different ford dealer or to a smaller shop .
i think tesla will eventually correct their customer service shortcomings but for right now dealerships at least provide better service quality and consistency in my experience .
he should have known better if he was your boyfriend .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
but we have lost our spirituality at the sake of fake religions .
and that 's very important aspect of human nature .
no wonder we are all lost if we do n't have common factor that would unite us globally without divisions for sex nations race etc .
that we all are one brothers and sisters and this earth is our home .
i 've got pointy ears you sayin i ai n't human huh punk ?
i 'll grab me some free yieldly ... where can i buy a hoody ? ?
the meta in this game feels so much more annoying to fight than the meta in any previous games .
i 'd take murky and pkcs over like 80 of the shit in this game
how different and whether that different is good will be determined when the full game is released but as far as the beta goes defense and offense look better
they look pretty dang good first timer or not .
my theory last season just for shits and giggles was that ryan is actually butcher 's son but when homelander raped becca it exposed the embryo/fetus to v which is what gives him his powers .
yeah but you buy it at a pricepoint that justifies it 's quality .
hnnnnn ! mmmmm ! '' i hold you close with my arms letting out soft little moans as you carefully knead my breasts .
there was a sense of relaxation as you kneaded my breasts and i pressed my lips back into yours .
each time your hands went over my nipples you felt me let out a small moan
'' h-hey ... i-i should really ... '' without saying any more i take off my dress leaving me in nothing but panties and thigh-high socks
the pretentiousness comes from the way op wrote their story as i interpret it .
i co-sign that and we just got the most incredible left wing new government with a lot of independents that actually represents the people .
gladly i have tickets to this whole blue jays series
hight percent use dowb smash or f smash low use up tilt f tilt or neutral b
is there any way you could make an estrogen/transfem one ?
nta are the girls hearing these derogatory comments as well ?
that 's right this sub seems obsessive about tifa than the others even though there is no canon whatsoever .
i do like tifa but i have not found a trace of their base relationship at all .
how could she have feeling for him from just one conversation when they were children and cloud isolated himself from other kids .
i can say the same for aerith and zack .
no reason for her to be loyal the the one that abandoned her for 5 years would you love that person in your real life ?
gosh why they do n't just put them all together this is a fantasy world anyway .
but yeah much agree that this game has implicit triangle love in mind maybe not even triangle love but harem love you know japanese things .
the surest bet is to be a founder of a startup work at a startup early then move to become a vc better if the startup is successful but even if it 's not still a favorable experience that will help land the job .
some may hire you as an analyst after college with a degree in cs but rarely will be on a partner track .
it 's weird how the refs will put the whistles away for a two-handed slash but then something like that gets called
the main phys sessions are called initial military fitness or just imf .
you do them as a class in formation they will drill all of that during the sessions .
expect to spend a lot of time in 'front support place ' .
they will teach you how to climb a rope properly .
there is also a short run/sprint called a camp circuit .
it 's up a hill then down a hill and back .
outside of imf there are a few normal phys circuits with the ptis and there are some swimming circuits .
there 's also a stretcher run which is a run around the whole base as a squad carrying a stretcher with a 60-80kg dummy on it
i think there 's an assault course but you might not actually do that .
tell the heifer in the back to shut her hole
my mother refuses me any mental or psychological help even though i tic in front of her .
i 've ticked in front of my sister and she laughed went what ?
do you think you have tourette 's or something ? and when i nodded she just said you don't and walked away .
i would ask my dad but he 's not allowed to do any legal or medical stuff without telling my mom and vice versa .
also in the 80s there was still a lot of pressure to be masculine '' and not show feelings especially once guys became teens i 'm a woman but from what they tell me lol .
that airport hug did make me cringe though it was just sooo awkward lol .
yes but only the worthy will see the red circle .
go outside around 5:40 am somewhere with a good view to the east .
venus will be stupid bright and about 14 degrees above the horizon .
jupiter will be above and to the right of venus about 40 degrees .
saturn a little higher and further to the right .
mercury below venus but i doubt you 'll see that .
there 's a good chance the sky will be cloudy or at least murky making viewing difficult especially low to the horizon .
if they threw it in the trash of course it 's weird .
but if i knew they 're not gon na eat it i just tell them i 'll take it before they throw it out .
how have they still not put cushions or something on that part of the glass ?
i personally went from an i3 4150 to i3 10100f and the difference was pretty big
not straight but damn do i need to drill it
look if you want to pitch this script you need to go though my agent
and thus follows a seven year saga of harry running from a pack of loonies who seem concerningly determined to have him on board their project and also seem even more concerningly dedicated method acting .
that 's good that you have n't had any problems .
i 'm supposed to take it in the morning and at night .
10mg i think if that 's the typical starting dose .
in a three dot after that rename option is not showing.. ?
come on chem trails is a little far fetched i 'm not that crazy
and feferi will only become queen if she can defeat hic
i was going to suggest maybe checking ebay to see if anyone was selling one cheap then i went to ebay and remembered that computer parts are still mostly overpriced ...
i unfortunately have a ryzen 3600 so i ca n't help .
i hate to say it but the amd system might be the easiest way to do it .
multi person matches one kick puts you down for 5 minutes outside the ring
this is a personal motion of no confidence in boris johnson as prime minister not his government .
looks like dnd mimetypes changed a bit since the code was written .
was a bit late when i asked for help yesterday and could n't see your responses .
second and probably not related ... did n't expected to have a response for the developer !
i think its a good moment to give a big thank you for this amazing piece of software .
have been using it for years now its totally amazing .
it seems you finally found the error yourself again sorry for not giving logs yesterday was a bit late and did n't see your replies .
i am glad it will be fixed in a future release right now installer uses r9125 will wait no problem .
dam i wish i was them i 'd prolly take a pic too
1 pregnancy is not a disease and if she were so uncomfortable that she could not stand she could have booked a taxi ride or something
2 the white knight was just ridiculous should have minded his own business and he made an ass of himself really
i want to play 5c i just dont want to afford the lands or mana rocks that you need to actually play a 5c deck
motherfuckers be craving monster pussy.but unfortunately i did their whole geonological tree
i 'd take a trade package from the spurs of poeltl and keldon johnson with their first round pick
just learn to take a joke without getting offended over it and then deflecting criticism when you 're called out for it .
if we play this game how many people have been lyched for eating pork ?
i know i 'm barging in out of nowhere with my opinions but photography is actually my field of study and i felt like i could provide helpful critique .
some have potential but basically everything with them has been bad hence the cancellations of many of their series
no chance on hiding it now but you 're looking incredible so flaunt it 😍
i dont see reports kalibr 's killing civilian people .
i know one incident was in odessa one person died in a car .
when i type in google kalibr hit ... '' it shows me some plants warehaouses and military buildings .
so when you say kalibrs being shot to residental areas for killing inocent people please care to have something behind your words .
het is triest prep mag wel makkelijker toegankelijk zijn maar jordy kijk ff goed naar jezelf .
want het is absoluut niet prep z'n schuld dat je hiv hebt opgelopen en liegen tegen anderen zorgt alleen maar dat het meer verspreid neem je verantwoordelijkheid .
it does say i have 2 ships back in the bubble 135 flight hours away and it would cost more money than i have to transfer them
that sounds like there 's something up with your fridge or something .
we buy like 4 anchor lacto free milk a week and have never had an issue
i remember reading джгут dzhut somewhere which means tourniquet and wondered just now what turnstile '' translates to .
i can only imagine how confusing english speakers might be asking for a turnstile in a crisis .
i know i 've asked someone to raise their hermano brother when i meant mano hand to stop blood loss .
guy just looked confused and said they were n't related .
between that the rampant catholicism and near every city having an annual garlic festival ireland is the worlds last vamp free zone despite never getting to see the fucking sun on a regular basis .
gosh it 's so crazy how accurate this game looks to the city
what an overreaction over a simple reasonable request that it should be saga instead of arc .
not cb if the house with much more than 59 ... otherwise crazy
du kan også vælge at studere hårdt arbejde hårdt og bide i det sure æble i 10 år hvorefter tingene kan se meget lysere ud .
jeg var trist som teenager og i 20erne men så blev det hele godt i 30erne .
i messaged you and would like to talk to you .
seems like there might be more heads rolling at the wapo
because japan likes weird stuff and indie devs can experiment freely with their games unlike proper dev companies that have to make profit
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/burdurland if you have any questions or concerns .
bro i have seen many realities but this is hurting my eyes and brain .
if it 's a meta snapshot '' idk how he put ultra gogeta above kaioken since kaioken currently has better teams .
i was doing it to save the human race . ''
i 'm not saying that you were wrong i 'm just saying that the hauler in the image should certainly no longer appear due to game updates .
hopefully it 's uk where he 'd be paid properly for this shit
i know i 'll be at odds with the other comments but you can still consider jus askin for it .
you seem not to be in an independant position .
so asking will let your parents know its a heartful wish of yours n u could add 1 cor 10:27 where paul says
27 if an unbeliever invites you and you want to go eat whatever is set before you making no inquiry on account of your conscience .
clearly paul was ok with eating n such with the nonbelievers
everyone is just salty she fell for a hylian and then was slaughtered .
if she had lived they would n't be as pissy just like how the younger zora do n't really care and get that link tried bis best .
looks no different then what i saw doing a 3rd gear synchro replacement on my 02m manual in the mk4 specific gear pullers and tools needed but it 's not rocket science shop manual explains most of how it goes together etc .
when i was a kid i had a very strange experience that feels quite similar to this .
i think i must 've been 5/6 and living with my grandparents who would often watch a lot of wheel of fortune and jeopardy .
anyway maybe it was reruns but the state i was in makes me believe otherwise .
i do n't know how to explain it but suddenly the words sabertooth tiger entered my mind and i could n't stop repeating them .
i was a huge fossil/dino nerd as a kid so i was familiar with what a sabertooth tiger is/was .
anyway it felt like i was fixated and speaking these words to myself grandparents were in the kitchen for at least 10-15 minutes .
of course this is hearsay from a stranger on the internet .
and of course it 's easy to shoot down and say that the clues were already onscreen but i swear to god i remember being so creeped out .
not proud or elated that i had figured out the answer more so like i received a strange message from the future .
idk how to explain it but i felt like i was in a trance .
and much like you op that feeling kind of just shut off after reality caught up .
if you dive deep into any topic enough you would find the same thing at the core .
the new build i work from in london is 14 floors and non of the windows open .
same for all the buildings going up around it .
he made my day making fun of dundee tattoos is on point
if it were neither it would be pronounced skent '' .
he should 've absolutely just transferred to another college and worked on polishing his game .
who knows if everything went right he could 've been a top 5 pick as a sophomore .
while others checked everything keep a can of fuel on top of the vehicle preferably or get a jerrycan attachment or something if you can and keep a gallon or a real jerrycan of fuel for reserve .
this becomes scary and you ca n't really siphon it out that easy .
when in snow do wear shades if you have specs get powerglasses made before you leave snow and sun will fatigue you like anything .
and try to minimize music be more onto the surroundings ... it 's beautiful out there .
madison pettis and i would do any and everything to her .
good job i like the perks your running as well cool combo for micheal !
daca jobul nu cere experienta nu te astepta sa nunexiste alte criterii .
experienta cantareste si ea ceva in luqrea deciziei de catre angajator dar sunt si alte criterii mult mai importante .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
they 'll know better what the people and the environment need right now .
damn and you cant even reset playthroughs on this game either 🙁
i learned off youtube so i do n't really have a course to recommend but i heard berkeley 's course is good .
blind 75/grind75 a problem lists that cover the main topics .
honestly do n't know much about certifications and i 've never done one myself .
just from reading this subreddit i get the impression they do n't hold much resume value .
regardless of the dendro hypostasis existing or not the implication here is that the remaining nations have no hypostases on their land .
there are obvious development reasons for their current placement but years from now it will be weird that only the anemo and geo hypostasis are actually placed in their archon 's land .
keep it light ish otherwise if you want to ahem celebrate later .
if the cia was over paying washed up golfer 's to rehab their image you would have a point .
but you 're an idiot and lack simple logic .
i 'm not sure if you 'd be able to swap badges .
at least not to the mk8 one as it 's larger overall compared to the mk7 badge .
i 'm just guessing of course but i think it 's more like i want this person to do what i want and this is how i can get them to do it ''
should 've pinched the orangutan or ripped the hair out it 's arm
i mean it 's my favorite meat so i just think about it a lot when this subject comes up .
i 've tried a couple of different supplements that are for improving circulation and my blood pressure started dropping significantly both times .
from its typical low 100s systolic to the 90s to the 80s at which point i freak out and stop taking them .
main ingredient in one was some kind of pepper and the other was ceylon cinnamon .
i do n't know if they would have helped but just throwing this out there as a cautionary tale .
i have a heated vest with heated pockets which helps a lot especially when i 'm cooking and ca n't avoid touching cold things
i have to admit i am getting involved in that one and yes it is to help the officer not the suspect as it were .
the daily mail is probably the largest non broadcast media company in the uk .
news corp is big internationally but the daily mail northcliffe media pretty much owns ever local advertising circular in england .
it is very deeply established and asides from having numerous paparazzi on their books i 'm sure there influence and network stretch far and wide..prett sure paul dacre the former man in charge retired to a peerage .
my favorite was how jetblue is her favorite airline because her bag was 1 lb .
never mind first class passengers on many airlines get two bags and a higher weight limit per bag .
we hear the constant drum beat of we 're desperate for workers ! ''
remember when the left was disgusted and angry over kid beauty pageants to be honest i do n't like them either well this is 1000x worse and it 's not even close .
the cool people i 'm talking about had bikes that were clearly modded to be louder than normal revved their engines while going upwards of 50 down a residential street after 10pm on a sunday night and i could hear and see them weaving down every parallel street to mine .
so obviously not your run of the mill motorcycle experience ... it was waaaaay cooler .
either because they were forced into it by others creating and announcing their reputation as such or the individual found it easiest to identify others who preferred to engage them as such and categorize people they interact with a bit of security regarding their desire for companionship .
this is exactly what i was thinking they are jealous and do n't understand ops dedication to their goals .
probably because they never had that same drive dedication etc .
so since they do n't understand it it 's easier to tear it down .
see someone could pull the trigger than you think .
besides idk if you noticed but there a bullet in yo head
if you 're up for a small drive this https indrivmar.com place in clinton is really cool and very affordable .
they 're not really clock watchers and very very knowledgeable .
you clearly did n't see the video where they attacked him first even knowing he had a firearm on him .
do n't let the facts get in the way of a good story
one does n't need to be a good neighbor if you 're in a state of war with one another
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dissociadid if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's a lot more to read i hope you enjoy
that business has to adhere to certain standards and regulations it 's been like that since forever .
same way asbestos ca n't be used in buildings anymore or should construction companies be allowed to use asbestos as they please ?
that just strikes me as semantics what if neither of you are into it because the thought of getting pregnant kills the mood for you ?
saying that nfp is sinful implies that there are times married couples are on pain of sin required to have sex at certain times .
should someone tell them he raised their taxes to give a tax cut to billionaires .
perhaps then they 'd have a driveway/road where they live .
i know i could just visit the website to find out more but i want to ask first what it is before visiting it .
read somewhere it could have been a fungus on the grain they ate for bread and other things .
still do n't get what 's the point of these .
why not just buy widely available real ones and ay on original system .
things just gradually became clearer easier i was so much happier .
lol what does a safety parachute have to do with lesbians mate😭💀
that 's rape gaslighting too a drunken girl can not consent a sober op did n't consent .
he did n't respect your rules and decision he 's driving you crazy trying to make you think it was n't a big deal .
ignore every dumbass saying that you may be at fault nope you are n't dude used your vulnerability while being drunk .
evil is a stupid and pointless characterization since it 's entirely subjective .
the possibility of an armed victim or armed bystander greatly deters this kind of violent mob assault .
being subject to violent assault at the whim of a mob with the only recourse being a civil lawsuit is not a hallmark of a free society it 's tyranny .
i love the idea if using an extractor device like that ca n't wait for the game to drop
as a reminder we encourage all users to read the post guidelines .
https www.reddit.com/r/crime_documentaries/wiki/guidelines if youre posting your own youtube channel make sure to set your user flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/crime_documentaries if you have any questions or concerns .
so uptight and angry y'all need to have a bowl and a nap .
under the ruling of the 2nd most corrupt sc in our history but go off .
also i ca n't even begin to pick at the rest of your comment because you 're absolutely insane if you believe half of that shit .
lmao okay that 's why the kkk and the proud boys still backs the cons right ?
you appear to have accidentally posted a video here .
if you were trying to post a video those go in r/dankvideos instead .
however if you were trying to post a .gif it looks like reddit converted it into a video automatically .
if you still want to post a .gif here is what you need to do
first ensure the file you 're trying to post is a .gif file .
if it 's not a .gif file go to r/dankvideos instead .
also make sure your .gif does n't break the subreddit rules .
chances are that you 're on your phone and you tried posting your .gif via the reddit app .
unfortunately the reddit app will always convert .gif files to videos .
the only way to post a .gif properly on a phone is to post it via your browser .
open your browser and go to https old.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/submit https old.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/submit
if the link loads the reddit app you 'll need to manually type this url into your browser .
also do n't forget to log in to reddit in your browser .
fill in the prompts and congrats you 've posted your .gif file !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
all they are is looking at is making money off her !
i was going to suggest using a little more lube prior to penetration
thank you for your submission but unfortunately it has been removed .
this image has already been used as the basis for one or more popular or recent photoshop battles .
my grandpa was allergic to random red produce such as strawberries and uncooked tomatoes .
he could sit as a table with the rest of us eating angel food cake with strawberries .
yeah i believe you are right with the edits .
i had my face cam not in a great spot so i cropped the gameplay way to much .
if you want i can show you more clips but the video already seemed to have a bad pace so i decided against more clips .
b like i stated in the video that maybe you did not watch i did support him and he kept pushing us into bad fights which i followed we actually secured a couple kills but still he flamed .
then you are right i make a poorly intended play in return and he finally gets what he wanted which was interaction with me .
cause he had typed all game and i would not answer .
durugar i was just trying to make light of one of the biggest struggles as a solo q support and that is once in a blue moon you get an adc who has set their mind to int and flame you .
if you have not experienced that then you should be thankful .
i play mostly braum a champ that highly relies on his team mates and adc he is not xerath or pyke i need my bud to win and if he has commited to the l little i can do .
the game itself has more context with other players flaming jhin in return but i dont feel like i should have to explain every detail hahaha .
i hope you have a better day than yesterday xoxxxooooxxx
is he worth pulling yes as he is currently the best flying striker mostly due to better sync grid and quicker to set up than other flying types .
the only flying that comes close to lugia is shiny rayquaza .
my advice is pull if you like it or if you really need flying type damage otherwise save for anniversary as it 's coming soon and who knows maybe dena may drop more op units later .
i think you misunderstood there something or i did n't specified everything .
i used debian too mainly for testing purposes back in 2017 .
i really liked it but it fell somehow out of my radar .
i searched for a new distro because i do n't feel very content when i use ubuntu .
and then i saw devuan and gave it a try .
but since then i asked myself why is no one using debian ?
and i thought it would be nice to read about other people perceptions/opinions .
it 's hard when you still live with your parents and they support you financially .
when you are able to move out you can make your own decisions more easily .
minoru talks to ryuk about how kira was able to eliminate war .
it takes place in the beginning of the a-kira manga short .
it has been brought to my attention that the weird internet anti-semite punctuation is traditionally insert reference to jew here https www.reddit.com/r/persecutionfetish/comments/v6hcnv/comment/ibh9wf5 ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3 not insert reference to jew here .
america is literally the foremost cultural powerhouse on the planet .
whatever country you 're from you watch our movies wear our blue jeans listen to our music etc .
i happen to think our culture is quite deranged at this point but let 's not ignore the fact that it 's the most widely adopted and imitated in the world .
well the rationale is that you speed up half the way and slow down the other half so the acceleration is constant in magnitude and switches sign .
guessing from other answers i probably got rid of a factor of 4 somewhere or ca n't do this in my head anyway sustaining g 1 is hard with technology for the foreseeable future
of listings 6 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22madisoncarteer 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 0 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20 28title 3a 22madisoncarteer 22 20or 20title 3a 22madisoncarteer 22 29 sort=new restrict_sr=on
they grow into big ugly trees roots into your foundations .
they just plainly explained the cheapest coverage possible ... .
which essentially means the driver at fault would not have their own vehicle covered under their insurance the company would only pay for the driver they hit .
in general their advice is correct but it really depends upon the nature of the entire offer .
how would the record co. commit to the promotion of concerts ?
i was struggling as well but if you 're gold pass and there happens to be another 200cc gold race they helped tremendously got it in my first 3 races after trying for almost a week
because if you just call off sick '' that happen to land on the 4th of july or superbowl then you start crying about not enough paid enough because your hours got cut that entirely on you .
you 're either working in a jobs where workers are disposable or you 're working for family .
besides being stinxy 's manager/agent/whatever he has a law degree too in ip 🤔
in the interest of being fully transparent i ca n't take credit for the game itself but i agree the original dev did an awesome job .
my role is modifying it and re-packaging it as a playable nft .
a strongman trains every day often with unnatural levels of steroid use .
these animals are just sitting there in that cage every day and their muscles are that strong .
compare that to an average human doing average human things even nomadic hunter-gatherer prehistoric humans .
now imagine how strong apes would get if you put them on a high protein diet injected steroids into them and somehow got them to strength train daily for hours .
our skeletomuscular system is built for endurance and stamina not for strength .
your post has been removed because it is a repost
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if i made a mistake please reply to me and a moderator will check this post out .
i love that while scott 's pretty critical about everything he never falls into mob mentality/blind rage that 's so common in video game disclosure nowadays .
and he always get 's his opinions out eloquently and honestly .
ferd is the ultimate weapon bred by hate and molded by cursive spines
rumor has it he 'll show teeth if they win it all
is it just me or is there a tooth in there
chickenfast 's withdrawals seem to have stopped and support is n't responding .
nobody wants your christian filth disguised as being nice '' gtfo .
stop shoving ur filth down everyone else 's throats .
wow it 's a regular who 's who of who gives a shit .
if that turns into a double play that stops joe from scoring i 'm going to throw something
when one ability replaces the other it always confuses me .
in the row above it if you have power of the force '' selected i think you do telekinetic wave becomes an ability called power of the force with a different icon .
yeah the factories are up north the south is mainly suburbs and farms and camden but we do n't talk about that
do you understand the difference between the dishwasher and industrial bread slicer ?
soooo can we just continue using the term for people that actually did n't have help ?
just another life lesson to take with you in your search for a real partner !
gon na make me start to like some of your subreddit members again
i think blues being perennially good but never great just kept a solid fanbase never saw a bandwagon or new fan spike like it seems avs have
it 's no more mythological than what passes for civics these days in public school
ironically the guard who tried stopping the recent grocery store mass shooting he was covered in his local news abt a way to make cars run on water .
now imagine that there are people on there that fatten their cat up for internet points and compliments
fancam source https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jzljbsyp2yq got ta like support for the awesomeness
understandable if mod wan na delete will delete if original fancam video op reach out .
just a little fun edit for the fellow somnias to enjoy 🤘 .
this is just too good i had to share 😊 thank you
you 're related but it 's a tricky situation all around .
i ca n't blame the ex or the half sister for wanting to know you but you do n't really know them .
they 're a step above strangers and i do n't blame you for not wanting to be more involved .
i think when you were younger the relationship was massively fucked up now there 's no issue
although physically it 's nice to be an anime girl.being a girl is not a problem for me.nobody wants to experience the situation monika went through .
still those who are obsessed with monika want to be monika .
something along the lines of how your language alters how you see colors .
i was a kid and my mom 's company rented out a whole theater for just the workers and family friends to come watch it .
it was amazing and terrifying and perhaps one of the best movie going experiences of my life .
i recall enough people gasping or making ooh bosses when they first see all the dinosaurs roaming and i know a large group of us screamed when the t rex got out of containment .
i do n't think anyone at much as breathed during the kitchen scene .
it 's an ancient hack which has aged poorly .
i wonder whether the creator is even active enough to know about the dmca .
the u.s. cybersecurity and infrastructure agency or cisa said there is no evidence the flaws in the dominion voting systems ' equipment have been exploited to alter election results .
the advisory is based on testing by a prominent computer scientist and expert witness in a long-running lawsuit that is unrelated to false allegations of a stolen election pushed by former president donald trump after his 2020 election loss . ''
idk what you 're trying to prove.. but that 's from the article you posted ... . saying there was no fraud ... ..thanks i guess ?
still does n't change the taped phone call with trump telling the secretary of state to find votes and commit election fraud no matter what you try to what about
draymond and another warrior player is getting 2 fouls in the first 3-5 mins .
if you are on console you can change cross play to controller only i went a whopping 11 games without anyone being toxic people still left mid-game
it does n't matter what people think this does not belong here and makes the issue worse .
it not that the content of this post is exaggerating .
it 's the fact that posting this is exaggerating the issue ... there 's a difference
i live in the south where people hit deers constantly
if your sexuality is fixed and/or part of your identity you should probably call it quits now and try to make things as clean as possible .
otoh if you want to stay and see how you genuinely feel about her as she goes through this process you 're more than welcome to do that .
if you 're too scared and it will tear you up inside with worry that you will eventually stop being attracted to her and want to cut ties now that 's okay too .
it 's all about how you feel about this and no one on the internet can tell you what to do .
this is a big thing and there is not right '' or wrong '' answer here .
i 'm generally straight so far in my life and a guy but i would want to wait until i actually needed to leave .
i would n't let well maybe this will end later '' keep me from seeing if i still loved this person after they transitioned .
but i do n't have part of my identity as not wanting to be in a relationship with a man '' it just has n't happened yet and i doubt it ever will .
if that 's different for you then do what you need to do .
was 104 today just not worth it and i refuse to do no tip orders .
it 's just like how the conservatives call union busting right to work legislation
i think she is in desperate need of cash ... i think she will try anything to make a buck ... even if that means spending a buck to make a buck .
lee 's salary/commission ca n't cover all their spending the way they are going at it .
just look at her tips on recent lives on of ... pennies compared to what they used to be .
subs are down and paying for views likes and followers weekly .
and with no lee there this time she does n't have her enabler there to cheer her on and keep her from spiraling out of control .
i am thinking she is already not liking the backlash she is getting already on the age of this chick .
i think a lot of things are brewing behind the scenes that is causing her to spiral internally already and we are just seeing cracks of it starting to come out .
tchouameni ‪“my parents taught me a lot of values .
they always told me they would never force me to choose what to do.”‬
it sets a bad precedent though it 's not just about him .
idk if you know this but an air fryer is an oven with a high velocity fan .
i know lots of people who say oh air fryer is the same as frying food ''
happened to me and a friend to we were starting a match and as it was showing everyone on the fireteam both our teammates quit .
this happened again in the next match only that one was team slayer
but that 's because i 've got a moka pot .
your submission was automatically removed because the title does not include an m f t or nb tag .
please delete and resubmit with a tag in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
but that did n't happen so you ca n't use that argument here .
besides inflation is far more impacted by government spending taxation and interest rates .
a minimum wage increase accounts for a drop in an ocean of government spending .
recovery went really well and i can say i 'm like at 90 but i 'm afraid to skate and get myself injured again .
planning a visit to the stake park for the past 4 weeks and always finding excuses
i think it 's part of a wider trend of lgbt culture being made up of people who have been historically rejected by standard societal institutions and norms like religion marriage gender norms has over time become something where those societal norms are themselves regarded with a range of attitudes from indifference to resentment .
some people take it further and angrier than others .
i do n't know what you guys are hearing he sound hot to me .
do you think this picture was taken for the show ?
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
then you must not see it often since they shatter when you get near them
i love that frank the plant is basically a plant version of leon .
you think i 'm fishing for a compliment from you .
you are thinking extremely highly of yourself if you think i wanted to hear that you could 've called me a baby killer for all i care your lack of intelligence in multiple subjects make me not give a fuck what a vile person likes you thinks of me .
are these still using eye tracking so only one person at a time can view it ?
that requires the parents to actually put in effort though .
i think of all the times i 've heard people talk about their kids buying a bunch of stuff on their parents'phones .
again an easy problem to prevent if the parent puts in some effort .
now with all that said i can say from years of it experience that a lot of people are incredibly ignorant about how to learn about technology .
the excuse i heard far to often was i just do n't understand this techie stuff . ''
it is sad and i can say from my experience i never had much luck breaking through that willful ignorance barrier .
our tools of mass destruction will stay hidden like it 's the cold war patiently waiting for our it 's time
after looking into this i came to the conclusion that there were reports — some were substantive some not so substantive — that there were actual materials that the government and the private sector had in their possession
the government has reports on ufo stuff '' is literally all this says .
i am forced to confront the evidence that there is something in our skies that is beyond our current technological understanding
i like how you made this conclusion without having a single shred of evidence any of these ufos are even alien tech at all .
what if they 're all hyper advanced military drones ?
that 's definitely a better possibility than alien interstellar spacecraft that always looks like it 's from close encounters '' .
re3 seems to be a fail because auto save feature is n't working but gameplay does
they are super strong animals trapped in a cage bored as fuck and looking to break some shit .
what does it have to lose at this point ?
we love the chocolate reishi protein powder/protein drinks but have n't tried the coffees .
turns out mixing reishi with cocoa powder and using it for hot cocoa is pretty good !
almost all of the delusions controlling my need to perform certain rituals '' had to do with religion which is pretty common with ocd .
that religion can be so damaging to children and it 's unfortunate that parents think they 're doing the best for their kids .
it just ... fucks up everyone involved because parents are terrified for their children 's souls .
even though religion really fucked with my mental health i ca n't really even blame my parents .
she literally just pointed it out jordan is n't putting sarah in danger he already did .
jordan is wanting to tell sarah for selfish reasons not because it 's the right thing to do .
what democrats and their news media acolytes desperately want the plurality of the prospective midterm election voters to care about 👇🏽
protecting the promotion of sexual degeneracy to minors also in schools
the issues most of the likely u.s. voters this upcoming midterm elections actually care about
at least people accept it and wait patiently and do n't physically attack the healthcare workers i would love to work there .
i live in a high population country with free healthcare and small amount of doctors i examine and treat 300 to 400 patients in a 24 hour shift in the er .
most of the patients are selfish uneducated assholes and abuse the free healthcare system and come to the er for non-urgencies/emergencies make scenes attack healthcare workers with no consequences we are severely underpaid and try to escape to other countries who know our value and our government openly states you can go whereever you want we do n't care '' we are declared rebels even terrorists by the government because we are protesting and escaping ...
last i heard for 1 character to max out you are approaching 150k if everything goes your way
as an ice cube fan i checked for this album thinking snoop pumpfaked the release date again but this is why its not on streaming ?
oh my god what an awful disease can only hope it is cured one day
as a ukrainian living in london i have two things to say
1 on a basic level i support any help the restaurant is willing to provide .
god knows ukraine can benefit from extra cash a drones i volunteer for ukrainian arm forces almost everyday and i know the prices
2 at the same time i do n't feel like donations should be made mandatory .
i 'm grateful for the support we get no need to push people into donating unless they opt in .
fuck she could be as bossy as she wants with me
i agree on the rule of cool that 's why i 'm currently looking at the instructions trying to figure out if i can get the pose with the arrow in the bow to work with the hunt master 's bow .
because consumer-side activism is about as useful as spitting into the wind .
so he 's the scary zodiac right the stuff of nightmares ?
the brilliant killer who plays the cops for fools ?
but he does n't mention it to either victim ?
instead he mumbles not i am death destroyer of worlds rhetoric we see in cards and letters but rather some bullshit about escaping prison and needing money etc ?
also bh 's description of height and weight and voice ?
not a great fit compared with what other witnesses say .
so widely publicized as was the z logo on the costume the lb attacker wore .
literally nothing about it is similar to the other crimes .
time of day long conversation etc. so many incongruities .
also if it 's z and there is indeed one killer for all the crimes people thinks are z and the proof that he 's z is to a great extent borne out in the letters attributed to z — then why did z never brag about or even mention lb in any further communications to le or anyone else ?
not saying it was n't the same person — just that there is no definitive evidence that proves it and more to suggest it was n't .
still no luck in my area yet but i 'll keep checking .
it 's normal for me to not find any til later in the month
welcome to raccoon city is the closest adapted video game movie i 've seen .
or the people you loved but could n't maintain a relationship with because you could n't have people over and you moved too much
ez már 16 évesen is kurva ciki lenne na de így ... .
your post has been automatically removed because your account has less than 30 karma .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/firstdayontheinternet/comments/30b44n/could_someone_explain_how_the_reddit_karma_system/cprx7g1 to find out more about karma how it works and how you can acquire it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chiraqology if you have any questions or concerns .
its fairly debatable and while most of the time dimitri wins it comes down to how you personally scale th
bc the people this is about have been triggered .
maybe there is a magical grocery store near ottery st. catchpole that luna frequents
are you here to pick up your order of radishes ?
i was afraid the long legged horseflies had spoiled the crop this season .
bring those radishes up front for one of my best customers !
ron hides half eaten chocolate bar in his apron pocket coming sir !
he goes to get the radishes and brings them up to the counter .
a hag came in complaining about the quality of the deathcap mushrooms and the tansy she bought for her omelettes then a banshee wanted augury meat then she settled for raven meat after learning the price and then some vampires came in for blood pops we were out and some goblins bought all of our cockroach clusters .
grocer now ronald miss lovegood does n't need you talking her ear off .
be a good lad and ask if you can get anything else for her .
ron takes out a pad and pencil can i get you anything else luna ?
luna well i might need some popping corn later this week .
i 'm going to start some christmas necklaces for my friends .
ron oh and we have a special on everlasting gobstoppers .
ron scoops them into a little paper sack along with the radishes for luna .
luna hands him the money from her drawstring purse made from a small burlap sack advertising droobles finest gum '' that was decorated with baby carrots in a row along the bottom .
and you did a fine job stunning those dragon 's tail radishes they 're quite feisty when they come in are n't they ?
ron i thought i was lucky to escape with all my fingers !
grocer well let 's get back to work those dandelion greens are n't going to get any quieter !
that 's one part of marxism that it seems all leftists tend to ignore .
that citizens should be armed in order to make their world for themselves .
but it somehow turned into ban all guns ! guns bad !
it might not be if player count was stable or upward trending but with the current trend it would hurt the game .
missing school for more than 10 days due to mental health problems .
i whiff it off the map a little too often .
i seem to always throw it one last time right before they die and the flames kill the enemy allowing my hammer to pass right through them .
been doing waves on the moon and i throw it right through the nightmares all the time .
then i got ta get on the sparrow of shame and chase it down .
i think after the passing of ryan jeff really stepped up to be the leader of gb and he proved time and time again that he has the rare gift of interviewing people and making them feel at ease .
i keep saying it but if geoff keighley is the hype man danny o ' dwyer gaming 's main documentarian jeff can be the david letterman of gaming .
tbh i prefer the bdsp art style more too .
i just like the simple cute over world not the lanky awkward looking people/pokémon .
fox news is like access hollywood for the nutty people in our country
i 'd clean you like a cat with my tongue .
you will see how hard i get though and you will want it in your mouth .
i have been trained in your thu'um arts by count paarthurnax '' .
this sub is compromised because of the illiterate dipshits who joined back in january 2021 .
i have similar hair type and use the revlon when i want to blow it out .
does an awesome job and dries all my hair in under 15 mins and you ca n't beat the price .
i also have a much more expensive t3 regular not a brush and i love it too .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
huh til that haberdasher is a real word and that it 's what a dealer in men 's clothing in .
yeah i 'm the same i have gamepass on pc but have n't been using it much lately as i 've gone back to my switch for a change .
i need to get better at building a habit of chopping/changing my subs depending on my needs rather than just forgetting about them .
this is amazing i just finished watching the show .
i did n't expect myself to like it tbh ... it was heartwarming 💗
this year i 've only played two wl ‘cause i found the game pretty boring but i managed to make almost 4kk till january by trading .
if you have a single weekend pass for primavera you do n't have access to the priorities queue
gold shield if u have skill issues accuracy if u do n't have skill issue
there are some myths about milk and cheese blocking your stomach so you ca n't take in more psilocybin .
but the thing is when you are 1h in the trip there is nearly no psilocybin left in your stomach .
as far as i know there is no food that brings you down '' or stops the trip besides some very special medicine .
some variants are said to last not as long as others i read that golden teacher lasts around 4-5h for example but that could be just because they are not as potent to begin with .
for me it 's like 6000 years in purgatory i can do that standing on my head
yeah there had been a time we put the disposable swim nappy reusable nappy and swimsuit all on at home so we could jump straight to the swimming class at 9:30am
and of course ... the routine needed to change after an incident in the car ...
and idk let them pick their vp to i guess
kupicu svakog zvonko bogdana i imacu potpunu kontrolu nad trzistem .
it was nb just passed the 91 right before the chapman exit .
i saw one biker then another with his helmet still on facing up and did notice a good amount of blood on the ground behind his head .
could n't tell if he was moving but damn .
hard to get that image out of my head since saturday .
was aber nicht ausgenutzt wird da parteien wie die fdp gegen jede logik an der schuldenbremse klammern .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
use this post to learn more https www.reddit.com/r/garlicmarket/comments/7s0695/all_posts_must_have_flairs_in_them_if_they_will ? ref=share ref_source=link
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/garlicmarket if you have any questions or concerns .
at florida in the 90s there were still a couple .
they finally put ac in them about 10 years ago .
as for this picture it maybe has a bathroom on each floor .
what was said about sorting while unpacking but also do n't buy anything for the new place until that is done .
use what you currently have and do n't give in to the temptation of a shopping spree just because you moved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry if i offend anyone but every office i 've worked at has been so toxic .
i did n't see your og post but from what i 've gathered from my experience on here there 's always someone who will get upset over the smallest things even if it does n't particularly concern them .
what matters is you have your own opinion and voice
grooming touch is essential to survival psychological well being .
she needs love freedom a natural environment and love .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the last 7 days so this post has been removed .
we only allow one post per 7 day period to give everyone a chance to have their cock rated .
this time period still applies regardless of if you 've deleted previous posts .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fratemycock .
i just got home from my check-up ultrasound after my mmc 2,5 weeks ago .
i went for the medical option d c is more of a last resort in my country and my midwife checked my uterus for leftover tissue .
she told me my uterus is empty and though i did feel kind of relieved i was so overwhelmed by all the happy pregnant couples in the waiting room that i had to cry as soon as i left the practice .
i 'm sad i 'm angry i 'm disappointed and have to be careful not to get super bitter .
i hope whoever reads this is doing okay today .
going from a classic to an instant classic in my opinion .
i know this is how things work in america but the city i live in is like 25km across at it 's widest .
if i drive 60 miles inland from where i live i 'm in the mountains/half way across the country .
thanks for helping the team at epic swat these bugs !
if you have n't provided the information already please share the following to help epic games
should there be a need members of the epic games community team may reach out to you with additional questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
in my country only people who have justified reason of special protection can own a gun and people who hunt .
and those are licenced every year and they are not cheap .
also hunters or anyone else can not have automatic or semi automatic guns .
americans are trying to manipulate and slow down european unification ?
americans are not scared of a unified europe we welcome it !
with inflation up the ass billions of dollars propping up europes defense im starting to wonder as well as many americans what 's the point in it all .
germany is too soft to send weapons after it decided to rely on russian gas .
for some reason americans are the one supporting your own neighbor and all we hear is feet dragging from you guys .
and maybe there 's a mistake in the data .
might be a quick finisher and do n't want to turn you off before you fall in love .
the average consumer is gon na buy a laptop where power consumption is king .
washington 's ‘think tanks ' are all part of the neo-conservative racket that exists to swindles american tax payers .
they 're packed full of ideological hacks who have nfi how the real world works .
go back and read or watch the kinds of things these think tanks were putting out about the war in afghanistan and ask yourself if these people have such great insight into conflict why were they talking about an alternate reality ?
these are not people who are grounded in reality and that 's because they would n't be able to do their job if they were .
their role is to create the kind of discourse and narratives needed to help their benefactors sell billions of dollars worth of overpriced not fit for purpose military equipment .
your post is definitely a good summation of the narrative being pushed but just like with afghanistan iraq libya and syria it 's fantasy .
the russian state—not putin but the actual state—sees this war as a core strategic interest vital to the security of the nation and they hold overwhelming escalation dominance .
therefore they will achieve their objectives as they define them it 's really that simple .
the us/nato has played every card they have in an attempt to make russia ‘bleed ' but this has not had any strategic effect .
ultimately russia 's demonstrated itself vastly more powerful—not just militarily but also economically—than western analysts ever imagined .
and now our leaders and media are living in a bubble of extreme cognitive dissonance as they can not reconcile this truth with their deeply internalised sense of american/western exceptionalism .
the friend is correct their game they choose what they do with it
i need your opinion on who to 6 as a tank between krau or angelica ?
ich würde erstmal fragen ob dein freund gerade belastbar ist um über so ein schwerwiegendes thema zu sprechen und zu unterstützen .
dann erklären was deine symptome sind und was du in solchen momenten brauchst von einem freund .
working at unicef is absolutely not a pipe dream you can do it !
i 'd personally take the job and work while studying full-time even if it would take longer to finish my masters .
but i ca n't speak for you maybe you 'd find the workload too much .
however the job is something you should n't pass up without giving it enough consideration given that you now want to work at unicef and not teach .
if this submission makes you go hol'up '' upvote this comment !
if this submission does not make you go hol'up '' downvote this comment !
whilst you 're here u/accurate_purpose828 why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/holup or play on our public minecraft server https discord.gg/dtqsds8c3t ?
i was just thinking if it was weapon and super kills in pvp and any kill in pve it might actually be a way to make you heal fast enough in the air to justify air combat in higher level activities .
there are people who do n't wear their watch to bed or whilst using the bathroom/showering .
some people might also work from home and therefore do n't have to walk to work and back home for example .
just because it 's worthless and meaningless for your personal lifestyle does n't mean it 's like that for everyone else .
would not pass on the opportunity to dick it down !
you may not have much choice if you want to go to sg .
also doctors will only say yes for more vaccine because it 's part of their sustainable model to bring people back to them .
i took 3 pfizer and got covid last week .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/pornhole r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/tiktokporno r/camslut4u r/onlyfansgirlsgw r/milf101 r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/webcamshows r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
she may have 14 malignant tumors in a more manageable spot but it 's still causing headaches .
god this episode was so laughably bad that i actually enjoyed most of it
your thread has flagged and automatically removed for including girl '' in the title .
this is not a sissification and/or forced feminization subreddit .
feel free to resubmit your post with a new title and take the time to familiarize yourself with the subreddit rules .
please note that if you 're presenting as a female by wearing women 's clothing your post is likely to be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boypussy if you have any questions or concerns .
the best advice i have ever understood with friends is to not make him happy ''
share in the happiness do things you want to do do things he wants to do .
my love language is quality time so i just love spending time and doing things with my partner or just chilling together .
is it time gifts contact words of affirmation or service ?
i 'm sure all of these have ways to find things to make him smile .
or maybe you can just do some of the kinds of things he does for you to make you smile .
whether it be more of the same copying him or learning from him and building that in to your own actions
the fact that you 're asking this is awesome .
just keep asking yourself this and look at things you think about and how you can make him smile !
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
uk does n't even have a foundation year or such so it 's straight to useful topics .
consistently coming out to clearly make the other wrestler look good
that 's a majorly important skill she 's honing that will eventually be part of a wider set that includes making herself look good too .
she looks like she 's improving consistently and all it 'll take to turn her around is a 'shock win ' and then she 's on her way putting some wins together to show that all those losses meant something along the way .
nekem is volt anno alkesz tanárom valszeg törvényszerū a magyar társadalomban népszerū alkoholizmus és a magyar tanári életpálya metszeteként .
i was going to ask what a sigma male is .
then remember a friend getting mad and calling himself an alpha male .
then i realized i can give two shits what a sigma male is and why i stopped talking to that friend .
go to a doctor never ask redditt for medical issues
people act like looks do n't matter but that could not be further from the truth .
at this point i do n't actually know a modder that does n't have a patreon so they definitely get paid maybe not a lot idk but people definitely pay for that content too
guys night surprising lack of midnight he 'd prob be the one to make it a thing
i gotcha will talk to a lawyer on monday .
thr little help you gave me was helpful as i feel like my mother feels my concerns are invalid .
just showing her that someone else has the same concerns is very helpful .
this means as a fan community we 've loved the album for a whole 2 years !
too much cool cgi in this one gon na have to shorten it ''
maybe to adjust the size but there 's no other option for the model
account must be older than 6 weeks old to post
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nftgiveaway if you have any questions or concerns .
however walking meditation and also doing other things mindfully is definitively a thing e.g .
here is what thich nhath hanh said about it https youtu.be/90pzn6nk4vq
even just cutting your lawn or taking the garbage out can be a practice of mindfullness .
just give it your full undivided attention and make it the one thing you really do at that moment .
i am shocked at the number of people casually telling me to be open about it in arranged marriage .
sure i 've made a post in r/selfharm as well .
all three of my crushes happened quite close together but after the last one i just got tired and never developed any crush ever again .
of course part of it is due to me being a shut in and do n't really like to go out often other reason being i purposely distance myself if i ever started have weird feeling for someone .
overbrushing more than 3 times per day can damage teeth especially if you 're not using a soft bristled toothbrush and toothpaste with low abrasiveness .
and guy on guy is kinda hot ngl 🥴 but do i desire to be with a woman for the rest of my life over a man ?
i want my long term partner marriage partner to be a man .
i would think this goes for most men as well but i could be wrong .
i scurry in all scared and end up most times shot to bits in minutes .
you just run in and punch them steal a gun and still prefer to punch them prior to shooting them .
awesome technique and now i 've got ta try it lol 😂
she has a fair share of culpability hence where was her empathy to others ?
the sliver lining is that shes alive while the others werent
i suffer because of this illness every damn day when i 'm not manic and out destroying my life i 'm generally depressed even with meds .
i have 2 close friends with bipolar ii and one is regularly stable .
both types are completely unpredictable from person to person .
siempre está bien aceptar críticas constructivas nos ayudan a todos a mejorar .
no sé si lo del chat iba por mí o por otra persona pero si es por mí como soy nueva y aún no acabo de pillar cómo va esto igual no me he enterado de que me has escrito .
the survey asks separately for which books you 've bought physically and which you 've bought digitally but dose not ask separately for usage .
any use of non-srd content from those books is usage of those books whether you get it in book form or not .
you cant really borrow a pdf and wotc does n't release 5e books as pdfs so any 5e pdf book someone 's used is gained via illegitimate means .
there 's also sites-who-shall-not-be-named where one can access all of the info from a book much like one would with dndbeyond that is also using a books contents via illegitimate means .
there 's also mods for various vtts that can get you access to book content without actually purchasing the content once again this is also illegitimate acquisition of book content .
all of that counts as using a book without buying it .
your submission was automatically removed because redgifs.com is not an approved site .
imgur and kum.com are also non spammy image hosts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gifsgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
the current president of my country portugal is loved by the majority of people .
yeah why would i want to interact with players in a multiplayer game .
have no clue but they 're gon na get allot of abused warthunder players calling asking for therapy pre soon 😂
left my family 17 years ago and nobody really cared .
since then i have bought a house raised a family enjoy the people i live around .
all i can suggest is set a goal and focus on it .
second i just got my first tattoo for similar reasons .
its not exactly what i wanted but its growing on me .
like a leather jacket our bodies tell a srory of time .
your tattoos are milestones of that passing time which means hypothetically all tattoos have at least that bare minimum of meaning .
i do n't think that it matters what the definition of emotional cheating is .
your bf is lying to you — either because he 's trying to hide something or because you 're excessively insecure and he 's tired of justifying every thing you might interpret as cheating .
what 's there to stick around for in this relationship if there 's no trust ?
i have no idea if he 's cheating on you or not .
but if you do n't feel like you can trust him why are you still with him ?
how does it feel to be alike louis litt ?
like dope it looks cool but that 's not what i want the fans for haha
warning do not work with u x2py or u fqmz they 're using a bot to scam users on the subreddit via direct message and chat .
if you get a dm from this user use the report button to report it as spam .
hello and thanks for posting in r/slavelabour and being part of reddit 's side hustle community !
we are incredibly happy to have you here and hope you enjoy your time !
if you need some help navigating the community check out the official guide which has n't been written yet .
https www.reddit.com/r/slavelabour/wiki/index where we teach you all the ins ' and outs ' of the community .
if you 're a regular user of this subreddit and would like to write the wiki article while being credited for the work message the moderators .
do n't forget to look at our rules either !
it 's important you read them to avoid getting a stanky ban for something you did n't mean to do !
the rules https www.reddit.com/r/slavelabour/wiki/rules make sure to use this list as it 's the full list that you wo n't see on mobile .
we love each and every one of you as long as you 're not scammers ⩺_⩹ and hope you enjoy the vibes !
but to help you with scammers we have some helpful advice .
it 's the safest way to work on slavelabour .
if someone ca n't or wo n't comment on your post do not work with them and report them to moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fslavelabour rule 11 fights scammers by requiring them to comment on your post before contacting you .
scammers that we have already banned ca n't comment .
it 's one of the easiest ways to check for a scam .
there are active scammers here that will dm you without commenting and tell you they can complete the work and ask for payment upfront .
as simple as it sounds anyone on the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com is clearly labeled in your browser as a scammer .
https i.gyazo.com/08d01d4babc58455e0fa9637f5627e5d.png you can download reddit scam labeler for chrome here .
https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reddit-scammer-labeler/pimdepbkfokgeadmhmhfpapfdbodadlg or you can download it for mozilla firefox here https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/reddit-shopping-tool
if you have suggestions on how to improve this message please message moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slavelabour if you have any questions or concerns .
flag flies over the enemy 's flight or graves from the battle .
god will give us victory in battles just like this one for our flag to fly over .
it does get a touch more abstract especially in last verse .
but it 's still primarily about a specific flag on a specific battlefield .
realizing i was in agonizing pain and i was n't allowed morphine
i am not arguing that red ventures are well within their rights to do whatever they will with it .
they could delete all of it to save hard drive space and nobody could really much about it .
this is more a plea i just want to watch those old videos and it sucks having to shell out 5 a month to watch what is essentially a decade old youtube videos .
i 'm sure this has to be a glitch in the game .
as a rough estimate for a global figure i 'd say that the ratio is something around 1 in 40 spending at least some of their life in a form of military .
some of the countries are relatively peaceful and do n't get involved in much conflict beyond dealing with monstrous threats from time to time i 'd say those ones have maybe 10-15 of their population actively working as some form of military/navy .
two of the countries are constantly at war and so they have much larger numbers being conscripted into the military one of those countries has around 35-40 of their population acting in a military capacity and the other nation has almost half of their people involved in the conflict .
for one of those two nations it is mandatory for all nobility to register into the military
there 's also a small country in the world which despite not being involved in much conflict has a vast number of people that are trained in naval warfare and they spend the majority of their time aboard their large fleet .
that country easily has 60 or more of it 's population active and out at sea .
sorry your submission has been removed as it is not an approved domain and also due to excessive spam from other sources .
if this message is in error please contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/masonmoore if you have any questions or concerns .
generally get excellent results within 12-16 weeks even with severe cases .
and when somebody mentions happy hanukkah before saying merry christmas that just rally makes their anti-semitic gears go round .
my biggest take away from this episode and the campbell presser from a couple days ago was how much everyone cares about this team now the players the rookies the coaches and all the way to shelia .
i ca n't shake the feeling that we are bout to win a bunch of games .
we have more then enough nobodys in the other groups that will get clapped but at least adam and himuro should be somewhat evenly matched i think .
i swear to god there are like 2-3 atp tournaments each year not covered on tennis channel and andy murray plays in all of them .
it appears comcast is offering metro ethernet to consumers for a modest price so they can advertise they have the fastest residential service in the us .
plus you also get two static ipv4 addresses and two static 48 blocks too right ?
just to get static ip addresses i would need business class service from fios which is 250 for 1 gbit .
blame it on their label big hit that they did n't allow them in the past releasing solo stuff officially with full promo .
the company only agreed for them to release free to download 80 self made and produced mixtapes on spotify and soundcloud .
the rap line actually has quite large solo body of work .
anyhow j-hope has over 10m followers on spotify and he has the most monthly listeners in us .
sure if every journey made by everyone in the country was a twenty miler carrying tools which definitely https www.boilers-on-a-bike.co.uk ca n't be done obviously https www.thecyclingsparks.co.uk but they 're not are they ?
if more people used their cars less there 'd be less traffic holding up people like you .
instead some people drive less than half a mile to buy a pint of milk which definitely could be walked .
where else would you have that at a workplace cafeteria .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
everytime i put two hot pockets in the microwave it only targets one and i have to separate the cold one and do it all over again
yeah this account is going right into res never to be seen again .
i had a sort of similar situation once except the guy was also drunk and the woman had fallen down in a crosswalk so she was in the street rather than beside it .
i ended up not calling anyone because it seemed like they knew each other and i did n't want to saddle them with a huge medical bill if an ambulance responded or the risk of being shot if police did .
it 's been years and i still wonder if that was the right decision .
the constitution is just something you guys take under advisement now is it
i found it fun gave a chance to get lucky and get a big kill streak to get a perk you never would have been able to get otherwise .
i was middling 25 yr old player at the time .
ah yes the reverse last of us 2 haters .
its not the old version anymore where you can dash in 1vs8 and come out alive easily .
now you are nuked down hard if you are reckless .
so mellee have to wait for the right time to engage .
we 've had that top 6 for the first time in 3 years this season
margaret mccuaig-johnston a former senior official at the natural sciences and engineering research council said canadians should not overlook huawei 's ties to the chinese military .
our scientists and engineers must recognize that huawei is an important partner in developing china 's military technologies and the people 's liberation army is not our friend she said .
ms. mccuaig-johnston a senior fellow with the graduate school of public and international affairs at the university of ottawa said she expects other telecommunication equipment makers that are not banned from 5g networks such as ericsson nokia and samsung might begin to displace huawei in funding canadian university research .
alex wellstead communications director for innovation minister françois-philippe champagne said the government has recently set out national-security guidelines for research partnerships for universities and granting agencies .
researchers applying for grants through the natural sciences and engineering research council will now have to complete a comprehensive security risk assessment .
any project assessed to be higher risk will undergo a review by canadian security agencies and a team of scientists .
if judged to be too high a risk the research will not receive government funding .
in 2020 csis warned the country 's universities and research institutions that beijing is using academic recruitment programs such as its thousand talents plan to attract scientists to china in hopes of obtaining cutting-edge science and technology for economic and military advantage .
the u.s. government is creating regulations that would limit research partnerships and other agreements universities have with china .
universities that fail to comply with those rules risk losing defence department funding .
in may 2021 the globe reported on the university of alberta 's extensive scientific collaboration with china which involves sharing and transferring research in strategically important areas such as nanotechnology biotechnology and artificial intelligence .
soon after the alberta government ordered its four major universities to suspend the pursuit of new partnerships with individuals or organizations linked to the chinese government or the communist party .
the institutions are required to provide reports to the province outlining all relationships with china .
btw this https bgm.tv/anime/browser/airtime/2022-4 ? sort=rank is how spring 2022 animes are performing on bangumi china 's mal but their ratings are generally more reflective than other chinese sites now
8 ginga eiyuu densetsu die neue these gekitotsu 7.6 873
and those people are like 'man i got ripped off ' .
i do n't want to pull for yelan because i already have c6 and mid cons barb and mid cons noelle .
would it be likely for yelans rerun to have newer 4 i do n't have c4 already ?
no he buffs god ki om z ability and blue god ki units on his zenkai boost
yeah i 'd always wanted to leave this place and move somewhere else but for some reason she kept insisting we stay .
i thought it was just because our parents were here but maybe this.. was part of the reason too .
i 'll be glad to get the hell out .
i 'm pretty sure for ramming or ship collisions the ship kits registered properly pre update 12 cobra 3 anyways .
this has been said already but i highly agree with it so i 'm going to say it again .
i do n't personally relate to aang 's grief as a character .
there was little buildup of aang 's relationship with the monks before his reaction to the genocide .
i could n't bring myself to connect with him because it was too underdeveloped for me to feel a true connection to it as someone who could only view it from the sidelines .
there was little description of his life as a monk or the life of the monks as a whole even after the fact apart from what was told .
i 'm in the school of show do n't tell '' and more scenes of the air nomads ' lives being shown to me would help me feel more of a connection to them as a people .
having these things revealed after the fact heightens the impact of certain relevant scenes pertaining to them upon re-watch .
if i had a better glimpse into the lives of the monks i would definitely feel his pain upon the re-watch but it just was n't there .
i felt bad for his realization about the death of gyatso because that was the only monk i got to connect with .
the other elders were n't painted in a very good light and neither were the children .
had the series shown more of aang 's life as a monk we would 've been able to see why he was so close to them and why he valued his culture so much .
it 's obvious to a blind viewer why someone like aang would be devoted to his culture but we never truly got to see the influence of his culture on his person firsthand .
the air nomads were critically underdeveloped in comparison to iroh who we had grown to love and respect by the point in the story he mourns his loss .
that 's one of the problems i have with the show personally .
i do n't connect to aang as a character .
while it 's obvious he 's a very bubbly and cheerful person we know his pain has shaped some aspects of who he is but we do n't get to see how .
that 's one of the things this show handles poorly in my opinion for a piece of work that 's otherwise fantastic .
i 'm sorry if i ca n't explain this well i 'm a bit drunk rn so it 's hard to put my thoughts together haha but i hope you get what i mean .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/bs3hcu4x0l491.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
the problem is not getting barca to sell it 's convincing de jong to come .
but why would he want to make someone better who does n't believe in him or hates him ?
would you want to help someone who hated you ?
i 'll look for the journal article when i 'm not work .
let 's see if he comes up with better suggestions than the ones he shared on elden ring builds lol
sports handcuffs i use them on ankles and wrists with climbing ropes to link them to the bed 's corners or some specific attachements i 've added within the bed frame .
follow christ study the bible and go to church for sermons and to have fellowship with christians .
i am nondenominational because i just find denominations '' to get in the way of my relationship with jesus christ .
both the old testament and the new testament are important .
the old testament applies except for when superseded by the new testament .
you also need to shuffle your weight around with you arms .
makes you look like you might arbitrat dat ass .
very serious in bird law and bull horn instructional horn licensing as well .
cali continues to keep baffling the portland hitters as they still have trouble hitting the ball off the ground when they do make contact .
powers sends a routine grounder to 2nd that matty scoops and fling it to first for out 1 .
posts must start with the proper resolution followed by the title e.g .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallpaper if you have any questions or concerns .
story was ok i just skipped through all the dialog .
i 'm lvl 60 paragon 15 and now i just grind for gear and gems .
i enjoy the grind and seeing a legendary that i 've been grinding for feels good
i only go down on the boss areas depending on which mission it is .
i still do a good job of reviving and hitting combos .
also them can i get a half gram pweeeaassee🥺🥺also can you deliver it it 's only 50 minutes away uwu also when you 're there i 'll forget where i put my phone so you can wait another 20 minutes while i fuck around like a retard !
his family is from argentina which might be concerning if he were n't jewish .
we had a contentious introduction he head-butted me in my legs .
his favorite weapon is a shiv made from a kebab knife for the irony .
he 's carved abandon all hope ye who enter here above his enclosure .
he can bench 350 and wishes a mu'fucka would try to tie him to a railroad track .
he claims his mom was the model for the cover of slipknot 's album iowa .
his favorite band is royal blood he loves the song honeybrains .
stands for in current vernacular and now he shouts goat almost every time i drive past his house not about me in his mind he 's the goat .
when he thinks no one can see him werner dances to big-band swing music and he 's quite good and graceful if i 'm being honest .
we share an obsession for popeyes ' spicy chicken sandwiches mac n cheese and frozen strawberry lemonade .
better chance of barricading yourself until daytime when they 're move vulnerable because there are more people out and about .
tv show miniseries set in a feudal kingdom shortly after the previous king passed of old age .
passing at the age of almost 800 he was believed to have found divinity in being a glorious and fair ruler .
over the course of the series you find out that he was quite the opposite having made deals with nefarious sources for his power including human sacrifice .
all told from the pov of one of his sons as he and his siblings are fighting for the throne .
i mean the northern lights are lights from god 's throne being reflected ?
there 's many sites not only one and i doubt everyone will just risk being banned
me too but the face is worth a thousand words
i had lots of persistent pain after both my ers and after some pelvics exams and much gaslighting from my doctors my ob thinks i just have a low pain tolerance and take a long time to heal after retrieval .
mine was right around my cervix where the needle went in .
i have a quick question regarding the math and chemistry diagnostic tests and if i am required to take one or both .
for context i am an incoming pre-psychology transfer student .
i tried finding the answer online but everywhere i look is not very clear on majors that are required to take the math and chemistry diagnostic tests so any help will be greatly appreciated .
pretty much everyone has brought it up to my brother that he is really rude to all of us and is only in a good mood on his terms .
my parents have suggested therapy even couples therapy for him and his wife and my brother retorts with therapy is bullshit '' .
i do n't agree with how he acts nor do i agree with how my parents choose to ignore it most of the time .
but its family and i still live at home so its hard for me to ignore for the next year and a half that i 'll be living here .
i do n't wan na leave my boyfriend over this i feel like it would be a stupid reason but i do n't know how to respectfully tell my parents that my boyfriend is allowed to not like my brother and is allowed to decline an invitation to our family vacation .
submissions must start with either nrp nri nrn or nrb and include some words .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nribeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
yup its why they are so brazen that and they are owned
they gave their reasons for banning iteration over either of the delve spells .
pioneer is currently the only major format where cruise and dtt are still legal and they want to try and keep it that way so that pioneer has a unique identity .
pioneer has less cheap cantrips than other formats and no fetch lands to help fuel them either so they 're not as egregious in pioneer as they were in other eternal formats .
iteration does n't need any setup or any help it 's just 90 of the time a straight up two-mana divination that also includes card selection on top of that .
we 're still prototyping so trying to learn and soak in as much as possible
heavyyy on the antibiotics for a while since i have lyme disease ... it 's only made this absolutely awful for my gut and the more i 've been on them the more i disassociate .
anyway how low iq are you that such a thing is the first to come to mind ?
i have to believe that 's supposed to be a poppy pod but that does n't make it okay
join the official tarkov discord you can find the link through the google search .
in a reply to someone else you said you live with your parents put gas in there 's and drive .
and come on now you 're worried about safety while in illegal life pro tips sub wondering how to rip people off because you 're lazy .
there is just one difficult trophy finishing the game on death march difficulty but if you do that in ng it 's a breeze .
it 's definitely more time consuming than average game but i 've enjoyed every second of it .
if you are gon na go for platinum expect around 100hrs of playtime .
that is how much money banks lend people to buy houses .
no as long as you 're updated to 1.19.0 you have all the wild update release content .
the experimental setting is n't needed and may not do anything currently beyond flagging the world as experimental .
i had a nightmare a few months ago where my university was under attack by voldemort and i was running around trying to gather the teachers to fight just like the last harry potter except my physics teacher told me i had to retake an exam i studied communications and arts by the way .
so there i was sitting in a classroom doing an exam while all my friends had really cool wizard battles against the forces of evil .
i still do n't know what brought that dream up ...
definitely not enough information i feel like i 'm looking at a stereotypical caricature .
edit i 'm no alt anyone with a braincell can see that lol
waaaaah one of the major sports leagues is n't exclusively catering to my timezone waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 👶
yes but working on old inappropriately touched bikes can be a pain in the ass and it might not be worth it to them if they have enough volume of easy jobs
the roofs only repairable if you want it enough sir !
removed all pictures like all looking for ... '' posts must have your actual age in the title that way if anyone who 's not a part of the scene stumbles across the sub they can see everything is 18 .
you can repost but with your age in please .
get the big ones or quenchers off amazon it 's a lil more appealing
yuta and hobbs having a full five minute conversation in the corner
this point is specific but important although he has graduated medical school and is a physician i would n't say he was practicing medicine when he took that year off as he was not yet a resident .
i believe he was acting as an orderly at the long term care facility .
now he will be completing a residency program and will practice medicine during that .
oh yeah they 'll lose a shitton of long-term users if they kill of old.reddit .
it 's the only sane way to view the site in a browser old reddit enhancement suite .
wait but how badly is that question phrased tho ? ?
did you stop or start doing that thats a big difference ?
if you stop there and you 're asked to move and you do n't then yes .
in nearly every one of the united states as long as it 's posted it 's entirely a towable offense .
once they ban menthols it 's over with for them
there is n't a single x86 board made today that does n't have at least 1 nic on board .
to be frank it does n't look as good as this pic when you 're in liurnia limgrave due to the lighting and surrounding colors .
that 's why i took the pic in the rykard room .
breastfeeding has gotten a whole lot easier for women than when i was in college in the 90 's .
many companies have lactating rooms just for the sole purpose of pumping .
in fact in some areas there area laws requiring such a room in businesses for their employees .
remember when everyone was ok with how bad the fingerprint sensor was when google told them it was due to enhanced security algorithms https twitter.com/madebygoogle/status/1457043416139898881 '' ?
hate speech laws and a strong monarch are inherently good things
i get your point but let 's be real there are plenty of legally present prospective immigrants who have nothing back in their home countries .
legal immigrants are not your stereotypical rich chinese or arabic immigrants that ride around lamborghini and crash it next day .
the idea behind ubi is that you wo n't starve or be homeless .
if you want extra you need to contribute to society .
if they 're good you 'll make money and be able to get a nicer house clothes car etc .
if they 're trash you wo n't but at least you wo n't be homeless or need to beg on the street to eat .
but more importantly if you 're an amazing author you will be able to take time to actually write those books because you 'll have a house and food instead of needing to work 60 hours a week at a shitty job and then not have the energy to actually write .
hard to start a business from scratch if youre risking your family 's livelihood to do so
whoa thanks for taking the time to write this .
do you have any tips for narrowing down who tips/rates and who does n't ?
i 've read a bit about making notes on addresses in google maps but if i do 7 orders in a day and they do n't tip/rate for a few days after how do you know who 's who ?
towers have a cooldown before they can be alch buffed again
frlegendshub.com https www.frlegendshub.com largest and fastest growing fan-run community with all of the latest news livery codes and coolest features to date !
fr legends hub discord https discord.gg/mqedqj3hat speak directly to the staff and members of fr legends hub !
fr legends livery group facebook https www.facebook.com/groups/520884292110533 dedicated to actively sharing liveries
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/frlegends if you have any questions or concerns .
so i was expecting you to provide some specific cases .
since you did n't do that i did some research of my own .
turns out there have been exactly two instances of fully automatic weapons being used in the commission of crimes since the 1986 legislation .
one of those the north hollywood shootout that i was referring to had weapons that were converted to fully automatic not purchased fully automatic .
the other was a murder-for-hire committed by a police officer .
if you 'd like to provide a link to that fbi i 'm willing to consider your point .
that 's kinda odd is it the equivalent of our parents hearing us play rage years back and cringing ?
separately if you wan na really embarrass them play limp bizkit .
if this submission makes you go hol'up '' upvote this comment !
if this submission does not make you go hol'up '' downvote this comment !
whilst you 're here u/onearchedeyebrow why not join our public discord server https discord.gg/holup or play on our public minecraft server https discord.gg/dtqsds8c3t ?
he does have two beds in the house so we 'll give this a try for sure !
actually go talk to a therapist your post history is just asking this same question over i seriously hope this is just some 12 year old trying to troll .
even though bricklink and brickowl are vastly similar sites ?
you 'd think theyd fight each other if that was the problem .
may i join i may not be new but i have a low level character i can go a level 6 or 11
and what will you do when the uk immediately followed by the us declare war on the independent '' republics of donetsk and luhansk ?
murdering men who are protected by the geneva convention .
you 'd have us right on your border and in a fully justifiable fury .
since they 're independent we 'd remove their militaries and governments .
then hand them back to the country they belong to .
i get the rule but steph jumped forward a whole square of the parquet .
mine was positive for mrsa your results look fairly normal as others have said
not everyone is a sports illustrated swimsuit model and guess who decides who is and who is n't ?
there 's a reason they do n't call it jordan peterson magazine .
op is trying to say the cat caused this to happen .
but 100000 a person spun that really fast while a cat was laying on it and then filmed it .
why would you wan na ruin the dynamics of your friendship ?
this sub is pathetic i wish it was n't on the popular page so much .
you have a lamp tools and a question mark .
it 's looks like you may have changed or are ready to change the lamp holder with switch .
it seems like you have not attempted to structure your post title to classify your question 's level and discipline/topic enclosed with square brackets as a title prefix .
as level physics light search term inquiry ca n't get more than 77 help ?
examples|**square brackets is being used at prefix must topic optional clear question
includes syllabus gce 'o ' level calculus differentiation how to differentiate e ?
ap english essay writing should all adverts be factual ?
includes grade grade 8 algebra complete the square how to factorise ax 2 bx+c ?
grade/level is not specific enough high school math what is my qs ?
what is your question ? grade 8 algebra helpppp !
classify your question with square brackets q what is my question ?
there is no fixed list of standardised grades disciplines or topics .
as long as you have tried your best to structure your post title to keep things organised in the following format level/syllabus discipline and/or topic question ?
please delete this post and i am excited to receive your question again with everything well formulated and in compliance with our subreddit rules reddit rules and its t c .
pro-tip attempt to edit this post to extract the description so you do not have to re-write everything all over again.
do read up our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/homeworkhelp/about/rules so you are cognizant of how things work here !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homeworkhelp if you have any questions or concerns .
round symmetric track and presence of claws distinguish it from a cougar .
i just built an ar-10 because i found a deal on a charging handle .
u need actual medical attention we ca n't help but tell u that
my beard fears this but i want it so bad lol .
too long did n't read but it 's probably mostly nonsense there 's no way you 're capable of a real battle with me .
i took a peak at your profile it 's all silly stuff it would n't be competitive given my education
anyone know if the watch 5 will use the same chip as the 4 ?
thought this was a joke i had no idea this happened .
i know i 'm necro-ing an old thread but i just wanted to say it would be amazing if this parrying functionality minus the magic effects were available as a separate mod for those of us that do n't use magic and will forget to meditate '' before battle .
when will celebrities using that term loosely with them learn nobody wants an app from them truly
i read it as andrea the girls name in my own voice and was like who the fuck is andrea lol
fleshlights or 'artificial vaginas ' is not https www.sciencedirect.com/topics/agricultural-and-biological-sciences/electroejaculation the only way they collect semen from horses .
this https www.sciencedirect.com/topics/agricultural-and-biological-sciences/electroejaculation sounds like it could be fun ...
it 's easier to clown on a truly terrible movie than a generic one .
thor 4 and black adam will both be mediocre at worst
starlight by chani from sf9 true beauty and dawon also from sf9 has a cameo in the show seriously i think he only has one line but still !
absolutely insane ime just decided he 'd rather lose the lead than a time out .
why do n't you want a better life for yourself ?
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/maau/comments/v86ag0/lo_vi_por_aqui_y_se_me_antojó_hacer_un_dub 32 32
you are really insistent that you 've done nothing wrong .
but you 've been reported multiple times by multiple different people .
and you have a story in your post history which despite your evasive language and self-deprecation amounts to you grooming a 16 year old when you were 27 or so .
maybe take a look in the mirror and realize you may be in the wrong more often than you think .
none make you less ugly because you are n't ugly to begin with !
fuck the dude in the blue jacket i still would 've beaten his ass if i were there
this play is basically the coleman kick '' but defensively .
there 's no way this should have been a good goal .
i tend to snipe the aramaic-related questions over there when i see them .
is everybody missing the part where he was opening the door with a knife in his hand ?
it 's supposed to be a good massage with a bonus finish not an expensive handjob with a half hearted token back rub .
did you took the shoe off immediately before taking this picture ?
it could just be sweat caught in the leather it will dry
bro has is horford dropping on this pick and roll against curry lol .
better to punish 96 innocents than let 4 guilty people off amirite ?
if this is a post about canadian taxes checkout our sister sub r/cantax .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tax if you have any questions or concerns .
oat milk mocha syrup that gay enough for ya ?
not to mention they all have notoriously horrific memories .
like ca n't remember that they told you something 65 times already word for word .
but yes i 'm sure your accounts of a pregnancy from 40 years ago are super accurate .
back when gamestop unofficially babysat all the kids at the mall while the moms shopped and dads sat on a bench miserable .
i have some from when i pulled old bathroom mirrors off of the wall .
have n't used them since but they 're still hanging around for someday .
your comment was automatically removed because you linked to reddit without using the no-participation '' np. domain .
links should be of the form np.reddit.com '' or np.redd.it '' .
general links to other subreddits should take the simple form r/catholicism .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/catholicism if you have any questions or concerns .
but my argument is that someone can make changes to their own belief system and become less of a pos .
positive change is what matters not some video he made in 2015 with a bad take .
anyone excited that weezer is gon na be in sonic frontiers
he could and should lose his license to practice .
which is the height of irony considering brittney griner 's current situation .
to z rmf24 z dezercjami w tytule oparte jest na artykule z the independent '' .
może i jest to prawda ale gdy chodzi o ukrainę to ja jednak mam spory problem z zaufaniem gazecie której właścicielem jest syn rosyjskiego oligarchy byłego oficera kgb .
even as a kid i did n't mind waiting in the lines for disney because for the most part the parks were so well designed that it gives you time to just stop and enjoy the immersion .
animal kingdom and typhoon lagoon had the best lines so much lush vegetation and great views .
eventually i will but i have other things i want to do and this will be a pain to replace especially since i ca n't shut off water at the valve..lol catch 22 there .
if you fail to change your behavior to suit a changing environment your odds of survival are going to decrease .
child abuse or child maltreatment/neglect is something for the courts of law or legislation to define and furthermore in most countries that i am aware of child abuse claims are the province of courts of law or the state/government .
therefore in my opinion if richard dawkins actually made the allegations as the op claimed he should have taken it up with the proper authorities if he wanted his alleged accusation to be taken seriously .
but as far as i am aware dawkins has not taken his supposed claim to court in his country nor mine or any other for that matter so there is therefore no compelling reason for me to respond any further to richard dawkins 's alleged claims on the issue .
dawkins is entitled to whatever opinion he has on the issue but only legislation gets to mandate what is to be legally considered child abuse .
as a donor conceived person i have no issue with andy 's kids using his embryos provided they have full information about their genetic donors .
the reason anonymous donation may become illegal in america as it is in some places around the world is because it is deeply unethical .
every child deserves to know their full medical history as well as who else they may be related to .
anonymous donation places the desires of parents over the rights of donor conceived people .
my nvda 200 june 15 calls that i picked up yesterday are not looking good right now .
but there is profit in remission and seeing it stay that way .
we fixed the problems but theres still more to do and if you do n't keep us in power the other side will just undo what we 've done . ''
as a royals fan i just want to win for once .
i wish character creators had more bear and soft body types .
you 're not experienced enough to understand or apply what you read so your advice is n't helpful .
he 's well above average with the ability to be better than he is right now .
so again to answer your initial question not concerned in the slightest .
tough to watch when he 's going through it because of expectations ?
but cant cope with the fast release of new/recolor switches .
i also have bento trad and joined mw voynich .
the celtics were bullying the warriors with looney on the floor tho .
i would never have seen this thank you so much
and she hilariously acted all of those scenes looking super nervous and out of place like they wanted the audience to know that she was 3 seconds away from getting caught at all times because she could n't be discrete .
the demographic is an indirectly understood part of the discussion no ... ?
i am going to assume that you are unaware that the minimum wage and overtime were created by the fair labor standards act https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fair_labor_standards_act_of_1938 in 1938 the same legislation that stopped child labor .
so i 'm not entirely sure what you mean by working outside the system '' when the very thing we 're talking about was established by the system .
it 's not like all of the companies in the country got together and just agreed to give weekends off and pay overtime if they go over 40 hours a week .
there 's a federal law they have to obey .
fdr the president who signed this into law said this
in my inaugural i laid down the simple proposition that nobody is going to starve in this country .
it seems to me to be equally plain that no business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country .
i 'm super allergic to cats and taking it 30-40 mins before seeing cats does wonders to me .
i can even play with them and only sneeze a couple times whereas normally i 'd be dying just sitting in a room where a cat have been a few hours earlier .
taken a few hours before seeing cats it wo n't work .
the drug i take contains cetirizine and pseudoephedrine released gradually .
this combo works for me whereas separated the substances do n't really do me much difference .
maybe try to take your meds at a different time or take something else with cetirizine .
if neither of these work i 'd see a doctor and try to get something stronger prescribed .
it does not give access to your proton.me account .
seriously do you guys even test anything before you ask ?
enable two password mode heck throw in 2fa as well .
then try to recover or login ti your account .
the mailbox password is needed tod ecrypt all data in the account .
the only way around it is to reset everything which requires a recovery option that should n't be connected to your tv .
you 're the only one who can decide what is right for you regarding this pregnancy but i 'd encourage you to consider if this is really a healthy relationship for you .
kicking the can two years down the road is a stalling tactic .
especially if he 's only communicated this intended '' timeline since you found out about the pregnancy .
master plan part 3 is all about achieving very large scale .
in order to shift the entire energy infrastructure and transport infrastructure of earth there has to be a very high scale .
we have to ask what is the actual tonnage ?
if we work backward from let 's say about 300 twh of installed capacity in vehicles and stationary battery packs then how do you achieve that tonnage from a mining and refining standpoint but also do so in a sustainable way.
we are just seeing the start endgame is going to be awesome with tesla as the largest company on this beautiful earth .
that was extremely insensitive of your sister to do that especially without even at least telling you in advance ? ? ?
even then it would still be shitty but good grief how did she expect you to react ?
lol who the heck suddenly brings out that thing when talking about vtubers ?
i 've never heard someone brings out japanese war crime when talking about japanese vtubers .
that topics has its own place to discuss unless it is 4chan or something similar
i solely used rock sling on every single one of them tbh .
make sure you 're adequately leveled use a decent talisman/cerulean tear setup and only cast using meteorite staff
the amount of whispers she got when she talked in vent was crazy .
she said the reason she liked me was that i treated her like a gamer not a girl .
jon favreau and dave filoni showrunners called me and they told me that they would be bridging seasons two and three with the book of boba fett as far as mandalorian and grogu were concerned .
what i did n't expect is such a beautiful lonely episode that bryce dallas howard directed so incredibly .
and also for the reunion to be precious but also just quite sudden and natural.
with grogu stepping into the fray of the fett finale putting a stop to the rancor 's rampage with his force powers pascal teased a new dynamic for the pair going forward .
that heroic intervention he says reflects the power that grogu is developing starting to ask the question who will be protecting who ?
please keep your posts pertaining to the legend of zelda ocarina of time .
you can just download the db app or even the app of the local public transport in frankfurt rmv and buy the 9€ ticket if you wanted to .
it 's not a fantasy i 'm struggling with my body and when i look at women or trans women who have these incredible bodies it makes the pain worse .
i just want to be a girl and this is 1 of the best options too be able to afford the body i need .
the one guy proved it right then and there .
he got his answer and then his time ended .
he then went on to say how he does n't believe the answer anyway so it does n't matter .
you could tell he just had to get that in there and he could n't let the google dude finish with a reasonable answer .
like what the fuck is the point of any of this then ?
can i offer and do you have any ultra unit 's ?
ah had it mixed up the pre-frontal cortex connects at 25 empathy develops at 15 roughly but childhood empathy slightly exists .
i 'm chinese and can confirm that i 've heard of this before .
my parents also talk about women looking 大方 dafang and 小气 xiaoqi 。usually the actresses casted to be the main characters of dramas look 大方 and the actresses casted to be their servants look 小气。sometimes they would complain that an actress looked 小气 and would be more suited to play the role of a servant .
chinese society was very hierarchical and some of those values have not changed .
i hear there are beings/entities in the aetheric void that are as powerful as the gods .
played around with windows defender first disabling then adding some rules per this thread https www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/forums/discover/264453/windows-defender-blocking-gamestream 5265545 https www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/forums/discover/264453/windows-defender-blocking-gamestream 5265545
edit turned off the fw and all the shiled shows is the pc offline no attempts to connect even after logging out and reconnecting to my nvidia account .
does n't seem to be a way to do it which sucks as it is easier to quickly see upcoming potential support/resistance on just 1 timeframe chart without having to draw them in whilst quickly going through tickers
are n't you after they stood around in uvalde and let children die ?
when i resigned i sent a 6 page letter describing why to each board member naming names and discussing specific issues that would have prevented my departure .
i also invited them all to my exit interview which took almost two hours haha .
luckily i am old enough to understand aka old .
if your post uses an everyone demographic please remember to ensure that your survey really is for anyone and everyone .
certain questions or lack of answers may restrict who can answer like asking for a specific state restricting answers to the us or your gender options being only male or female .
additionally please keep the comments about the survey posted whether talking about content of the survey giving constructive criticism or talking about concerns for the survey in general .
please remember to be civil among other things and do not post your survey in the comments of this post .
users sharing their surveys in an unsolicited fashion who are not authorized by mods and not op to advertise their surveys in the comments of others ' .
and as a gentle reminder if you need to contact the moderators please use the message the mods '' form on the sidebar .
do not contact moderators directly unless they contact you first .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
removing as the comment veers dangerously close to misinformation with your select use of quotations .
yeah and like i said it 's amazing it even boots up much less runs because the intel igpu was never meant to run it .
warzone is gpu intensive and needs a more powerful gpu to run it .
i just looked at a few videos of people trying to use intel graphics and it either does n't let them load into a match or you run 720p at 30fps or less which in warzone is completely unplayable .
could you link this video you 've seen of it actually working ?
i really ca n't believe that a subreddit that praises itself for being socially progressives does n't realize that the series is basically what if right wing conspiracy theories were right and white people was opressed for the non whites that teach them to hate themselves with their evil history class ''
thanks i needed for question this cause i pray to god and jesus but never questioned who is who lol .
i once had a dream when i was trying to be happy in life .
so in the dream jesus buddha and another ascended master named kore wa sensou all sitting on boulders side by side ina river jesus says to me do what you love to do and do it all the time ''
it was so good i followed that advice ever since .
although lakyus herself was rated at 90 evileye was over 150 which was how she had come to the conclusion about the insect maid and jaldabaoth .
and that was also why evileye was not part of this defensive line .
in order to quickly recover her expended mana she had chosen to meditate and rest .
after that she had followed momon to where jaldabaoth was in order to provide support so momon could battle jaldabaoth one-on-one .
their fear was that they would encounter the insect maid again .
volume 13 the paladin of the holy kingdom part ii
the sorcerer king would not be fighting in this battle .
this was both to recover the mana he had expended until now and to account for the case that jaldabaoth 's plan was to make him expend mana here .
remedios had difficulty accepting the first reason since her little sister kelart could restore her mana within a day .
however everybody else felt that the sorcerer king could not be held to the same standards as human beings given that he had taken back the city single-handedly and so remedios said nothing more .
come to think of it there had been priests present as well and they too had agreed with him .
could you do the same for this comment a13h1 ?
you do realize most government are the bad guys do n't you ?
she looks good almost good enough to ... ... ... yeah
could you do the same for this comment fauldsdirtyksi2 ?
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
your post falls into one or more but not necessarily all of the following categories
all posts pertaining to car-buying/renting/leasing/trading/choosing suggestions vehicle reliability/longevity vehicle options or purchase advice should go in the weekly sticky 'd mega thread https www.reddit.com/r/cars/search ? q 22what+car+should 22+author 3aautomoderator restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all at the top of the page or r/whatcarshouldibuy .
you may also get much higher-quality responses by doing research and checking make/model-specific subreddits first .
if you 're shopping for a vehicle through a dealership and would like information on the purchase and negotiation processes you should inquire at r/askcarsales .
all questions about selling your car whether you should fix your car how much it is worth how much you should ask whether you should trade etc .
we have items in the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/cars/wiki/index about car buying https www.reddit.com/r/cars/wiki/whatcarshouldibuy and selling .
please read the rules http www.reddit.com/r/cars/wiki/rules and the chain of action https www.reddit.com/r/cars/wiki/chain_of_action regarding removed submissions and moderator actions before continuing to post .
if you have any questions please read the rules http www.reddit.com/r/cars/wiki/rules first and feel free to message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcars if you still have concerns .
please do not send pms or chat requests to individual moderators .
but what a beautiful memory to be left with .
they should never show it even if we get to see flashforward episodes l hope there are other clever ways of them hiding her head/hair ... like maybe she got so tall that she 's out of frame all the time or just always wearing a different type of hat etc .
what else have you been doing in game in 50 days besides pvp ?
i have 500 hours in game almost entirely playing with the same two other people .
regularly stacking high level emmisary missions and grinding tales towards the gold curse .
as a crew we have just finally gotten to a point where we can hold our own in pvp .
not win just hold people off long enough to sell or for them to lose interest .
and if they board we 're still likely to sink .
most of the people making combat guides and videos on youtube are streamers who play games for a living .
blurbs and phuzzybond are ascended beings unmatched by mere mortals .
some things to remember if you 're coming from cod bullets have travel time and minor physics drop over long distances in sot .
also while this should n't be the case i swear different cannons have slightly different firing arcs due to slightly different location of where the ball fires '' out of the barrel .
does n't corn have pretty much no nutritional value or is that just for humans ?
he seemed pretty insecure on how the special turned out .
this post was removed because the account is too new and/or with too little karma to post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bustypetite if you have any questions or concerns .
i did n't know the 750 was a twin .
i hope you do n't have to do too much to get it running .
looks like it 'll be great for long cruises .
wearing a mask to hide his face i guarantee it .
based on the comments it seems like you deleted a lot of your post .
the uber wealthy deserve to pay obscene amounts of taxes .
the top 1 percent of taxpayers paid a 25.6 percent average individual income tax rate which is more than seven times higher than taxpayers in the bottom 50 percent 3.5 percent . https taxfoundation.org/publications/latest-federal-income-tax-data .
this does n't include state tax property tax capital gains tax sales tax etc ...
the uber wealthy and corporations which they created account for almost all of taxes collected .
at most all companies in the u.s. were created by small groups or individuals with profitable ideas and the luck and know-how to succeed .
but at a certain point of wealth you being taxed 90 does n't actually matter because you still walked away with more money than the average person will see across 15 generations in their family .
since many of them have no income taxing them 100 would net you 0 dollars .
more than 90 of their wealth is locked up in assets like stock homes land etc ... taxing these things has ended poorly for most countries that tried it .
other investors banks etc are who are paying people like musk and bezos and gates .
they take nothing from their customers or their creations .
i wish my range would let me shoot rifle caliber 😕
might be the fastest preorder cancel in history for me
i know as a sub-type one that the skin wo n't be magically healed but definitely can be soothed .
i 'm trying to get some products lined up that hopefully will become hg material-illiyoon ato cream is one of those and now i will be on the lookout for the gel !
and i am super interested to hear how your micro biome healing goes with your new products .
when i was younger i did all the side quests but now that i 'm older and do n't have as much time to play i just want to enjoy the story and finish the game
i would say yes but i 'm not a thief .
they may not have the same level of shame .
also when she smiles but the smile creases dont change .
just straight brown lines no matter how her mouth is shaped .
saying pregnant people '' when discussing all people who have been/are currently/may become pregnant as a singular group instead of pregnant women '' does n't invalidate women collectively or individually any more than saying spouse or significant other '' instead of wives does when discussing who is eligible to share your health benefits offered by your employer .
what both examples do achieve is avoiding the use of language which serves to exclude those who would otherwise qualify as members in the group in question .
you do realize why your currency is called a pound sterling right ?
what you 're describing here is a clear lack of boundaries clear communication and basic respect between family members .
the fact that iris has been able to treat grace like this and that it escalated to this point is beyond unacceptable .
her behavior has needed to be addressed much harsher than it has been .
iris has something going on that 's fueling this anger this is n't normal teenage stuff it 's a problem .
iris needs some form of attention or therapy it 's obvious .
while i do think you are not a total asshole you have not been intervening with grace and iris enough since the get-go .
the ultimatum that iris gave grace should never have been able to happen either .
you said that iris also breaks her father 's things with little consequence ?
that 's a problem and that is not a safe space for your daughter or you .
as a child of divorce myself i am not going to jump to leaving him but i highly recommend therapy or a serious ultimatum of your own .
your marriage needs fixing if you have any hope of helping your family .
he does not respect your daughter and is obviously favoring iris over grace and that needs addressed .
now for the broken glasses grace could not have waited a month and i 'm glad you proved to her that you will protect and vouch for her by taking the money and getting the glasses .
however there should have at least been one more conversation with your husband .
once again there is clear broken communication and trust and that is not sustainable .
you need to find a way to learn to understand each other and iris needs serious help with her anger and her empathy .
please address these problems properly for the sake of everyone but especially grace and yourself .
some dude lost in the land of ice and snow .
also bruce wears glorious pants in the music vid .
because standard english does n't have different singular and plural forms of you and our prof liked us to be specific in our grammar exercises and translations .
he used you all but it 's a useful distinction to have in general and the contracted form sort of wormed its way into my casual speech .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
we encourage you to read our helpful resources on covid-19 vaccines and treatments
a reminder that spreading misinformation regarding covid-19 vaccines or other treatments can result in a post being removed and/or a ban .
advocating for or celebrating the death of anyone or hoping someone gets covid or any disease can also result in a ban .
please use the report button and do not feed the trolls .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/news if you have any questions or concerns .
i echo everything everyone has said about 1 per person and 50-100 sounds more than fair .
i 'd absolutely buy one at that price especially color variant .
this is rad as hell and i hope i can get one !
fedex confirmed the label fell off so the package was effectively lost and wo n't be delivered .
though today the fedex tracking said it was delayed because of weather haha .
fff cs is sending a replacement box though literally all of my add-ons and extra selections are now oos .
i got a refund for the missing items but i 'm still majorly disappointed .
my replacement box is out for shipping but it too seems to be moving slowly .
it 's not in my interest right now but i appreciate your time !
it 's because you are always looking for outside things to make your insides feel better .
start writing all your thoughts down rap or sing if you can and really see what comes out of your deepest darkest thoughts .
things that we ca n't control will never bring happiness because they can be lost in an instant and we all know that deep down and feel that .
learning your brain and your body is huge for happiness !
i do n't rage at games i just get sad
i ca n't wait to put a reflex on it
you say that ... but trump literally talked about selling alaska back to russia .
do you mind sharing what you used for the garnishes ?
lady in the long black dress from sister act .
it 's a really fun campy villain song for three men a bass a tenor and a third who sings entirely with his falsetto .
alternatively the bombastic and sinister a story told '' from the count of monte cristo .
i guess you could have a camera run to a laptop or computer assuming mirrormeister has a pc version and wifi to the tv ... .
i checked on spotify is did n't show up think is drop too early today his album drop tomorrow
a relatively new prius emits 70g co2 per km with fuel consumption of 3l/100km .
nz beef is around 22kg of co2 equivalent per kg produced .
not great but better than a lot of countries .
the prius would be 49kg co2 equivalent for 700km travelled or about 2.2kg of beef .
cutting 200 grams of beef from your diet is n't a bad idea particularly if you 're eating too much but it is n't the equivalent of taking a car off the road in nz .
inacreditável o rc ou não liga do time tomar pressão ou não tem controle do time .
are you implying that colonizing already occupied lands is a morally questionable action ?
for shame america would never do anything bad like invading random countries collapsing governments or attempting genocide .
they give you 5 days of unpaid time off .
they cut out the paid time off because of abuse .
lots of kids from the generation who unironically use the word cringe and are hyper judgmental of other peoples definition of fun .
i would say around the 8 week mark we tried to have a consistent bedtime routine and bedtime .
at that point i was still going to bed when lo went down for the night .
before that was just going with the flow and when i was tired i 'd go to bed and so would lo in the bassinet beside me .
i think too that people are more reluctant to up vote things they like here for some reason maybe internalized/false beliefs about jack 's stance on phones and social media .
like the song discussion posts we did were getting thousands of views very good for this sub and only like 4-8 up votes .
i 've seen so many posts by other people that have like 50 replies everyone 's into it 100 up vote rate but they only have like 4 up votes .
but i think the same people are really quick to down vote anything they disagree with to any degree .
and idk what they found threatening about your post it was just asking a question .
most people probably had no problem with it but when six people down vote it and only 2 up vote it gets hidden .
i do n't know what the big deal is .
up voting something good takes 0 energy and a fraction of a second .
all i can say is your posts are good so try not to take it personally .
the reason eda did n't pull her arm off is because raine pulled it off first .
i already have a reference to this trade in my database .
this either means that you tried to confirm a transaction with the same person on this post already or reddit was having issues earlier and i recorded the transaction but just now got around to replying and updating your flair .
either way both you and your parther 's flairs are all set and no further action is required .
at least tell me that includes a detective thriller or two ?
i 've listened to earnings calls for oil companies they 've flat out said they wo n't be increasing output because it would hurt profits .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
you can use this card name 's 2 effect only once per turn .
1 it gains 600 atk also it can not be destroyed by your opponent 's card effects .
2 if this card is sent to the gy because the monster it was equipped to was destroyed by battle and sent to the gy you can special summon that monster to your field and if you do equip this card to it but banish this card when this card leaves the field .
you can only use this card name 's 1 2 and 3 effects once per turn each .
1 at the end of a damage step you can special summon this card from your hand .
2 you can send 1 trap from your hand or from among face-down cards you control to the gy destroy all other monsters in this card 's column .
3 if this card in the monster zone is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the gy you can target 1 card in your gy roll a six-sided die and if the result is 6 add that card to your hand .
you can only activate 1 card with this card 's name per turn .
1 each player can special summon 1 of their monsters that were destroyed by battle during this turn from their own gy in attack position .
if you special summoned elemental hero neos with this effect during this turn when it battles an opponent 's monster its atk is doubled during the damage step only .
you can only use either this card name 's 1 or 2 effect per turn and only once that turn .
1 target up to 2 spell/traps your opponent controls shuffle 1 morphtronic monster from your hand into the deck and if you do shuffle that card s into the deck .
2 you can banish this card from your gy then target 1 morphtronic monster in your gy or among your banished cards special summon it in defense position .
perhaps it is the previous owner of the house .
however you said that you 've only seen it so i will assume it has not harmed you or moved things around .
if that 's the case it 's probably a residual haunting which is just an echo of a person .
when rooney and goodrow have more ice time than the kid line halfway through the third at home and you have 2 goals in 2 games you 've been seriously out-coached .
do not engage with vendors '' in your dms info about scammers https www.reddit.com/r/weed/wiki/information/scammers
selling or attempting to source drugs is against site-wide terms of service and is an immediate non-reversible permanent ban .
lastly please report any posts/comments that you see breaks the rules .
help keep r/weed a more inviting atmosphere for everyone !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/weed if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah but see the problem is that son 's name is n't ronaldo so
we all go through so many phrases in our lives it 's hard to see outside the box at times .
i was reading through my journals a few weeks ago and i wrote everything .
there were plenty of times i wanted to pull my hair out due to not having sleep .
the whole plan is to keep nuclear weapons out of play .
then their is retaliation retaliation and so on.. putin is stupid enough to put his whole country at stake to save his pride and ego .
it has nothing to do with no one wants to help ukraine
america could easily arm ukraine enough to win against 10:1 odds .
it 's just the matter of hitler decides to drop the big one.. if one nuke ever drops you should panic because between russia and america there will be nothing left.. nothing
i 'm not going to argue with you because it 's a lost cause .
but i am going to say that i recognize that there is a possibility that that the drop in performance grade is solely due to her pregnancy is true .
i would prefer to steer clear of making unsubstantiated damning claims about spf like that on the internet unlike yourself .
income maximisers are a scam unless you have a few million and you 're approaching retirement .
picturing a patient pulling a vaginal pessary out of their mouth like uh wrong hole i think.
lmao there 's a williamson county outside of nashville that is apparently becoming super unaffordable and i know this because i spent an afternoon reading about trends and concerns about williamson county home prices before realizing i was reading about one in tennessee and not texas
i was just checking in to see if anyone else had noticed this .
https www.katc.com/news/covering-louisiana/additional-charges-filed-for-lafayette-man-arrested-in-connection-with-u-s-capitol-breach i ca n't quite tell if it 's the same hair under that cap though .
you can report problems with the new pronoun system to ea .
if throwing metal at them hurts them why is n't law throwing big metal beams at the yonko like he was doing against doffy on the bridge to green bit ?
you might not mean it but it does n't mean the people looking at it do n't mean it .
but of course you would n't want to take responsibility for your own actions
listen im only going off my real life knowledge of ninja and my past experience with versus debating which to be fair is n't much
i 'm glad there 's a plan in action but i would n't rest on your laurels .
continue monitoring your son because that was abuse that he was subjected to .
but i 'm glad your wife is getting therapy !
i know it 's been a while since you posted this comment but i needed to thank you !
for years i did n't know what was wrong with my neck and scrubbed at it until it was raw and painful .
then i heard about acanthosis nigricans and after my doctor said i had no signs of diabetes i pretty much resigned myself to my neck looking that way forever .
even though i stopped with the scrubbing my neck was still one of my big insecurities .
i figured thanks to your comment that i might as well try the isopropyl alcohol it could n't hurt .
well my neck looks normal for the first time that i can remember !
thank you so so much for writing this comment or i might not have heard of this condition for many more years .
based on what you wrote above you describe cpps very well non bacterial prostatitis .
an item is only worth what the market will bear .
after reading the caption i thought the body 's gon na fell down
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
if the man is only interested in transgender women he is straight .
he 's also a chaser but that 's less relevant here .
the paint is showing long live as mountain south it 's a regular wish for elders ' birthday .
in the bottom it means made in jiangxi which province is famous for china products
digital marketing strategist where my job was determining how to orchestrate campaigns across all the various digital channels to achieve client goals .
i had 7 years of post-college experience before i was making 100k
i 'll have to review my insurance plan and dig in with the provider to see what i 'd be able to get covered .
it 's not great insurance but i 'm kind of planning on staying with this company until i retire or die haha .
yo they definitely lost because of the chant 's .
cut your self some slack it was your first time .
but if you want to last longer try edging yourself during m*st*rbat**n. like when you feel you 're about to nut pause for a while .
this practice takes some time but you 'll see results in weeks .
i have all of the fruits the veggies if you need
if that were true why is literally every pro team worldwide strictly male players ?
there 's a lot of gender bias in professional league .
i ca n't remember who the person was that talked about it but some super-high-elo woman talked about how she had gotten rejected from teams because we do n't know how a woman would affect the team house dynamic '' etc .
it 's perceived as a lot safer '' for orgs to go with a male option even if a female one is available .
you wo n't get gender-oriented toxicity toward your team they only picked her for eye candy lawl '' among worse harassment you wo n't have to worry about your pro players misbehaving because suddenly there 's a girl in the midst of a bunch of probably-teenagers etc .
add all that on top of the male-skewed high elo playerbase and it 's really not surprising there 's no female pros .
upon shining my light into the nut it seems like it might have actually hit the top .
i 'll call autozone tomorrow hopefully they rent it .
i 'll try an open ended nut and a bearing if i find it .
i tried using a wrench as spacer but it was n't fat enough .
i would also find a place where i could do pull ups .
hey kids all your friends and classmates are literally evil and will drag you down to hell with them .
dad i do n't think i wan na come back ...
i think he became mayor on that exact platform .
reminds me me a lot of dad and her ldc personality tbh ! !
mine came in earlier today and currently takes up about a third of my full sized bed .
the most dangerous point in a relationship with an abuser is when you try to leave .
plus if you think online dating is so bad then give advice on how to find people a better way not just keep saying it 's a bad way to go about it
rule 4 relevance posts must be relevant to our experiences as women for women or about women .
questions asking for the perspectives of women http www.reddit.com/r/twoxchromosomes/wiki/faq wiki_xy_here.3b_am_i_allowed_to_post.3f are not considered relevant .
well i started with the 48x48 but then my boy graduated from his toddler bed to a twin bed .
so i am adding an extra 6 dino 's and a panel with his name down the center .
i also made a pieced border of vines for the verticals and the other plant for the horizontal border
great so what you 're saying is i have plenty of time to buy more cheap clov !
i got it off amazon because it looked comfy lol .
i can check on the brand when i get home .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/contagiouslaughter/comments/v8jwwb/fantastic_watermelon
all stores have robot checkouts and the 1 cashier that they do have is slow and has the worst people checking out there .
get back to having 5-6 actual cashiers that could move lines .
with 2 seconds left and your up by 2 .
you 're just insulting the other team like wtf do you expect .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please read this post http redd.it/gc2r5o for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sgexams if you have any questions or concerns .
alternative the person in the video is a professional body builder and there is nothing wrong with the cloths pins at all ... ..
you could n't have timed that if you tried lol but that 's hitman for you .
if you are on a municipal water system you probably have a pressure regulator after your main water shutoff valve .
they can make all sorts of sounds including what one might consider whistling .
if you turn off your main water valve and the noise stops that is likely it .
alternatively a hot water heater or boiler has a pressure relief that can whistle and also leak .
those should be replaced regularly and are an important safety device .
they tend to be cylindrical a bit larger than a d-sized battery with a little knob on top that should be loose .
they 've never outright said they were stopping it and never said it will continue so i mean there 's still hope !
they really should though kill off the livechilipeppers website or update it band management that is nugs is n't responsible for that piece except hosting the content
suicide hotline numbers if you or anyone you know are struggling please please reach out for help .
you are worthy you are loved and you will always be able to find assistance .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
and if it was up to me it 'll always be digging in you
fair but their is some joy to be gained in the people that do n't understand that at a certain point your fandom and cheering is only convincing yourself .
and you keep saying that the coder or engineer or whatever has to set the range where it should stop .
the machine itself probably only knows the hardcoded stops as in floor or self collision .
no where in the default programming does it have a half sphere screen or ghost puppet .
the difference between a weld and a robotic arm is the weld has fewer points of failure and are usually designed to carry more than the engineering specification .
or the one where he fell to the floor popped back up and got open .
best route ive ever seen..all jokes aside he 's reeeeal nice
they have a really interesting minivan '' style car that can seat 7 .
and they use the same modular platform to create delivery trucks and pickup trucks .
and it has a cab-forward design so it 's a lot safer and gives better visibility to pedestrians than a traditional suv/truck .
zuckerberg owns 13 ish of facebook but he has 55 of the votes because his shares are extra powerful .
my dog came to me with a toy once !
she spat a life fucking hornet a very confused one into my hand .
all i want is dendro i want baizhu as a playable character and soon
antha hatred enduku ra babai.mana telugu cinema konchem support cheyyandi lekapothe gammuga undandi .
i 'm probably going to get a lot of hate for this but..
the south/csa being the bad guys in the american civil war 1861-1865
there is no greater truth to your question then in the history of the civil war .
the south was a heavy agricultural society that relied on slavery however the average southerner was poor .
nor did any confederate soldiers own slaves they volunteered at first but then eventually conscripted forcefully .
the whole cause of the civil war was not slavery but tarrifs .
slavery was only a small part of the situation because see point 1
they were wealthy plantation owners who did not fight in the war and even black slave owners existed .
confederate soldiers were so poor that they could n't afford guns to fight with and there are stories of soldiers actually using weaponry left over from the war of 1812 that was passed down throughout the family .
but because the union won and industrialized the south they always bring up slavery as the main cause and issue to shift blame .
fun fact racism was still heavily precedent in the north even after the war and lee freed his slaves right after the war but grant did n't free his slaves until much later .
the war is a very complex situation but the north was to blame for the war if they had left the south alone slavery would 've eventually died out .
they the north are even responsible for the rise of the kkk watch birth of a nation by forcing the south to industrialize and adopt all sorts of new laws and trades that the south could n't do economically .
the south did n't want to go to war and was forced to defend itself .
if the south had just surrendered to the north their economy and society would 've been in financial ruin .
the history of the civil war was written by the north as the south had many illiterate people given their lack of education .
there are many many causes of the war the main being the price of cotton .
but the bottom line is that the south was not as slave happy '' as books will tell you nor did they even want to keep slaves .
a lot of southern politicians including jefferson davis the president of the csa lamented slavery and wished they could free them .
and thus the vicious cycle of why did the war start '' blame went to the south .
it was not the south just liked having slaves '' or the south wanted to keep people of color as slaves '' .
but since the north won they get to humiliate and vilify the loser .
more of you get a hug even if you 're a ugly mug .
today i learned that advocating for old people to get their fourth shot wear effective n95 masks and to socially distance delivery pick-up translates into fuck old people i 'm not wearing a mask '' .
and for the record bell boy i never made a statement about whether i wear a mask or not .
the barnes and noble has them behind the checkout .
one particular asshole i was in line behind was giving the clerk a hard time interrogating the clerk about when the shipment came in .
i mean ... devolver do n't develop any of those games they publish them .
i 'd love to but it seems i ca n't send a message to you ?
maybe because my account has too low of karma ?
i examined your eyed for a moment poking your arm w-whats your name at least ?
i asked stalling as i tried to think of a wish
if they get to wear the shirts maybe i should wear the hat .
so that makes carlos beltran the only undefeated manager that was a character in backyard baseball ?
weird you can see palestine from most high places in ammman it 's not that far and it hurts to see people acting in such stupid reactionary ways towards their own brothers from both sides .
individual difference between those words and city/village names culture slightly shifts from one village to another in our region so it 's not a good idea to paint the whole region or country '' does having the same things .
it 's good that you know what you want .
the second step is to stop calling yourself a pussy because that puts you down and reeks of self doubt and more than 100 of the time other people can see that .
no hate but you come off as a little desperate you need to realize that a lot of people you meet come and go and that 's a good thing of you look at it the right way .
hope for the best miss out forever stop that .
you are putting her on a pedestal which means she has no choice but to look down on you .
you are putting unnecessary stress on yourself talking like that .
some people have it naturally and some other do n't .
but it does n't matter if you went born with it because like any skill it can be learned and trained .
realize that people come and go loosen up a little buy a new cologne or something simple and stupid like add everyone on quick add on snapchat and most importantly just ask her if she want to hangout .
antihistamines help they 're just the types of allergy meds that work specifically on your immune system 's overreaction to allergens than things like eg decongestants which work on the symptoms like a stuffy nose .
dust is a common allergen and dustmites are a big factor in that .
they make hypoallergenic pillow covers that can cut down on dust and if that does n't go far enough consider the newer generation of electronic air filters especially if your symptoms persist throughout the day .
i think my allergist recommended rabbitair but there are many others .
shame on leadership for sending that email about treating ‘your coworkers with compassion ' after felicia 's tweets .
from what i read in the lawsuit their behavior toward felicia is abhorrent .
you 'll have the comment section all to yourself .
go to a shrink and they will charge you 10k and diagnose you with a bunch of shit .
or i could just tell you that that dream was real
i 'm not a padres expert but they have a lot of really mediocre/struggling infielders right now .
he 's also 23 so about the right age to get the call up .
maybe people more in tune with the organization can give us a better idea .
if its not to much work can i see some citations for these pelican speeds ?
both me and my friend have the dev beta of macos and ios respectively and we ca n't find this function
yta you are bothering your grandmother because you think you know better than she does how she could act .
she is literally being kind and polite to everyone .
try learning from her or at least leave her be as she has explicitly requested .
make sure you have the latest version of the game installed it should be 2.0.3
i think most of them are actually prosauropods so the little guys .
zenkai units are units that have received upgrades in an attempt to make them more relevant in the current meta by updating their stats abilities and new abilities as well .
it 's pretty much an upgrade for units that are outdated .
you have to get a unit to 7 stars to zenkai it .
there are 7 levels of this being zenkai 1-7 with zenkai 3 and 6 giving you new passive abilities when you activate them .
however you need to activate these abilities and upgrades just like soul boosting for the increase in stats and gain of the two unique abilities to take effect .
this is done via zenkai souls and regular souls as well .
shame it could n't be like dokkan ezas where you get the new abilities and passives immediately after you increase their eza level
i 've never done a rewatch to work out the glyphs or spot all the observers so now i have a reason excuse to watch my favourite show !
gosh these ancient astronomers and their terrible exposure to fauna
dude was so trigger happy to make that tweet .
no do not do tht even if its ur first time rather drink a pop 100 times thn drink n pop 1 last time u also could be fine jus very fucked up but not worth it brodie be safe and when i say first time i mean mixing
although it would be really funny if saitama actually take in damage in the next chapter i bet those same people would start saying uh actually i did n't say saitama ca n't take damage i just said that interpretation is unlikely that 's all ''
😂😂😂 honestly if i could lick myself i fuckin would
it is not that good honestly that people end up fawning over it
especially when the pilot episodes are usually one of the best a series has to offer
the more i look at his face the worse it gets..
my moves today are just sit there in fear and watch my stocks evaporate as cpi numbers come in .
your current tier https www.reddit.com/r/pics/wiki/tiers only allows you to post original content .
if you took the picture simply resubmit it with the oc '' flair enabled https i.imgur.com/11ctdoc.png .
please remember that a false claim of ownership will result in a permanent ban .
neither it nor the moderators will respond to enquiries about its actions .
if you have a question please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/pics/wiki/index and the tiers page https www.reddit.com/r/pics/wiki/tiers .
are these your own tastings or things you 've read ?
or who 's writing the articles saying '86 is subpar ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubeviews if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty much a normal centipede in every aspect but freaky looking .
i was more talking about a cure without damn near killing yourself with chemo though .
maybe they should drive around honking trucks on saturday right ?
i just ordered a few of their extracts last night .
hats off to those guys defending democracy if not for them maybe hicks could have breached the capitol enacting a fascist takeover .
i figured ! i know greens can have stripes but i was n't so sure about the multiple stripes
people are biased in favor of the thing they like/follow .
winning the cl vs pl depends on the context .
for man city winning the cl pl for sure .
for liverpool winning the 19-20 pl title was more important than winning the cl because of their 30 year title drought
but it should n't be you and the other guy just legitimately seem unable or unwilling to answer really basic questions about your views on this film .
and yet you have your mind made up and refuse to watch it because you think it is a certain thing without any good reason to think that .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
what they mean is when americans say irony '' they pronounce it like iron ee .
brits pronounce the first part like it rhymes with byron .
but as someone else pointed out americans switch it up again and pronounce ironic '' the same way brits do .
it 's the yankees and it 's one game .
the twins are more likely to have saves available than texas .
but in h2h i guess it depends on how your opponents are constructed .
if most opponents all are holding 1-2 closers then you should keep three to try and bank that one category .
if everyone has like 3-4 closers then you might as well go for something else .
during wwii the japanese destroyer yukikaze gained such a reputation for being a lucky ship that the crews of other japanese ships started to see her as a bad omen .
because while yukikaze would always emerge from battle no worse for wear the ships around her were frequently sunk with heavy casualties or in very unfortunate circumstances .
while she was known to her own crew as the miracle ship '' others referred to her as the god of death '' or the plague god . ''
they were pretty excited at the last citcon about rastar getting a player-facing version so the pioneer coming earlier seems likely .
i usually just check here from time to time .
but yeah it 's an amazing effort by the team to date .
when i first saw the game i thought it was neat but would n't work because it 's not polished enough .
the game is rough around the edges but now i see it as part of the charm instead .
regardless the game sets out to achieve one thing and does it every time freak the hell out of me and make me want to come back for more
favorite sad moment you were my brother anakin i loved you ''
favorite happy moment when anakin gives ahsoka her lightsabers back
if you do n't want the man 's messages just block him .
he deserved what he had coming to him but it still was not your place .
so as much as it sucks for her this is what she agreed to when she agreed to your terms .
do these electron densities have any correlation with predicting how a molecule might fragment from collision induced dissociation akin to what happens in tandem mass spectrometry ?
back home if you worked in a preschool or a nursery you were still considered a teacher .
i do n't call someone working in ece a teacher unless they 're using established curriculum and a teaching framework usually for a 3 to 5-year-old usually at an naeyc-accredited facility well or an elementary school .
i 'll give you that if a facility calls itself a preschool in the us the parents there call the adults working there teachers .
but also in the us there is often little difference between a preschool and a daycare center .
you will have the basic deduction which for resident tax is ¥430,000 .
you 're also forgetting the huge employment income deduction .
this will be by far your biggest tax deductible .
that is also a tax deductible along with health insurance and pension .
if you 're enrolled in a company dc plan you ca n't until october 2022 .
that said if your company has a dc plan you ca n't continue to that instead and that will be tax deductible .
but yea resident tax is billed june current year+1 to may current year+2
so tax year 2022 january 2022 to december 2022 resident tax is billed june 2023 to may 2024 for those who were a registered resident as of january 1st 2022 .
if you earned any income 2021 then it 's possible you might get a resident tax bill june 2022 too .
sorry but meme only weekends has begun please see stickied mod post at the top of the sub !
there are lots of modern-thinking chinese people who do n't ascribe to this misogynistic way of thinking .
hi what 's pricing and condition for the flareon jolteon cosmic eclipse pika from the 1st pg of the binder for the mewtwo on the 3rd page of the binder .
to what extent is a person white or black or brown ?
when animating it 's a little bit different unless you are animating transformers then this still applies
his hairline is fine for his age but not everyone balds from the hairline first .
a lot of guys will have a pretty decent hairline but start balding from the crown hard .
there 's a reason he 's always seen with a hat except for when his hair is slicked all the way back over his crown .
it 's literally the reason he grows the hair in his front this long when the rest of his hair is shaved pretty short .
consult this image https i.imgur.com/4sw5ixu.png his sides are shaved to like a 2 and no one would look at this guy and expect him to have 8-inch long hair .
but all that hair is used to cover the top of his head .
you can even see through the thin strands on his forehead its looking dicey .
vermintide 2 looks good but has many issues with lighting inconsistencies bleeding etc .
this will hopefully clean up a lot of them !
conclusion my warrior is gon na be a million times better in wotlk than tbc
i would only support the addition of the mig-21 2000 since its somewhat unique .
the others are unnecessary copy/paste in a tech tree that 's essentially just the french and the us tech trees combined .
adding the soviets in there as well just dumbs it down even more .
plus giving them a mig-29 that was borrowed '' is just insulting .
but given that gaijin gave sweden two helicopters that they borrowed and gave one of them fictional skins as well i would n't be surprised if they do give israel a polish mig-29 .
yep i think you take the points once you get the yellow there .
you 're saying this while having no idea what he could ask for the seat .
in the beginning there was creation then there was satan .
i 'm not religious nor do i enforce a prototypical religious ideology but even the most atheistic scientists will admit that satan is real and out to get us .
our politicians have been caught in the act signing deals with the dark lord .
i am amazed that no one not google bill gates even dark horse elon musk says anything about this .
perhaps ... well i shouldnt speculate ... but do you thinj tbey know ?
nah i 'm just talking out my ass haha ... but you never know wink
unlimited toothpaste is n't so bad if you think about it !
how about just do n't be a toxic maidenless asshole and not send hate mail
that 's a furry came to mate with wolves they 'll find him/her half eaten soon
i really love that the implication of zerxes ' dream/vision is that pelor will pretty much imminently be hitting the scene to kick the absolute shit out of asmodeus
thick greasy and reassuringly gloopy with minimal white cast but it is there .
it dries down but the greasiness stays i never wear my hair down .
makeup application was trial and error for me no cream based products slide off and powder has to be buffed in .
however it 's worth it for one of the best uva protection on the market .
once you know how to work with it it 's great .
it 's got that same white cast but maybe a touch more transparent .
that 's one of the fun '' side effects .
i actually enjoy them i share them with my gf in the mornings and we laugh at how ridiculous they are .
yeah it 's not like she 's throwing a whole chicken in there .
the book was printed in new york years before hitler was even born and it was aimed at the american market so it is unlikely many of them ended up in germany .
and it would n't have been the type of book to be burnt by the nazis either .
the reprints '' you are seeing when googling are just automatically generated entries from indian print-on-demand companies .
they exploit the free database of millions of digitised books on internet archive and google books to offer expensive physical print-on-demand copies .
their claim that the book is chosen because of its cultural relevance is a lie and there also does n't exist any physical copy of the book until you order one .
that being said german language books printed in the us in the 19th century are n't usually the most common of books since they tended to be trashed when the last relatives in the family who knew german died out .
and doubly so for school books and textbooks which were mostly read to pieces and discarded .
however worldcat does have a good selection of ahn 's german primer in libraries https www.worldcat.org/title/ahns-german-primer/oclc/1189674683/editions ? editionsview=true referer=br including six copies of the 5th edition https www.worldcat.org/title/ahns-german-primer/oclc/11506495 ? referer=br ht=edition which is actually an unusually large amount for these type of books in my experience .
so it is n't exactly rare in libraries it may be rare on the market but it is n't a type of book which is usually sought after by many collectors although you will of course always find niche collectors for everything just not enough to generate value .
so in essence it is not overly rare nor probably very valuable on the market but it is an interesting piece of german-american history .
your post has been removed because it is not formatted properly .
tag images with the gender of the subjects m for male f for female nb for nonbinary cd for cross dressers .
binary trans people are welcome to tag as either tw and tm or simply f and m at their discretion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bdsmgw if you have any questions or concerns .
you probably ca n't build a rifle of this quality for this price .
fn receivers and the wedge lock rail are also basically impossible to find .
vdf s are designed to be single thread and not parallellizable thus cheaper than most options because they will only use one cpu core .
here 's a direct implementation based on a vdf that 's called delay encryption
it was funny because it 's been so long i wondered if it would feel like a big deal at all or if it was silly to care so much after so long .
turns out those worries were stupid and it 's been a surprisingly emotional and cathartic week .
now got ta get the baby home without breaking the wax seal and get it framed !
to be absolutely fair poland has been much more explicitly threatened than the czechia and so they are much more serious about making sure that they get up to date gear .
if poland was given outdated leos that would be perfectly acceptable for the czechs they would want to upgrade them and probably end up spending almost as much as the cost of a new tank especially one that was produced in poland .
a likely important part of this though i have n't yet heard anyone say it is that poland is moving into the mass armored vehicle production market big time .
rheinmetall must be freaking out as polish companies capture much of the supply contracts for ukraine that they would normally expect to get and are building partnerships with korea .
the deal that suits the czechs is not going to be the same one that is useful for the poles .
but do keep in mind there is no pc version release date yet .
it says it in the trailer but can be easy to miss with the hype .
u/uneven_vulnerability your submission has been successfully posted in r/petite !
please ensure that you have followed the rules and thank you for posting .
moderators have the final say in whether or not an image or comment is acceptable for this subreddit .
if you do n't agree with any of those rules please do n't post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petite if you have any questions or concerns .
theoretically ... '' is such a german way to start a sentence .
as an expat discovering germany i loved reading this and seeing the other direction
i 'm not gon na lie despite it being filthy it looks cool
i did bravo test and it showed i have acid in my esophagus nonstop i was advised to do surgery to tighten the stomachs muscle .
i have nausea and otherwise for the most part my reflux is silent
it 's true for every boss but you got ta learn how to dodge and when to attack .
you can use carian retaliation to parry his blood spells and get some extra damage too .
i ca n't wait to see dogfood exposing them because he went broke .
i pretty sure he will be the first one to spill the tea about them !
doddles almost always look better than a finished drawing because you 're being overly careful and not drawing with the looseness and expresiveness of your sketches
you should do your linework with less fear and more like if you were working on the same sketch not as if you were making a precise work
now do n't be afraid to grow growing is part of becoming a better person you gain a lot of experience maybe more than you imagine and since you ca n't stop growing make the most out of it make sure you 're getting the experience you seek for !
this depends a lot on the stacking technology they are using .
wafer on wafer prevents you from pre binning the chips .
even chip on chip could introduce weak coupling on the bonded interface this would need higher voltage to compensate .
they literally fucked a plant into extinction because it was so effective as a contraceptive .
i know but elmenore of the burning vale in modern exandria is hunting fearne
i was a bit heavier than you starting march i did a solid strength training routine and i been on this huge walk.. in 3 mo the i just hit 250lbs .
that being said i did work as a nutritionist and trainer while in university .
and in your case because your over 300lbs faster is better it 's better to go fast and get down than have it on you .
so i 'm about to post a solid plan with alot of information in my next post .
just remember the first thing we have to do is get you below 300lbs that 's going to improve your knees so much so yah get ready for this long ass post
i find it hilarious when dogs have names like this .
just kind of like a human name and i find it funny .
farenheit was created by taking into account the average human body temperature and kelvin is an absolute temperature scale that means 0 k absolute zero so those scales are cool .
where it gets really stupid is with units of length ... just use the metric system goddamnit .
ah shit it 's download this weekend is n't it .
it 's getting progressively worse but i got to see one of my very depressed friends smile which was great
someone betting on asians not having guns have n't met the vietnamese and japanese i know .
i think it is more that they pick elderly targets who like to use cash .
i suppose a plan would be to lower the amount of cash that can be withdrawn at one time .
hey u/sunyata_feet unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subredit .
grow your account posting elsewere on reddit and come back in a few days .
meanwhile read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/upskirt/about/sidebar and follow them .
do n't ask what are the minimums as we do n't reveal them thank you
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/upskirt if you have any questions or concerns .
these days i do n't know ... been out of the game for a few years .
it used to be 500k usd for the green card itself then you 'd pay agent fee app 50k usd depending on project lawyer fees 15-20k usd and depending on how easy it is to prove you obtained your money legally often difficult and the legitimacy of the business you are investing in various other fees can be tacked on .
so back in the day let 's say 2012-2018 or so it was somewhere around 600k usd all up .
the real shady ones were the cheap eu passports you could buy with almost no real checks into who the buyer was or what messed up shit they were into .
i think it was malta or cyprus that was like 25k usd for a passport ... do n't hold me to that though .
the very moment you put a nato soldier in direct contact with the russian force you maximize the risk of a nuclear escalation .
you can make as many laws and words as you want unless you are enforcing them they are worthless.so for no-fly-zones azov-steel-extractions open-trade-routes and what not its the same .
sure you can do it but only if you are willing and able to force it .
and by that means with the very real possibility to escalate to nuclear war .
and for some sort of secret super special miltia '' that consist of actual nato forces going on holiday somewhere ... russia is already threatening direct conflict over the delivery of western weapons but we were always able to say hey man we 're just trading here just normal everyday stuff '' .
im not so sure about hiring companies like academi ex-blackwater for that but then again the prospect of risking death penalty for being a foreign mercenary is probably driving the price quite high .
i can imagine myself having so much fun without it
looking at the photos i love the chin already nose .
side profile only see brow bone that is not feminine .
but probably after brow bone is recontoured brow lift also .
crossplay rollback char creation city roaming pvp meeting rooms multiple ultra systems live commentaries re engine tag battles ... honestly i never suspected i could be that hyped for a new sf game .
especially the commentary system could pump up the fights a lot
i saw the explanation but it is so bad written that i do n't understand it .
my polestar is noticeably quieter than my model y .
no car you should need earplugs for let alone an ev .
reminds me of a character i rolled where only one stat was below a 16 .
what do you mean by contributing part of the total cost ?
as in for 4million property i already put 1million upfront and then ask for 3million loan ?
please read the subs rules and check out our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/medical/wiki/index as it goes more in depth about different topics as well as other informative advice/resources .
if they 're any comments under this post that violate rule 3 community safety please report them .
remember to stay on topic and not make jokes towards the op or each other .
reminder if you think what you 're experiencing is an emergency then get off reddit and call 911 or go to your local hospital ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical if you have any questions or concerns .
you may or may not have received a mass email that went round the other day confirming what you have said above our jobs are safe and subject to passing the esa we are confirmed g7 jobs .
i also received an email from my department following this up saying that departments will continue to meet their obligations for current and graduating fast streamers .
in practice a recruitment freeze is always going to have exceptions and this is probably one of them .
i 'm personally expecting subject to passing esas ofc people to be dumped into some very business critical response type work that gets around a recruitment freeze .
edit also worth noting ... now that 1000 fsers will not be dumped on departments next year theoretically they have 1000 fte at g7 they can make up without a loss ... . not the worst deal for them .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=mistressbetty678 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
and media def would n't use those terms on air .
just image fucking their pussy and getting them pregnant and cum i 'm about cummm
i remember a part of revenge if the sith 's novelization where it more or less said
in the end there was no vader there was only anakin skywalker '' .
the vader thing is a psychological thing the soth do to try to seperate the identities but the truth is it was always the same person with the name change being a small trick to try and seperate who you are from what you are doing .
i 'm a lot thinner than you at 4.5 .
hell i know a judge who has a tattoo on his ass and everybody in town has seen it or heard about it .
man is a family friend and before he was a judge he was a lawyer at the same firm as my grandfather .
i 'm like maybe 5 and at the office with my grandmother to pick something up and the future judge comes up to me in the room with the secretaries and paralegals and asks hey kid you wan na see my tattoo . ''
of course i said yes so he asked me to turn around and when i turned back around i was being mooned by this old man and had a disembodied flaming eyeball starring right at me .
do you remember what you told me about your face app pics and your amazon wishlist ?
leave him with time i 'm sure you 'll start to feel better .
him insisting it 's not cheating is a huge red flag instead of listening to your feelings and apologising for his clear mistakes he 's doing the complete opposite and denying it .
i do n't know to the extent of what he 's done behind your back but you 're clearly hurt and if he 's does n't seem to care then that 's your answer to leave .
prolly because you posting shit we already seen ion know tho
bite the bullet and go to car rental near airport .
we always use rad car rental and have no issues with them .
if we got car that is not up to standard we just send it back and they replace it for us no biggy
was a complete nailbiter and my man praveen kumar defended 10 runs off the last over and india won by 1 run
we 've to show them that hindu culture is more superior which has scientific practices like yoga and astronomy .
so that they deradicalize in search for better lifestyle than this poisonous desert belief
give him some time he 'll figure it out eventually .
he would n't let most people touch him though but he just liked following people around !
because of megafauna that at one point did exist like the gigantopithecus an ancient species of apes that hung around what is now central and west asia and from word of mouth they ended up becoming a common myth
i graduated in 2018 but here have been my experiences so far
you do n't need to list your course information the degree speaks for itself .
although under experience there should be something informatics related .
did you do research or a project during your masters ?
health informatics clinical informatics data analyst business analyst quality analyst reporting analyst clinical analyst are all common .
the lingo tends to be a bit different if you 're looking at academia vs hospital based vs industry vs government .
filter for jobs posted within 24 hours or 3 days if you think that 's too narrow .
ignore old job postings they will repost if they are actively looking .
4. review your existing connections if there are any opportunities .
the first job i got was at the same school i graduated from because i happened to see it in our health informatics student newsletter that week .
you may have more connections with your clinical background .
i 'm by no means an expert on any of this but the above especially 3 saved me a lot of time and helped me focus on where to apply my energy .
understand that racists assholes exist regardless of whether a company decides to censor them or not and move on .
your gesture suggests that you 're asking valve to crack down on them as if they will go someplace else .
censorship just hides existing people it does n't change the person in any way .
thought exercise do you think the mmos and other online games that censor profanity has managed to fix racism ?
the game may just appears to have less racists because the words can no longer be typed out in those games .
but the same person behind the screen who would 've gladly made a racist remark if it were uncensored is still sitting there playing that game finding other ways to get a kick out of saying shit to people .
unless the suggestion is to ip ban people which no sane game corporation will do then suggestions like this are meaningless .
i decide to made the frame out of resin and i 'll fdm the grips out of wood filament .
after a comment on the previous post about a silencer i did add threads to the barrel and designed a silencer that should fit and be removeable .
i 'm not sure how well resin does threaded parts yet .
it feels slightly big in my hand might have to scale it down slightly if i do another .
also the title shouldve been my bootloader booting from real hardware and loading the kernel this time without errors and keyboard support ''
any beach is a nude beach if you 're brave enough
you could put an if before accessing the length property .
i think you can buy so much on the website and so much in physical paper bonds on top of the 10k .
edit you can get an extra 5k a piece but it has to be done with your federal tax return
with that level of knowledge it 's honestly impressive that they knew that sn is an element symbol .
i really would n't be sinking more money into something you do n't yet own
for things like hobbies which pc gaming is you 'd want to pay outright first because you 're paying interest of a depreciating asset
my cola took a nosedive but still able to survive w the other stuff and a stronger dollar
still happens in many places in the world in many cultures/religions .
so much so that some societies such as india and china have experienced a serious shortage of brides as there are not enough females b
ma mica vorrai usare la logica in un corteggiamento ...
intanto le dico che è diverso le fai capire che in due anni sei ancora interessato ... .
so she 's been with the other guy twice but says she wants to be with you .
sounds like she 's made her choice you over this other guy .
as for her sleeping with someone while you were broken up yep you ca n't hold that against her especially considering you did the same and you were both free agents .
she was honest with you about who and what and now in choosing you she 's making an informed decision being able to compare the experiences .
this sub is for new accounts to get their posts shown on reddit and your account seems to have been on for a while .
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101brandnew if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
also in der ukraine leben muslimische nazis die im untergrund biowaffen oder sowas bauen ?
edit oh just realised you 've got a monster hard on if lewis does n't do well ... . sad
please be guided by the rules found in the sidebar .
we highly recommend that you seek professional help if things are getting out of hand or please call
please use the contact form in their website if their phones are down as is the case sometimes .
comments and posts that contain harm danger or illegal links or materials will be subject to a ban and proper authority action .
moderators do their very best to maintain this subreddit a safe place .
if you see any offending post or comment do not hesitate to report or message the mods .
your question might already been answered on our faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mentalhealthph if you have any questions or concerns .
or you know get a degree in a field that pays well ...
re your first paragraph the other option is we are looking at it with the benefit of hindsight .
so a lay person with 20 years of hindsight could totally better understand a macro situation than a specialist from 20 years ago .
i dont think left hand v right hand is fatal .
realistically it costs more partly because of unions to build cars in australia compared to thailand .
thats more of a problem than right v left .
holden manufacturing workers were according to smh on eell over 100k with overtime/penalties in 2013 .
thai car manufacturing workers in 2016 were on 12,500/year .
id post links but the automod cant deal with the most popular imageuploader website on the internet !
in his defense people at raves are probably way to blitzed to figure a condom out
i do n't understand why every time people instead of linking the virustotal result that is far more easy and much more informative they instead take a shit cropped screenshoot that do n't even have all the information about the scan on it !
the incomplete results that you posted is all just random noise it is a false positive related to crack activation is the most random and easy false positive flag you get while using pirated softwares .
btw if you trully download it from m0nkros there is not even a reason to suspect that is not a false positive m0nkros is far more reputable than any virustotal result again if you download from the original source .
maybe she thinks her kid is injured by someone else 's vaccine ... somehow lol .
i 've seen these people unironically claim that just being around specifically covid vaccinated people is harmful to their precious immune systems or gut flora or whatever demented thing it was that they believed that day .
it 's not too big a stretch that they think all vaccines act that way .
this could be for a number of reasons most of which are summarized in the rules text on the right .
in most of these cases the computer is right and we will not overturn its decision .
if you have re-read your question and still think this is a failure of the automated filter message us with an actual reason as to why the computer is wrong .
if you just say that you think the computer is wrong without any reasoning we will ignore you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
i think nea is saying i ca n't the killer is there . ''
australia has such a unique ecosystem that i 'm sure there are some native species that would be vulnerable to them .
i could n't say what their specific concerns are though .
you have some parts of the government that are pro deeper relationship with us other parts that are n't .
in this thread a user linked to an interesting article on the official report that basically says some saudis had connections to al qaeda .
of course such a statement does n't mean literally every saudi supported the terrorist organization .
note that the new auto-max agi test for the fafsa is also scored against the fpl .
parts of the overall tax code are also indexed as is social security .
given how many highly inflationary spending buckets can be partially to fully dodged post-fire it 's quite possible that some many ?
early retirees might actually benefit overall from a few years of higher inflation .
with i-bonds offering a decent place for me to park my cash a personal interest rate much lower than average and the information you just provided i 'm almost hoping we see another 12 months of elevated rates .
how was any of what you described an emergency or warranting police involvement ?
steth is supposed to be pegged with eth price currently it 's currently trading at 0.94 .
it 's not a peg it 's backed by eth 1:1 it 's just locked on beacon chain .
that 's why there is a spread on secondary markets .
this is more fud expect the fud to increase as we approach the merge .
burks was playing pg we had no other playable pg on the roster healthy besides iq at that point .
do n't tell me deuce he clearly was n't ready last year
when i first watched it i liked it well enough but once that 4 year shitshow began i felt it on a whole different level .
plenty of devs literally do n't look at the logs and read them in depth .
throw up their hands when it turns red and go wtf devops ? ''
i ca n't talk because sometimes i '' m guilty of it as well .
what do you usually do in the dark night ?
explains why wildly large crustations are allowed to run rampant on some of the islands .
yeah you do n't own the place the government does and you 're renting .
thanks for helping the team at epic swat these bugs !
if you have n't provided the information already please share the following to help epic games
should there be a need members of the epic games community team may reach out to you with additional questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
im imagining your room painted all black with no windows and the room across from it is pink and filled with plushies and toys lol .
my room looks like a rainbow threw up and i love it .
its good to have some whimsy in your life .
is n't dual sacred whip flowing sword thematically perfect for belmont ?
i do n't know if one would really care .
especially in my case where the wait is going on 3 months since my last match
i have 4 cars and drive 8 miles to work 3 days a week .
i understand i also have the same thing a sombrero like we call it in spanish that my grand father trusted me with it she has absolutely no right to do so
i once had this kind of wart in the middle of my foot .
felt like i was constantly stepping on a pebble .
yes i do say so.. and so do tens of millons of others..
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
i think he is going to be a good guy and his attitude in the flashback are all his scriped things he needs to say .
now brainwashed like winter soldier style being experimented on so maybe he can kill homelander .
try fish i ca n't eat beef or chicken and i 've been this way for 16 months .
i also do a plant-based protein shake that i make myself as well as plant-based premixed on days that i am in a hurry or tired .
also mushrooms are a pro tien lions mane and many others are really good for long covid patients depending on texture some cook differently than others do some reading and research .
can hate be good can hate be great can hate be something we do n't hate ?
i think that could be bertha on the left-ish with the white decoration in her hair and her back to us and maybe gladys behind her more in the foreground facing us talking to whomever that guy is in the dark suit .
and every right winger i know agree that that cop was guilty .
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/18y if you have any questions or concerns .
i had an asthma attack laughing at this first time i saw it as a kid .
i actually ended up in the hospital on a nebulizer .
i did n't have a real '' career until age 27 .
as long as you 're making a point to save and invest whatever you can at any job you have you 're doing good .
even at dead end jobs i made a point to set up auto monthly contributions to my roth ira .
if the job did n't pay enough to save i would pick up freelance work in writing and design to make extra .
op is the 1st the kid/kid 's mom and even the barn owner are the 2nd ...
i would 've done exactly the same in your case your animal .
a long time ago he was a dont starve youtuber edgy rick '' was his channel name he was incredibly toxic when someone disaagreed with his strategy to fight a boss etc .
later when tencent bought dont starve together he said that hell stop playing the game because he doesnt want to be a communist '' and if anyone plays it they 're communist '' even though tencent bough like 10 of the game
also i would n't throw around pathetic insults like a brat it does n't work outside your mental institute .
pretty much the same idea except more approachable and easier on servers .
you would be able to teleport items from one structure to any other .
i think it 's awesome that there 's a mental load they can fully drop .
it really does n't you just have to severely limit spells like teleport and dont include spells like plane shift
does he also give you a polite gentle bop on the face if you do n't respond quickly enough for his liking ?
considering the skull fracture on one that is incredibly dark .
tbh it 's for me to keep my books out in the open the ones that are being used actively .
especially if you get into the comic and manga scene .
may have a story end 30 years after where it began in story .
i respect but i just love to look its very esthetics
the foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
anyone else think this is like playing with a live hand grenade ?
you may invite up to five of your friends to return to azeroth .
no game time will be awarded to players with an active wow® subscription as of 31 may 2022 or later .
game time gifts must be claimed by you and your friends within 14 days of receipt .
not eligible for accounts with negative actions such as bans suspensions or numerous in-game reports demonstrating a pattern of abusive behaviour .
your cousin is loopy if she things she can cry her way into guilting you .
you just keep on continuing to promote violence and racism .
it 's disgusting and hockey has no place for people like you
she was at the last battle with thanos right ?
selling spaceships for real cash and raising subscriber price .
so designing a lagrange point-earth flyby-mars trajectory is very non-trivial ?
it requires software far more specialized than gmat or trajectory optimization tool ?
hello sweety you need a nice man well opens my arms to hug you im here cutie
we have biden because trump is not a politician and acted as such in office .
he was impeached twice one for inviting a terrorist attack onto the us capital .
if he had done nothing he would be responsible for the complete extinction of the human race .
which means over 8 billion people compared to 4 billion .
it 's like he 's still in high school or banging some sloot from tinder .
he 's been with her for a long time and still wraps it up ?
respond a third time maybe it 'll be a valid point .
how many blm murdered a capitol officer like they did on jan 6th ?
so you 're saying cute in a very ugly sort of way ...
or is that ugly in a cute sort of way 🤔
follow my ig https www.instagram.com/mfch_studios and i 'll follow you back by either
i 'll follow you with 3 of my alternate accounts
if you unfollowed i 'll do the same i 'll also unfollow you with my alts do n't think i do n't know who unfollowed .
comes out of my mouth like vomit especially at work but in the med room but not in an elevator in front of people and especially in front of kids .
i 'd fight every single one of those weak ass dudes and be causing pain and breaks every swing and grapple .
in this case it might not be safe for you to confront him directly .
i got one of these from a gumball machine im p sure
i will be restocking my store in a few weeks and you can find the details in my profile .
the best way to be notified of a restock is via my email list on my website .
i had the misfortune to be born with genetics that did n't match my identity .
i fail to see how do n't fit the criteria of an unfortunately short guy .
me in my ancile weyland onmw to remove your s anciles go brrrrr
ofc not i deserve only to stay locked and humiliated 🥰
the holy bible word of god teaches that god indwells his own people which today are his christians whether jew or gentile .
he has no time for those who have no time for him .
john 14:23 kjv — jesus answered and said unto him if a man love me he will keep my words and my father will love him and we will come unto him and make our abode with him .
1 corinthians 3:16 kjv — know ye not that ye are the temple of god and that the spirit of god dwelleth in you ?
2 corinthians 6:16 kjv — and what agreement hath the temple of god with idols ?
for ye are the temple of the living god as god hath said i will dwell in them and walk in them and i will be their god and they shall be my people .
now that is the only real way i could see the sanguinius mauling the emperor theory working .
as he 's about to die to horus samus possesses him at that moment he and his sons all succumb to the black rage which was just samus ' doing emperor comes in gets mauled deletes samus horus and shatters sanguinius ' soul them dorn comes in and just assumes horus kicked emperor 's ass because the emperor did n't want to kill his favorite son like we were told .
i still do n't like the theory but it would make sense that way .
a lot of the top lifters in the us are actually weebs russel orhii ssjbob etc lol
you should get done a haemogram cbc .low levels of hb can be the cause of fatigue and tiredness.although its more common in females.check your diet if you are taking enough nutrition and not starving.drink more water.most importantly do not overdo anything.maybe you are overworking yourself.get yourself enough rest and try to be with your family more it will give you peace.just balance out your energies.know your priorities on how much energy you need to give to different tasks.start healthy habits which need bare minimum use of energy like drinking a glass of lime water or green tea first thing in morning or taking a morning walk.try to be in nature you will love it.👍
you 'll recoup that at home with a few hours work .
i honestly think it 's split pretty evenly this platform is so big and there 's so many different groups of people .
i 've seen the gender disparity just at war with each other .
if you are eating more then two eggs daily .
check your cholesterol level you might be hypersensitive to it .
it was the best of times it was the blurst of times ?
i honestly do n't think that putting up sings on buildings can be helpful as much as they think
in fact too much signs on buildings makes the streets messier whch i do n't like
however you and i both acknowledge that these signs exist .
the reason is the business owners think they 're somehow useful to promote their business .
it may be true that these days the vast majority of people have already searched on naver/google before going out but for business owners who have been around a long time they are still going to believe these signs are important .
they may be very well aware of naver/google but it 's difficult for them to accept that blocking their business from view is okay .
so my point to these other commenters is that talking about trees and climate change is useless .
that is a broad issue that has nothing to do with one specific tree in front of a restaurant .
however from the business owner 's perspective that one tree is very important .
to me acting like the business owners are idiots actually just makes these other redditors look like they 're not really thinking about the situation .
then e-sizzle is just going for bill at this point
got all your daily needs of modified corn starch !
i have one and uber is the way to go .
whatever amount you pay is not worry your freedom .
breaking the billionaire 's rules by annika martin fits a lot of these points i think and i really enjoyed it
jews do n't believe jesus was the son of god he and mohammed were just a blasphemers and/or some guy .
christians believe jesus was the son of god and mohammed was a blasphemer and/or some guy .
muslims believe jesus was a prophet but not the son of god and mohammed was the last prophet .
each of the religions is then split into many other factions that do n't really like each other .
empathy is n't easy if you ca n't relate it 's really hard to care !
i do n't think that makes you 'not very good person ' !
i have about 72 games on steam and i 've only ever complety finished one .
hi my name is cyndy and i 'm a serial game hopper .
to have rotating bolt you need something to pull the carrier from behind .
now the only way they is n't true is the new cmmg radial delay .
the locking lugs are ramped on those so as the bolt pushes back those ramps impart the twist .
it will be interesting to see the lifespan of the bolts and locking lugs .
if you want a proper rotating bolt locked pcc then get sig mpx .
i believe it was to go after military contracts where they intend to be suppressed and they do n't want soldiers claiming disability for gas exposure .
that makes a lot of sense because budget cuts is n't a quest game .
we have both budget cuts on ffa gui and no other site will have them either for quest since it does n't exist .
loader is only for quest games if you want pcvr use ffa gui
do 1st picks really get the benefit of the doubt on longevity when half the time even that is down to front offices sunk costing the draft capital
turns out he is actually super op and i won like the first 10 or so games i played .
he is n't a very good carry though imo but if you 're even/behind he has a lot of tools to make plays for your team .
he can carry games but i feel like gold is better off on someone else just because of how strong your passive makes you .
i 'm on the 2nd question and i 'm not sure what the answer is
multiply your scenario by 3 for 1/3 of people .
this house of cards is finally coming down and if you were dumb enough to get greedy your asshole is about to be gaped by giant interest rates .
if i had n't come into the comments i would have gone on forever thinking this actually happened .
i wonder what else in my life is a lie .
click here to send a pm to this user https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=skullassfreak
you 're upset because you want to be attracted to an underage character who 's younger than your personal underage minimum is and feel personally attacked by the fact that the show chose the age it did for it 's one female character ?
maybe like a 4/10 because i predicted that some people would n't understand the question but not that so many would n't .
i 've no alt account you are the only dishonest one here lol
i go to barnes and nobles a lot and i can also guarantee no store at all wants a random customer reorganizing .
straightening a bunch of fallen books is a lot different from messing up a classification system
crazy to think about how if he was with anyone else he would turn out completely normal but he 's a fundie in the making .
sounds appealing but trades like this are very rare .
duren should go in 7 to 12 range why would portland no sa washington ny or okc not pick him and get 19th and lets say future first ?
i dont see a scenario with us trading up that high .
edit boston offered 6 picks to get charlotte 's 9th pick in 2015 and charlotte said no .
your submission contains the word ascend or prestige and to prevent common questions from being reposted often it must be approved by a mod manually .
if you want to know when to ascend use this guide pastebin.com/putf8qfd https pastebin.com/putf8qfd .
if you have a question please read the faq https www.reddit.com/r/cookieclicker/wiki/faq and search the subreddit for information that may help you .
if you want to have a discussion that is n't a common question please message the mods with a link to this thread to have it approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cookieclicker if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's such an old staple and it was really convenient when i lived on the brick streets .
it does n't really have the pretentious atmosphere that some coffee shops have .
big shot is my go to now that i live in south tyler .
lydia is super chill and everyone else that works there is incredibly friendly .
i think he is an old player ... i have n't played for years so even i was n't sure you could watch replays as the older versions did not have this .
please do n't downvote the poor soul ... he did not know ... i remember the first time i played i accused an ash for cheating cause i thought they were using speed hacks😂 ... that lady was quick af ... did they nerf her or is she still sonic ?
my understanding is that it 's becoming extremely common for people to buy houses sight-unseen because of how ridiculous the housing market is and how difficult it can be to travel to see houses ...
i wonder what will happen if/when someone buys a house based on renders that were passed as the real house .
a good go to question is when 's your next day off ? then they 'll say xday and then you say wan na meet or whatever you feel is best ? if they 're single they 'll go for it if not they 'll awkwardly laugh and hopefully say they 're flattered and that 'll be the end of that .
yeah i do n't think he used his blaster once in part 4 ?
i was captured and imprisoned here because my existence is apparently a crime ...
i owned a 15se 4k and other laptops prior to my experience with the 16. this whine sound has never been a thing
not saying they 're lying i 'm saying however that they 're using some technical '' excuse to shove something the majority of potential buyers would not want to buy a whiny 4,000 laptop .
for those of you following my secondary electrical power system build i 've added a monitor in the cab that measures the voltage across the secondary battery and the current draw from all of its connected users .
it 's highly accurate and gives me charge or discharge time estimated capacity percentage and real time voltage/current draw .
i really wanted this because these batteries are hard to estimate remaining discharge time without accurate real time monitoring .
plus i like the immediate visual of both charge vs discharge and total capacity left .
the coin tray was ... a nice convenient spot unused and i had already passed wiring through the dash bundle through the firewall so wiring this bad boy was super easy .
stay tuned for more small adjustments and changes to the build !
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to drive part time for uber lol .
but i 've heard that argument before that taxis are safer than ubers and it 's simply not true .
uber drivers and taxi drivers go through the same background check .
people in the uk appear to have a very short memory .
which maybe explains why the poorest people who are most at risk from a dysfunctional nhs still vote tory in their millions
i strip 22-24 with them easily with the cutter .
the way it 's curved makes it easy to line the wire up and apply only a tiny bit of pressure to score it and not nick the wire .
i found them better than snips because they are much much more comfortable .
still cut wire ties and velcro and tape with them .
the end works well to knock out boxes and pull the tab off inside the box .
they are heavier than snips but i mean they are n't heavy .
the stripping holes work well when doing access control for 18/6 and 18/2 cables
i figured he was going to run into the street flailing his arms and get hit by a bus .
i started my casino outings late last year and i 've learned to take what i want ... lose and be thankful to play another day .
i look at my casino trips in several ways of course i want to win money but i do n't need it to the point of risking bills .
what 's the difference in me spending 150 out on top golf or a nice meal and some drinks ... versus the casino .
i 'm not mad after i get home from having fun at one of those places so i should n't be mad when i leave with 0 gambling .
both senile and a deepstate actor but also incredibly sleepy but the mastermind behind destroying the us .
one of our younger more flexible lads who has a pro-mma record tried a crescent kick .
it did n't disarm the attackers but in every instance it slowed or thwarted an attack .
we 're talking about twenty-ish men two women who are regular .
there are police officers a jailer a couple of people with pro fight records .
we have bjj black belt lots of purples couple of browns .
hope alonso 's engine gives out at the start tomorrow pos
if you want a 2014 esque vice check out the youtube channel called the people .
wait so are the harry potter kids mftl or not now i 'm confused
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
still just a tint fraction of the work of a large real life farm .
goldmask is lawful neutral at best he literally wants to erase emotions and free will to perfect the golden order .
i 'd even call that chaotic neutral bc it would only benefit him in his own weird way lmao
yeah it was his response to their toxic relationship that killed him
i 'm freaking sure alonso did that on purpose he went to the run off area he done it on purpose
russia should be very well aware that ukraine and serbia were friendly
serbia should be very well aware that kosovo and macedonia were friendly .
so you were n't fully excluded like we were .
so just cause we were n't fully excluded it does n't count ?
there was n't any toilet paper for pete 's sake it was clearly hard on the common person .
aha gotcha so if someone else is a hypocrite we should be hypocrites as well ?
aha so us not fully supporting your geopolitical views is not okay but you not fully supporting the geopolitical views of russia is okay ?
how about being one of our biggest trade partners as a start ?
and macedonians supporting the economy down in southern serbia by activly buying goods from there .
also do n't paint yourself as if you 've done nothing wrong care to comment on the serbian agent/spy inside the parliament during the storming of the parliament on the 27th of april 2017 ?
does n't sound like a friendly thing to do now does it
oh and to show you that our political elite has no spine https kanal5.com.mk/video-rama-shegobiecot-za-premierot-na-idnata-zapadna-bugarija-kovachevski-se-smee/a533971 .
the evidence has been presented for the last 2 years .
if you are n't able to see the honestly look for it .
it is there but you think in a reddit duel '' you got me please .
verge of another depression a lot of it because we locked down and shut down
we did n't totally shut down first of all .
the whole globe definitely closed down to some degree because they did n't want to die from a virus and from morons just ignoring even the simplest of efforts for haircuts '' .
the recession not depression you are seeing is due to short supply chains and global impact of the pandemic .
the rescossion is also due to having 16 years of growth .
what you are seeing is less than what would have happened if people did the right things based on advice from the get go .
seriously.. we would have less spread of the virus and impact but the way our supply chains have developed in the last 50 years as well as drop in demand is more the point .
you just are looking to avoid the idea that not listening to science had nothing to do with killing millions .
what the covidiots did was sow doubt and made even cautious people more cautious .
they could n't trust people around them to do the right thing .
would you mind sending me the facebook group also ?
the us will be harvesting our wheat by mid august .
so we probably wo n't see starvation at least not here in the us but i do think they will price gouge wheat for a while .
dammit you put that in my mind now i cant stop myself from doing it
my daughter 's car 's door mirrors point downwards when reverse gear is selected .
call me fascist but i 'm more worried about gas prices and my savings taking a huge hit than these hearings ... but yeah i guess fox should just broadcast them .
nothing is going to come of these hearings it 's all for show .
there 's a reason they 're on during prime time there 's a reason they have television executives working with them .
it 's a campaign ad it 's not about holding anyone accountable .
i did some stuff that i regret with a friend of mine but since i 'm polyamorous i would n't consider that cheating
i have an old ws-50 and it stopped saving anything besides date and weight .
i agree it 's better with no pubes to work around .
he was so good as the villain in jayam he should just switch to that fr
no worries at all got ta ask the dumb questions first to figure it out ... so lets go through the basics mating is enabled on both ... they are opposite genders of the same creature little hearts above their heads ... they are beside eachother ... when you look at the female there should be a pop up box thingy what does it say ?
it will say her name and level etc and very little at the bottom it will say one of these there should be a couple things it could say ie enable mating..mating ready ... mating with males name '' ... if its this one there should a timer of mating and since these creatures dont hatch eggs then a gestation period to have a baby ... and last but not least the cool down msg which should say available to mate in x amount of time
watch out cause sometimes the babies get stuck in their butts too lol and its hard to see or you could be in a area where they fall through a foundation or hard to see in the grass .
that 's why i do n't get into fights with animals .
she gave clear signs that it was n't ok when he tried it before .
how do you give clear signs when you 're asleep ?
she did n't give him any signs until he 'd already raped her repeatedly .
why would she assume you were lying about being out of town .
yes but the commun honey bee are n't the ones that need saving this again is a lack of education on which species need to be saved .
the population of honey bees have exploded since the industrialisation of crop farming but on the other hand the wild bees which pollinate most plants have declined .
praise him all you want but this is not the way .
for things somebody 's already written the nix definitions for it 's amazing .
if you have to roll your own edge cases it 's a royal pain in the behind .
i kinda do n't like my smile so i 'm very insecure about it hence the reason why i do n't have a single smiling photo
upvoted now your turn upvote my comment and my last posts please 🌖
i build a relationship with the coach and other regulars .
they help keep me on track because then i 'm letting them down if i do n't attend .
a determined one would just take an knife to the seam .
those comments came in like february did n't they ?
seems pretty clear that lage tried with him for a long while and just gave up .
yeah it 's probably not the best for that many transactions .
what is it that you need to prove to your board of directors ?
that it 's possible to build the solution with blazor ?
that there 's a user interface design that would make the business operate more effectively ?
what 's the real problem you 're tying to solve if you do n't mind me asking ?
plus koji tiket šta ti upadne i eto te .
it 's interesting that jiri is clearly still learning english but he just drops fucked up '' super casually lol
considering how gear in gw2 works it 's probably worth it to invest in ritualist .
going condi in open world is not bad option and vitality food with toughness as needed and remembering to dodge should keep you alive .
you could also try seeing if mix of ritualist and berserker would work for you .
since berserkers are easy power-based stat gear to grab at exotics .
looks like a tulip tree moth ☺️ one of my favorites
a danish brawlstars tiktoker suicided and his fav skin was sakura spike
it 's not a story the jedi angels would tell you .
i would add taoism charms mineralogy knowing what stones/gems do what and then the difference between a curse and hex .
if you want to include spells that 'll help you out too
jiri has only had 3 ufc fights but he 's taken some big shots in each of his fights so far i wonder how long he can stay on top with that style .
i seem to get along especially well with intp intj and estp 's
if it 's wednesday i 'm always down to take lines and drink !
fishnet is my kink 😂 so i 'm always happy to see it .
haha time to find a new gf overseas bro .
i have 32,685 orundum and have been doing weeklys and dailys ever sense the near the radiant knight came out .
not including annihilation because i 'm to inconsistent to do it all each week will i save up enough for 300 pulls for specter unchained ?
i tried to do the math but considering i 'm terrible at it i do n't trust myself .
he was down 3-1 and almost knocked out in the 5th
the ruble is being artificially inflated by russia demanding ruble based payments for o g either putin is gon na die or the west will stop buying .
i 'll take u ur riding me and playing with me
if was not with my husband now my bisexuality would lean lesbian right now .
consider joining our discord server to chat with other users here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youngadults if you have any questions or concerns .
does n't seem like it there are other answers on this post .
they hyped up that singapore crowd something fierce that shit is a library
aber von der kalkulation her kannst du es ja mal berechnen .
essen tank zusätzliche belastung wie lehrerin für die kinder etc.. kommen noch on top .
once people in amc and gme realize that it 's done they can capitlise on another opportunity do n't be a bagholder !
he would go all out for a friend in need .
anyone thinks jan koes jiri if jiri fights the same way against him
a lot of stuff bound to mess up something .
as others in the thread have pointed out you 'll definitely need to get some engineering done .
the second thing that you 'll need to do is learn to fight .
i know i know it sounds like i am trolling but i am not .
like everything else in elite the combat system is actually very very deep but no where in game will you actually be taught this .
instead you 'll have to rely on external resources again very elite .
vindicator jones has by far the best combat flying tutorials https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=helxzarvdmm list=plst2vzdxdcrwvku6wyfo-z4uhgbobjl_m for elite .
watching his videos and then practicing and mastering the techniques completely changed combat in elite for me .
understanding the things that he teaches will greatly improve your ability and success against the npcs that seem like such a challenge now .
was that like 3 or 4 ruck infringements in a row 2 of which should 've been sin bins and not even a set restart from the ref ?
honestly lower teams legit have some bias against them .
working 10 days straight is a lot especially since you mentioned being depleted easily .
your boss expects you to feel fine about that ?
it makes sense that you 'd be annoyed after having had your struggles diminished . ''
and though i think i understand first-hand about the fawning response i feel sad that you felt the need to apologize to your boss just for having complained . ''
since he 's important to you/you feel close to him and want to keep your job of course you 're conflicted about expressing your frustration .
you mentioned you do n't want to burn out understandably so if you 're gon na work the 10 days straight hopefully you 'll be beefing up your self-care .
your boss telling you he once worked 3 months straight seems like he was saying you have nothing to complain about .
your concerns about it were n't validated by him but that does n't mean your feelings are n't valid obviously .
please do n't tell yourself that you were overreacting .
if i was in your situation i probably would 've freaked out .
i do n't feel like i should give you advice on what to do .
what does matter is what you think and what you feel .
i hope you can be gentle with yourself during this stressful time and all times .
i 'm sorry you 've been put in such a difficult situation .
hard for anyone but of course having cptsd can trigger all kinds of reactions .
i feel the burden of it on a daily basis .
i know life is challenging for everyone but having a trauma history seems to leave us needing to work harder to love ourselves through it all .
sending you my compassion and acceptance no matter how you end up responding to your boss and to yourself !
i mean skarner is a rock through i do n't know if he can be consider a hurricane
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=secure-incident9070 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
do you mean the people who close or are there people working at night after the store closes ?
your gallery post submission was automatically flagged as nsfw because it contained a photo link and the past history of photo links being nsfw .
keep in mind that this sub is open to everyone not just those who are 18 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/circumcision if you have any questions or concerns .
the first 3 books of the dt series plus 'little sisters of eluria ' are the only books i enjoyed out of the series .
in addition i 'd say white balance is off and you 're not paying attention to where your subjects are the background is unattractive and too similar to the subjects in colour and some cats have shadows on them .
you have to use all different contact info and vpn
do you have any experience with either and know what the difference is ?
main reason why you do n't invade a free country ai n't they money or their friends it be the heavily armed locals
i 'm 5'11 and while i manage fine on the bed split in two ... sometimes i wake up with my feet off the end of the bed .
i wo n't even agree to couch or pullman anymore too old for that shit lol .
an easy way to get karma on this sub whether intended or not p
still a bit of a shame given the show was n't bad and the short was a fox mandate according to the creators
moved between states for a super good line cook job and found a plug day one .
they are really beautiful and have obviously been abandoned .
i wish i could keep them but have cats myself already .
what types of new federal gun control do you want
i got tired of them a few years ago .
i will say though that i really enjoy mythical kitchen .
josh 's chaoticism always finds a way to make me smile .
you 're not telling someone what they did was wrong .
you 're telling them how you are so much better than they are for not doing the same .
that is exactly the same sin jesus pegged the pharisee with in his prayer about how glad he was not to be a sinner .
in case you missed the memo witnessing to someone else is n't supposed to be about you .
if you 're bragging about yourself you 're doing it wrong .
go sing your praises about yourself to someone else .
they themselves say in the first paragraph they refused to comment when the reporters reached out to them .
to avoid any possible confusion we request that you keep all financial discussion out of your posts on r/r4r .
if this was a mistake please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fr4r and we will fix it for you as quickly as possible .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
in s3e1 when captain dozerman is at the precinct there 's a scene where jake goes into his office .
dozerman then slides his desk off to the side and jake just goes ... whaaat and i ca n't explain but it 's one of the funniest scenes in the whole show for me .
i have had people say they would murder if it was n't for hell .
i 100 agree with you on wanting a change students ' behaviour is getting worse and i found that i ca n't even teach anymore without being interrupted every two minutes .
i did n't get into this job for the money but the great colleagues paycheck and completing the accreditation process is the only reason why i 'm still teaching this year .
people are so fucking stupid this is actually entertaining to them
i cracked two helmets so far in 2022 and broke 3 bones .
i would hardly walk to the mailbox without a helmet at this point !
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identity theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
no platitudes or generic motivational posts https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules wiki_no_platitudes_or_generic_motivational_posts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
gg rangers you treat that shesterkin well because he 's a keeper
stand profile make new profile or save it to the main profile
if that is a real diamond on their finger they are way further ahead in life than i am so i 'm jealous based solely on that
ahh tuh tuh tuh ... those are rules for thee not for me .
wtf i 've never seen this from jake matthews this is crazy
thankfully his era did n't blow up too bad he had enough quality innings before tonight that he 's only up to a 4.24 totally recoverable
could n't see the final shooting how do you know he was shot in the back ?
the scumbag probably pointed his gun at charlie again ... seeing as he literally is an armed robber and was shooting at charlie in the first seconds of the video .
i filled out a form when i was in grad school just to see how close my stipend put me to being eligible for food stamps .
i was over the cutoff by 200 dollars a month .
then tampa remembered that they are a really fucking good team
someone can use he/him without being a man one of my nb friends does
no not because of any gender-related reason only because its like red-tape to get it changed and then change it on everything else .
if not the family experience would not be as fun
gandalf to radagast meme oh there will most assuredly be fuckery.
haha mine nurses with her arm straight up in the air .
i 'll tuck it down and she 'll pop it right back up .
perhaps a team could court him more aggressively the next time he 's a free agent ...
was gon na ask if that was actually the army or just a scammer but they 're the same thing ...
he has done an incredible job running the championship winning team ... that he inherited
we will give you half the season to a show then wait a few months to put the rest of the show for longer shows aka anime
train the players to shoot at the goal not next to it .
it 's insanely easy bc my mh2500 was taught by wgh and he was kinda like just vibin and bing chillin the whole time
yours was defo tougher i 've seen the pyps from your time and it 's currently not as calculus heavy as before
just do n't cry when cops do that to you because they did n't like your face
gets on my hands and knees looking up to you with my eyes
please let me suck your superior throbbing futa cock its the biggest one i have ever seen i need to taste it
can we get a health wellness check on ray ferraro please ?
i just do n't know how ray is gon na hold up after a blow like this .
he did laugh as he said it so i think it was meant to be sarcastic .
some of them are nurses but even if they are n't they are working in a medical setting and i think the sentiment still stands .
any song specially home for the summer '' spotify or anywhere
i hated hearing yes sir or being treated like i 'm above people .
i always told my cooks my job is to make your job as easy as possible .
if your job is harder then it should be .
it 's not even funny cringe it 's just rude .
is n't there a grade of rebar for welding forget what they called it i 've had to weld some before it is tightened with a tensioner on each end it 's to help support beams before pouring concrete floors ?
but in all seriousness i do get what you mean though personally i find something like astel natural born of the void more terrifying since i ca n't help but feel like that 's not it 's final form .
if i want to grow four plants in a slightly larger than 3 x 3 grow tent and i want to grow start to finish in the same pot growing under a 315 cmh what size pots do you think i should use for organic soil ?
bitcoin is heading to 19k shiba will be gone and doge back to 0.01
rangers have a lot to build on and next year will be bigger and better and when we get back to this point hopefully it 'll be done in fewer games to get to the ecf
we had that issue with our boy when he was younger .
he 's 10.5 months old now and he still does it sometimes but it 's slowly getting better .
one of the things that i think is important for this is making sure your dog does n't get rewarded for being stubborn .
we had to ask folks to walk around us because our boy would lie down in an attempt to force us to let him meet other people or dogs .
bringing a very high value treat for these situations also helps a lot .
we can usually get our pup to get up and come along if we crinkle a string cheese wrapper .
it 's not something you want to rely on but it 's useful for getting going if you 're in a hurry .
she could still be alive but be injured if that happened though .
also the risk of killing the person in the other car .
what if the killer leave charlotte at one gate and control victor to block the other ?
i can see and agree with the neighborhood part of that .
i lived in seattle and buffalo for a while and those were a fairly smaller city compared to chicago and whatnot but when you 'd have to deal with actual day-to-day things you 'd still have to venture in to the city '' .
even the neighborhood grocery stores still had that city feeling since you were still in the city .
i 'm now in a town of 3k being the second largest town in my county and it 's all just the same vibe no matter really where you go which for the purpose of this sub has been a lot 'simpler ' for me .
personally i ca n't see myself living in a town bigger than a few thousand again .
sure i commute 55 miles a day but only about 90 minutes of driving versus some in traffic have to deal with going 20 miles in 90 minutes .
i do like driving and it 's a great way to knock out podcasts/audiobooks .
this thread has been a great read though for different viewpoints of city/suburban/rural living .
ah yes the majority opinion substantially represented by 11 votes and first in controversial .
i noticed in my first couple weeks that i was getting rides when there were several other drivers significantly closer .
there 's always that one mission in war video games where the mc commits warcrimes
it 's real although ordering straight from the manufacturer would elevate any doubt .
dude was so drunk he fought a table and lost .
how many phases does glaive master hodir have and which one is the hardest ?
hey i captured this comment i will send it his church .
same thing people said about chicago in their dynasty years .
i 've been on 100mg zoloft for over a year .
i did gain weight 10ish pounds which was/is hard but the bigger picture is way more important .
they 're upset if some of her staff save her time by helping plan her wedding or if they spend some time editing her books ...
it 's wildly unprofessional and it 's theft of services .
why people normalize this sort of behavior baffles me .
i think you should be more worried about the sexual harassment and dick pics ?
👉 max quality photos imgur.com link 👈 view in desktop mode 🖥 https imgur.com/a/rk2zvp8
the kid eats healthy the vast majority of the time .
if he eats a hot dog at a festival or only chips and salsa at a restaurant who cares .
same for screen time we do n't let our kid watch or scroll on a phone but some tv vintage sesame street or bluey while i get dinner together ?
i was so stressed about so many little things and i 've taken a proactive attempt at just chilling the f out .
another example i 'll slather the kid in sunscreen before going outside for an excursion .
he does n't really tolerate wearing a sun hat and i used to get all bent out of shape utterly focused on the hat wearing and both kiddo and i would wind up pissed and annoyed at each other .
now i just sneak up slip on the hat and if he takes it off ?
i get like 50-75 hat-on-head time and we both get a million times more enjoyment out of our outings .
if someone told me this when my kid was only 5 months old and i was in the throes of ppa and having flash visions of doom i would n't have believed or accepted it .
but 2 years in it has helped me so much as a mom to let my guard down on minor things .
i 'm still a psycho about the road and parking lots and lots of other rules/safety issues but i 've found so much more happiness and enjoyment in my kid 's childhood when i was able to let go of perfection and unrealistic ideals .
thanks that worked i never thought to look at the where to print to having save pdf as an option
i grew up without a father for the most part i have to say that a 1 parent household is better than a toxic one .
if you truely hate your kids you may not be doing anyone a favour by sticking around .
i just ca n't buy this whole idea of moeen coming back into the side
do you ever sell any of your socks or nylons i 'm not into vids too much i like physical items.😊
everyone is going to say it 's good because they do n't wan na get canned from working with companies again .
i think you got the flair wrong should be existing character .
do n't want to get taken down for a mistake .
yeah the naming choice is a little ... . coincidental to say the least.. ?
i 'd like to pound that cute ass then ride your nice cock
ever since covid they dont allow ppl to shower that was still the case 3 months ago dk if they removed that restriction
he has immense sexy potential but always decides to save us mere mortals from it by styling himself like a 15 year old kid coming back from his final exam with his tiffin box
and you do n't think ... if we hand congress to the likes of kevin mccarthy and mitch mcconnell ... that the media wo n't be consumed by the investigations into hunter 's laptop and biden 's impeachment ?
they will make sure that whatever garland does/finds ... wo n't get a blip on the evening news .
if the republicans can do anything right ... it 's control the narrative and keep their supporters on board .
he 's already halfway through his grip on power .
do n't think for one second that the republicans wo n't do everything in their power to ensure their hands stay clean .
half the country still believes trump won 2020 the democrats cheated and jan 6 was a tourist visit .
if congress falls to republicans in november they control all of the federal government and more than half the state governments .
this submission must be reposted because all posts must be exactly titled hmmm '' .
if you uploaded this to reddit deleting this post will also kill the image link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hmmm if you have any questions or concerns .
quick reactions ‘god hates us ' intro was really cool .
‘unholy confessions ' was great but sounds too close to the original version .
answering this honestly would completely doxx myself as i speak two languages from totally different sides of the globe that not many people speak both of .
like if someone said they speak icelandic and hmong not many people have that combo .
that 's not it but that 's how doxxy it 'd be .
amigo primeiro que a sacanagem quem fez foram as pessoas que fizeram um perfil fake de uma mina pra me sacanear .
o meu erro foi ter envolvido uma outra pessoa pra tentar sair dessa e o me arrependo por isso por não ter sabido sair dessa situação e com isso perdido a chance de ter algo com alguém que parevia legal .
eu mereci isso sim mas é evidente que tudo aconteceu pela minha falta de experiencia na época .
it seems you have previously posted 5 submissions within the past 24 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait 24 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2firlgirls .
it 's an ego thing and a result of sometimes genuinely not being the main cause of a loss misattributed to anything going wrong .
he 's been taking a break from wow since the blizzard harassment lawsuits and is diversifying into other games and content including the depp v heard trial .
one of my friends was raised secular never stepped inside a church in her life .
she has no interest in joining any religion as an adult .
it 's never a good idea to raise children without a religion and expect them to just pick one when they 're grown up .
id love to fuck you from behind with your tits pressed against the window so anyone looking has no doubt what 's going on
and i can assure you that response will not endear you to her
kinda like losing a ball in the ivy at wrigley field only way more badass .
egyáltalán nem biztos hogy a timi most jött haza .
nobody needs a doctor these days dr. is just a stupid joke
it 's silly but episode 2 was my favorite .
but that 's just my subjective opinion obviously the vast majority of others think differently about it and that 's ok
probably relishing the fact there 's new kids for him to frighten lmao
no we 're not allowing politics in the sub .
fastest way to divide people and the shills know it .
if you 're actually an ape do n't play right into their hands .
remember this is n't left vs right it 's the bottom vs the very very top ...
you appear to be overcoming gwh 's terrible instructions .
i see them on the reg when i dive in maui .
call around and do n't be a douche bag or tire kicker then dealers will help you .
yes also 5g i just turned it off and will test for a few days .
he 's in 2nd by 20 sec and has fastest lap .
i know what it stands for that 's why i found it funny because hepatitis does n't really spread through air that much .
thought op was really clever and that they came to the conclusion that hepa filter stands for hepatitis filter ...
also the first few shots in the scene resemble the first few seconds on the beginning cutscene in p5
it is similar to talking about 100k bitcoin at the highs .
when that guy came running out with the duct tape after the tires were put on had me cackling
everywhere that it was close there was an audit prior to january 6th that confirmed the results .
they attacked the capital with every intention of preventing the process defined by law from occurring that day .
ho ok i 'm swiss i use to play in french i did n't knew that was called like this !
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
i would love to watch you pleasure yourself with that .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=ezytoaddd .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
the drs problems are really weird perez is n't having the same is he ?
i used to run void winnower and that 's really really close to also making it back in .
you are entitled to your opinion but to believe that all news is partisan and all news makes people who read it is dumb is dogmatic thinking .
i also engage in critical thinking to avoid sources that are biased and or attempting to manipulate and or just overall poor sources .
i get the sense you did n't read any of the sources i provided because they were going to prove you wrong and that 's uncomfortable for you .
so to avoid the discomfort of being wrong or opened to truth you label it as partisan and are able to avoid it .
i do n't know what some rando gal from germany/instagram was supposed to do .
my takeaway is these texts show how an immature angry isolated impulsive reactionary young mind thinks .
the fact that he can legally purchase two dd ar-15s and 60 32-round magazines at age 18 that can make cops cower just blows my mind .
will be interesting to see if he picks a kit number if he does n't i think that 's a good indication he 'll take 10 and sadio is leaving
i swear to god if mclaren give team orders now in favour of lando
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccercirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm just not a huge fan of the company .
i have a trek bike and for the price that was payed by the original owner the parts on it just wo n't hold up .
it 's a trek x-caliber8 and i 'm selling that asap .
i do n't buy bikes new so i 'm not in the market .
oh no how terrible the straight white men do n't get a month to celebrate their privelege i 'm literally crying
suggestion you may take the monthly pass will let you use the bus metro and tram .
he probably is but another comment did n't like that op assumed he was a man when it could also be a woman .
so he changed it to driver as that 's neutral .
i def wan na go out with the ultimate lifeform in a nice restaurant
from give me your opinion if you would n't mind thanks ! ''
not that anyone was fooled for a second by you pretending to enter your discussion in good faith .
you ca n't possibly just state your point at the top because you have to try and trick people into believing it the same way you were .
if you did n't let this be a lesson .
i have the quad lock for my pixel so sorted there .
but a phone holder on the phone is a good idea
a shame it 's known for being such a bitch of a level .
if you need the extra healing/defense then ye suhua if you need more dps dhalia .
it also depends on your line up and if you can reliably apply cc to the enemy team .
if you have a good cc esper like long mian then dhalia might be better .
this post was automatically removed because it was n't flaired .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kalinaryu if you have any questions or concerns .
examination of what people wrote about history why they wrote it what they did n't know what they deliberately excluded or what they deliberately erroneously included is really interesting .
a lot of what we know comes from only three or four extant texts one of the most prominent being the prose edda written by snorri sturluson .
at the start of the text snorri goes to great pains to explain to us that the gods were actually humans who travelled to scandinavia from greece or rome and were most definitely not actual deities .
which is interesting for two reasons the first being that the entire text is actually a treatise for prospective court skalds on how to understand and construct prose .
it 's almost a textbook on technique rather than a historical record .
the other is that it was written two hundred years after iceland where snorri lived converted to christianity .
for obvious reasons he could n't present this as an actual religious text it would have gone against the teachings of the church so when reading it it 's important to remember it was written by a christian man for a christian audience .
i did watch the videos and their entire point is the game manipulates you into spending money by enticing you early on to establish a habit .
they are treating it like if you play the game you will get psychologically trapped into spending money like you 're a brainless zombie .
that because you spent 5 early on you will now have no problem spending 100 over time as if people do n't know how to fucking ad or budget their money .
those videos are extremely condescending and treat the viewer like they wo n't have any ability to say no .
i say no all day long every time i walk down an aisle at the grocery store i want to buy all the shit all the cookies and cereals and ice cream especially the ones on sale or buy 1 get 1 .
i do this everyday with something all day long .
not everyone is stupid those videos treat it like everyone are easily manipulated sheep .
great if those sheep want to pay for me to play the game with my 12 contribution then by all means go for it .
sure they will be at the top 2 of the player base but i could n't care less at this point .
if it changes and the gates become really obnoxious then i stop playing and find something else to do with my money .
i tell my students that my goal is to make them more knowledgeable than me .
whenever they know something i do n't i make sure i compliment them for that knowledge .
sometimes allah puts struggles in people but as a form of test and the greater the test the greater the reward in the hereafter .
if anything a two/three day ferment has n't had time to properly ferment/pickle and especially has n't had time to develop those amazing complex flavors that come out over time .
that said i would n't recommend a thirty day ferment with mash/puree like this either .
would love you to handcuff me then make me choke on it
the same person who hired the poisons that killed wcw '' ?
no it was dixie who ruined tna and anthem had a chance to resurrect it and basically beheaded what was left .
i did mention dixie carter not by name but as part of the messy mismanagement '' .
i was n't going to go into everything because detailing why tna failed but why it was n't as bad as wcw did is a long long story and this post was long enough as it is .
hell the fact that tna is still around and on a tv network means it is n't as bad of a failure as wcw was .
also to say aj and joe were as big as mjf is not true .
joe was also a creation of roh not impact .
also aj was tna 's mjf in that he was the young standout of the promotion .
so i 've done the financial modelling for a 2mw photovoltaic system for the solar specific stuff most of the legwork was really done by the solar sme on the project i just pulled their assumptions into a model .
the approach we took was to identify the lowest power generation over the previous couple of years and establish that baseline as solar on premises so we were n't bothered by feeding in excess to the grid or storing it or any of the shit you 'll probably have to consider lol we were simply dropping our usage .
our contract had charges in a couple of ways daily peak times a multiplier plus a charge for the actual kw/h usage and something like a line fee .
the orientation of the panels affects the generation throughout the day and the latitude determines how the generation will change throughout the year .
if the panels move you need to take that into consideration .
over their lives the efficiency of the panels will degrade and they need maintenance i believe cleaning monitoring and troubleshooting when required
anyway in terms of the actual monthly solar generation this is how we modelled it
we 'd looked at how a couple of local governments were approaching similar projects and they were locking in forward prices long term to satisfy the lenders involved with the power generation companies i think the debt/equity mixes getting used were about 50/50 .
man i remember a 4-5 year stretch leading up to my early 20 's when i had n't cried a single time because i was taught to believe that men need to be tough and that i had no reason to cry because i was given a halfway decent start at life .
man when i finally cried for the first time after alot of pain man i really cried .
do n't before afraid to express your emotions dude .
in the appropriate setting it can be very therapeutic .
well silco could have been a badass villian but chose to become a father for jinx .
i watched this crap 2x to make sure i was n't imagining that.. somehow that 's the most infuriating thing to me .
that 's literally just speculation and very much of a reach .
if you like to say spoilers for whatever reason you are an asshole the same way .
what public messaging centre connects your ad with the 666 hotline ?
so sexual desire is an evil/is wrong but in jannat you are supposed to get 72 virgins ?
a in my knowledge jesus is n't replacing both aubameyang and lacazette .
he 's most likely replacing lacazette and believe me you he 's a massive upgrade .
that said the aubameyang 's replacement is either an in-house solution like martinelli or we are signing another winger to balance out the attack .
there are names flying around and trust me they can fill that gap .
b goals are n't about having one goal machine upfront .
balance and sharing of goals accomplishes way more than one striker teams .
397 138 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/v8z0ki/fresh_album_xxxtentacion_look_at_me_the_album 91 fresh album 93 xxxtentacion look at me the album https music.apple.com/us/album/look-at-me-the-album/1627354434
257 35 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/v8z1nn/fresh_album_e_l_u_c_i_d_i_told_bessie 91 fresh album 93 e l u c i d i told bessie https open.spotify.com/album/45lw1o3gei9iesthzyldat ? si=a5b3ab8d3ca741a2 sp https open.spotify.com/album/45lw1o3gei9iesthzyldat ? si=a5b3ab8d3ca741a2 am https music.apple.com/us/album/i-told-bessie/1624531501 dzr https www.deezer.com/album/319159177
48 5 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/v8z50z/fresh_album_never_broke_again_never_broke_again 91 fresh album 93 never broke again never broke again presents green flag activity https open.spotify.com/album/6p45ixheioalppd3uprdjo
41 1 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/v8z91j/fresh_album_tf_x_2_eleven_skanless_levelz_3_ft 91 fresh album 93 t.f x 2 eleven skanless levelz 3 40 ft. conway the machine trizz bale phonk p charlie whaa 41 https open.spotify.com/album/55gp8p9rbd9xjnfx6bvrhy ? si=j0digxo0rrsvonue2nuk7q
we say nice when 69 but i respect your opinion .
they should be pretty experienced with the new engine at that point .
also look at lidia for example she still looks really bad like she was released back in 2014 despite being the newest character in the game .
i 'd say a bigger issue is land developers buying land for the purpose of building houses and then not building anything on them for years and when they do decide to start building they start demanding that the original planning conditions are changed so they wo n't have to build any affordable housing on the land .
they hold councils to ransom either no houses get built or no affordable housing is built .
everybody just use ltc it 's not as fast but it 's cheap so you can buy the dip i did
we muggles still remember cytokine storms from swine flu and spanish flu .
for anyone who does n't get it i ca n't recommend the great influenza '' by john m. barry highly enough .
i do n't think he 's an immunologist or even a doctor but it 's great .
also if you 're more into videos evolutionary biologist doctor michael worobey can explain anything to anyone .
his death was shown in 1041 in his fight with maha but the attack wasnt confirmed to have killed him until 11 chapters later
i work for myself as a freelancer but i 'm also a design director at second melody https secondmelody.com a brand agency .
if you have any questions or would like to know more about our branding process we can set up some time to chat .
feels like them calling me out for using the daily post on reddit to avoid finding the lore answers myself ...
so do they travel everywhere in those u haul vans ?
perhaps we can all club together and get them some minibuses ?
unless of course they like being crammed together in the back of u haul vans ?
dozens of men crammed together sweaty in the dark ... ...
no as you 'd still be classed as employed by the company until your gardening leave ends .
gardening leave is more a tool to prevent any malicious actions by someone in a position of trust during their notice period .
let 's say an it admin is made redundant .
or they hand in their notice after a soured relation with the company .
you probably do n't want this person accessing the company servers any more so you remove their access .
but they ca n't do their job in this situation so you put them on garden leave for their notice period
describing a monarchy in the modern era not a monarchy itself which is modern
why do your friends know your husband 's dick size and what his dick looks like ?
you guys all have group sex together and he consensually partakes in it .
you showed them pictures of his dick and talked about it .
he whipped his dick out with your friends around .
no bro i think evan peters could play the role of reverse flash in wanda vision he just gave me the vibes of reverse flash more than quick silver .
that hatch in the back is only big in comparison to the top hatches lol .
its mainly meant for allowing quick replenishment of ammunition and possibly stowing a couple of wounded people in an emergency .
but yes it does make getting in and out quickly and safley somewhat easier .
of course i am enjoy me as your dessert hope you can take everything but if you do i 'll let you cum inside
if yes i 'm surprised the game is still ongoing considering how rushed the content was .
well well literally as i was weiting this comment i got an email about the game having a new version .
juniper vanilla and cinnamon feel more like halfling flavours to me .
dwarves would be more ginger oregano sage or rosemary .
akainu will likely be a main antagonist at the end weather he his the strongest or not is too be seen but i doubt it but he will be an important final threat .
most people who do do that it 's because their life took a wrong turn .
as an enfp wow thank you for wait you put me where ? ! ?
of course i 'm good but i 'm not chao ... .
the first time we saw the movie i predicted everything that happened in that scene just before it happened and my friends just about shit their pants .
i said why i think you equating fictional space crimes on an american show with white leads to actual colonization is insulting .
if you do n't agree you do n't agree .
and i meant i do n't appreciate your condescension by calling me a kid .
204 at buffalo wild wings ... you were running your ass off !
well the big difference is pixel actually likes mecha shows and understand all the context .
i was mainly screaming about tropey writing ... and other flaws .
i just finished the first big mission it is pretty good ! !
please make sure you are abiding by the rules on the sidebar with this post .
if you are looking for a place to post specific things please make use of the subreddits below
the lord of the rings the rings of power r/lotr_on_prime
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lordoftherings if you have any questions or concerns .
its the one that restricts magazines and requires a license to buy a firearm forgot what else .
and also it does not seem likely to get on the ballot .
but next year the legislature is basically going to do all of what they want and more .
used to be called a shotgun '' bit these kids these days are pussies .
number actually bumps up to 7 if we count team sonic racing too lmao .
let have her grab a gun some stileto and have a god damn blowout ! !
but for real i fear for her next season i think that she 's just entering hell .
dunno if we 're gon na see much of the restless go-getter sally next season ...
i think it would be cool if she was rachel .
they could develop her character more and deepen her relationship with percy and make the love triangle between them and annabeth have more steaks
i think i would enjoy it ... but as a busy father and husband i will only have time for one game this summer .
me i do n't know you anymore ... you 're breaking my heart you 're going down a path i ca n't follow ...
my favorite youtuber who just got exposed for racist/hateful tweets because of cancel culture ?
me because of what you 've done ! ! !
them seeing that i 'm following the person who exposed them liar ! ! !
we are a welcoming body-positive community to sellers and non-sellers alike .
all we ask is that you do not attempt to advertise or promote on this platform overtly or covertly – this includes directing people to your profile subreddit off-site domains or asking for dms/follows .
furthermore in order to post to obsf you must be at least 30 years of age .
moderators reserve the right to remove any posts they suspect to be revenge porn non-consensual creepshots or if they ca n't suffciently determine its legitimacy .
please consider verifying your account https www.reddit.com/r/obsf/comments/sqck79/how_to_verify to avoid such actions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/obsf if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include the required age/gender tag .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
please make sure your new submission follows rules 1-8 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rateme if you have any questions or concerns .
guys they need to remove all the characters from aba they 're too op 🤓🤓🤓🤓
definitely an all day thing but i thought it might be worth camping overnight and breaking up the hike .
i have n't done san g yet and have been a bit intimidated to try it .
she looks like she 's going to have a loot of fun
there 's more than one formula for a story .
not every tale needs to tick off the same bullet-points .
the op said they want the reader to feel isolated .
you do n't need dialogue and relatable displays of emotion for engagement .
perhaps they can make the isolation itself emotionally engaging .
just upvoted your post could you do the same on this comment ?
a dice tower is a tool used by gamers to roll dice fairly .
dice are dropped into the top of the tower and bounce off of various hidden platforms inside it before emerging from the front .
dice towers eliminate some methods of cheating which may be performed when rolling dice by hand .
there are many forms of towers and they vary in construction and design .
dice towers have been used since at least the fourth century in an attempt to ensure that dice roll outcomes were random .
the vettweiss-froitzheim dice tower is a surviving example used by romans in germany it has essentially the same design as modern examples with internal baffles to force the dice to rotate more randomly .
interested in college and pursue football see if i still got it obviously with training .
plan b would be joining the army and try sof there .
there 's some delay before your post is visible so just wait before trying to repost it .
be aware of scammers who contact you privately – legit editors will only comment publicly in this thread .
some editors will use a watermark to protect their work – if you choose their submission they will remove it .
once your request is solved remember to change your post 's flair and thank those who helped you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
do i still have to reset my pin every time ?
twibeam she looks very regal and fluffy an excellent combination .
your post has been automatically removed because your account has less than 30 karma .
click here https www.reddit.com/r/firstdayontheinternet/comments/30b44n/could_someone_explain_how_the_reddit_karma_system/cprx7g1 to find out more about karma how it works and how you can acquire it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chiraqology if you have any questions or concerns .
i kept seeing that ad on tv and if i did n't know any better i would assume it was pro oz .
literally everything in that ad is favorable from a liberal pov .
neither of the guys are deaf they just ca n't hear certain frequencies due to
also the pokedex in game is the average height of a given species so technically there could be taller infernape .
good luck and do n't worry too much about dying early on .
i tend to loose a whole slew of captains before leaving the reach or even making significant progress in it before stuff clicks into place and i get a better feel for the game .
i stupidly did n't have a whitelisted withdrawal address for my btc .
i whitelisted it 90 minutes ago with the plan to withdraw it all .
luckily not too much btc but it still stings .
other decent combos that fall in the great roll category 25/15v 50c/15v 25/15r e/15r
government can seize land as long as they pay what the government sees as a fair price to the owner
for now you can try using steam controller support for the game as for when the controller support will be added we ca n't confirm yet as it is now being developed !
we will definitely let you know when more information is available !
i need to eat this but only with vegan hamburger meat .
though i would recommend another tip-earning job part time also .
i mean rivalries like that are europe 's business because it involves greece a european country in the eu .
we could keep nato in case of someone like p*tin coming to power but that should pretty much be all the american involvement in european affairs .
use that with somebody with the military skill programs i 'd say .
cheating on someone repeatedly for years is considerably worse than cheating once probably drunk at a party .
i would just want to know the facts if it were me instead of assuming the worst if it were someone i 'd spent 3 years building a life with .
you have to get verified as original content poster .
you will find verification details in subreddit sidebar on your computer and in about section on your phone .
if you think it was taken down by error please contact moderators .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fjizzedtothis message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fjizzedtothis 2fcomments 2fvb238f 2fgrinding_your_hard_cock_with_my_ass_and_thick 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
i know how badly i want to share this !
it 's an exciting time in my life and i want you to know that i 'm not a robot but i 'm trying my best .
russia literally lost 4 out of 5 offensive operations the only success is controlling territory from mariupol to kherson .
they may gain a couple of villages and smaller cities but it 's not a video game and you ca n't call this winning .
ua still has enough forces to defend efficiently and launch couter-offensive which we 'll see in coming months .
they still get shit ton of stuff from nato in short things are okay .
things may obviously change but we 'll see in the end of the year .
i do n't think there will be any consequences because i denied my pregnancy to a very distant family member that is n't blood related .
i made an edit of the comic that perhaps you might prefer
this reminds me that i first fell hard for hobi when i heard him sing cherry blossom ending .
did n't tuchel play a role because farke was his friend from dortmund ?
gilmour is good with the ball he needed work without it and in a team which was going to have to fight a bit for it .
i think the speed at which things capitulated from norwich set the tone for how this loan went .
there really was no recovering for anyone at the club after the first 7 matches or so .
sure maliit kapag malambot pero gaano kalaki kapag matigas ang smol boi titi ?
there 's a difference between it 's impossible for a young person to buy a house '' and i 'd rather buy more nice things and forego the house ''
it 's really important to talk about things like that though .
i loved what hie did in bahrein and saudi for example .
i just find it weird what he is currently doeing .
it 's almost like there is a different driver in that car than we had that first 3 races
yes it gets a bit repetitive at times but i love the atmosphere and the storytelling and lincoln is a badass you 'll like spending time with .
and let 's face it massacring kkk members and other white supremacist assholes never get old .
also it has some of the most enjoyable driving i 've experienced in a game the optional racing missions are even fun unlike almost every other game i 've played !
i think the game mainly got criticized because it was half-finished when it came out but after years of patches that 's not a problem .
i 'd say get the trilogy box with the definitive editions .
this one i pulled from a 1960 parts kit .
i did n't even realize the 2 folding stocks i have are different one from csa and this one from the parts kit thanks bud lol
that was such an accurate and disturbing portrayal of an incel .
ai n't no way someone really made these and thought they looked the same
we 're happy to share that our first demonstration satellite dubbed janus i will launch via a pslv rocket in the coming months .
we 've inked a service agreement with new space india ltd nsil to make this a reality .
janus i is an advanced smart satellite powered by our open platform and will demonstrate software-defined capabilities—including five customer payloads an onboard edge compute gpu cluster and software-defined radio .
this is all possible through our rapid development process and novel antaris marketplace which brings together validated solutions providers .
on average yes but they could probably be in the top 3 or 4 if the championship was in a separate country to the pl
just thinking about how the england players got to the ground this morning here 's what i reckon
pope vespa looks great at 20mph a bit wobbly in the 30 's and terrifying past 40
root does n't leave the field between days ' play
bairstow hopped in with a spectator because two quid for a litre of petrol is outrageous
stokes walks from his house to the ground every day as a pilgrimage
foakes waits for the fans to complain about his omission from the team long enough and occasionally just materialises at the ground to placate them
anderson triumph tr3 that he bought brand new back when he was awarded his first test cap .
if he thought it was a bit fed up he would have killed it
so many of the duggar boys look to me like they have a mild lazy eye .
james here joe especially always looked like this to me too .
i feel like they think men ca n't wear glasses .
yep lots of people get hotel rooms exclusively to bang in .
honestly nothing in these comments would make me stop you seen hotel prices these days ?
i have 120hz running all the time but apps like youtube and tiktok or prime video etc use 120hz for no reason .
i use bixby routines search in settings you can create a routine when using these apps to use 60hz .
u can also make alot of other power saving routines to ur liking .
the artist is piotr jabłoński btw he has a very recognizable style
i 'm here to hate on one piece and call oda offensive slurs
all i do is trade them to my brothers switch with regular names and tell him i got em from a frieind
middle tree was nerfed because benevolent dawn was way too strong to be freely-selectable .
on its own with no stat investments bd gave roughly 10-second cooldowns to all your abilities just from having an ally touch your rift or be nearby when you landed a melee hit .
in the last twab they specifically mentioned moving away from abilities that gave so much power for 0 build investment .
the only thing keeping benevolent dawn balanced was the fact that it was tied to middle-tree dawnblade a pure support spec .
with the aspect/fragment system that 's no longer the case so it got nerfed .
at that point it makes more sense to turn it into a fragment since it 's not strong enough to be an aspect on its own and the other two classes can also benefit from the effect .
meaning that they cant '' use a nuke first .
you can bet that the us or the west doesnt agree with that policy .
china has always advocated for the world to have less nukes .
'' i can assure you that if the u.s. says that they are ready to come down to the chinese level china will be happy to participate the next day '' fu cong head of the chinese foreign ministry 's arms control department said at a news briefing in beijing .
but actually we know that 's not going to happen . ''
if the us insist of having china as a enemy it would only make sense for china to prepare themselves .
how to fix replace or live without anything you are relying on .
anything can and will go wrong in the least convenient time .
you can actually find a lot of information on preper/survivalist forms .
understand that sometimes the solution to get you out of shits creek will likely fuck up whatever you improvise on .
i went on a bit of a tangent last post .
here 's the thing we have n't got to see her mentally overcome anything since arc 4 .
and tenpai has stated she 's suppose to grow two more times and people want to see that .
but people also want to see it happen away from subaru .
and yes you can say that she 's not near subaru but it 's at best going to be a side story not the major focus of an arc .
people wanted an entire arc dedicated to the two being separated and emilia having to do stuff on her own .
this as in the arc while fitting the criteria is still related to subaru .
trump was the one who started the capitol insurrection or riot as they are calling it here .
he just lied to his base implying they 'd be joining him at the capitol .
tbh i would n't say it 's had but i 'd say it 's the definition of mid .
the first time i watched i got as far as the diamond kingdom training .
several months later i decoded to give it another shot and got to the elf invasion arc before turning it off again .
a lot of the characters have a catch phrase or a running joke and its repeated to a crazy degree .
in two episodes that joke was repeated back to back about 6-7 times .
it 's a wonder a writter was n't fired for doing that .
the repetativeness of the dialogue makes a lot of the characters seem super 1 dimensional and borderline retarded .
the pacing is super quick with too many fights .
now all of the fights are great to showcase all of the characters there is a pro to it .
but watching black clover feels like i 'm watching a 6 hour long string of fight scenes with only brief breaks .
often times new allies or enemies arrive either during or just after a fight which cause them to feel like they 're all just bleeding together .
the heavier themes of the plot seem to be conveniently written off .
one example of this is noelle 's treatment by her family .
they directly said it was her fault their mother died and they openly wished it was her who died instead .
later we learn about how her mother dies and this conflict is resolved when nozelle says he did care about noelle he was just acting that way out of fear of losing her .
this is n't an appropriate resolution to that level of conflict it feels like a cheap ass pull .
there 's a similar lack of resolution to the elf storyline .
especially when compared to how heavy the conflict was leading to it .
they add to the atmosphere and orientation of the photograph .
i would n't know that there was a road there if there were no power line there .
it 's all about the little things in the right places😁
irgendwie sehe ich das strukturelle problem der kirche im allgemeinen nicht .
die fälle in nicht-katholischen kirchen erscheinen mir doch sehr vereinzelt und mit wenig organisierten schutz der täter durch die institution .
if you see what this woman looks like you 'll realize she 's just doing her best
did you ever hear the tragedy of darth plagueis 'the wise ' ?
it 's not a story the jedi would tell you .
darth plagueis was a dark lord of the sith so powerful and so wise he could use the force to influence the midi-chlorians to create life ...
he had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying .
he became so powerful the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power which eventually of course he did .
unfortunately he taught his apprentice everything he knew then his apprentice killed him in his sleep .
it 's ironic he could save others from death but not himself .
i 'm planning on building a nas/server soon and was considering using windows server with storage spaces for compatibility reasons .
what sort of issues did you find and was it under windows 10 or server ?
so i should play dumb until i am the manager !
so clear that the players simply do not give a shit about this break and just want a rest
you do n't want to which is a very different thing .
mosquitoes will hide and live in tall grass to protect themselves from winds and birds and shit .
and you 'd be the first in line to complain if a space exploration game did n't include any single one of those parts shown .
the only serious value in most farm land is that it may one day become building land .
to have your ideal you wan na be rich enough that the farming is just for fun .
i thought the answer was to play baby shark to the world on a loop until we all surrender .
report anyone breaking these rules or any harassing comments by using the report button .
check out our other sub bbcparadise https www.reddit.com/r/bbcparadise which motto is to satisfy your urges of watching interracial sex in action .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gilf if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're so cute and i love tour smile .
yeap rather than the dota logo itself this is better
so ... you 've had to fix lots of a/c systems on cars that are now 1-3 years old ?
i 'm glad you were able to do the testing now !
if you 're the white house is that a good headline for you
so they make a design choice to try and limit toxicity even a little bit and then you complain about the toxic design choices ?
you 're entitled to your opinion sure but i would maybe refrain from speaking for others because i am definitely not here for the salt .
i play my game click next and forget the last game even happened win or lose .
what of the crop is in the ground compared to previous years ?
read an article a few weeks ago that scared the shit out of me saying in most of the midwest only 30 or so of what 's usually in the ground by this point is
i mean when i tried to find someone online i got a lot of messages so i could n't really answer all of them .
i started to not bother answering those who obviously did n't look at my profile apart from the photo and all the hi '' s and hello '' s plus all gross creepy messages of course .
i did n't expect an essay just a little something that showed interest .
my fiancé for example had seen in my profile that i like star trek so his first message was hi how are you ?
i think your pretty face would look good covered as well as your mascara runs
and the clickbait news media make it worse because doom headlines get more clicks and clicks matter more than informing in a factual balanced way .
awful things will keep happening although we 've come a long way .
tens of thousands die in wars now not tens of millions .
people are still starving but a lot less than they used to https www.globalhungerindex.org/images/2021/trends/figure-1-2_en.png .
the climate is still fucked but less fucked https climateactiontracker.org/global/temperatures than it was even 5 years ago https web.archive.org/web/20181129133157/https climateactiontracker.org/global/temperatures .
which perk is it if you do n't mind helping a new player out ?
how would you like if you 're daddy was tied to a chair and forced to watch ?
fnv is the only game i have experience with .
hell spent nearly as much time modding it as i did playing it and despite hundreds of hours i never did play all the way through to the end .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
on a serious note is it just me or is this title pretty weird ?
it kind of implies that it 's a rare thing to have fun without harming others .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
one of the other bikers was the sister of the crazy marine that died in the bolivian bum rush in season 1 .
but there is one more fair in this season .
as per our beta server update avalanche and odin will get a small buff
actually its a british sailors blue jackets '' victorian era marines .
but i have the golden necklace so i want the rings so if they ever get buffed again ... .
also has the potential for a stamina bleed build that i 'm working on .
unfortunately the housing bug chapped my ass and i spent all of my ap on deadly boxes in bruma .
got two daggers in the end my desire to finish my house was n't as important as my bleed build lol .
pyrrha should have survived v3 and jaune should have dumped her for the rocket locker stunt .
after drinking this potion i feel like swapping with a busty barbie surrounded with pink
oh i fully recognize that my love for walter mitty is a purely personal one .
my life followed a very similar trajectory to the main character so i saw a lot of myself in that movie in a way that i could never reasonably expect anyone else to share .
lol meanwhile someone did it again with the same thought .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebswithbigtits if you have any questions or concerns .
i know it 's not your job and it would end up hurting you but have you tried hinting to them that it may be time to look for new opportunities ?
switching companies every 1-2 years is the proven way to increase salary the most .
fuck company loyalty when they do n't want to pay for it .
the forbes article says 2 years but 1 year is the point where 99 of hr people wo n't label you as a job hopper .
it 'll be a greater than 50 lifetime increase since you 'll be getting more salary increases than someone who waits 2 years .
it 's because the right wants to distance itself from it .
it gives them a bad look that 's why they wo n't report on it .
they 're getting the support and voted from those people so why would you show them as being crazy .
i had a similar experience with diy plasma i intend to experiment with it again .
download grindr make a profile chat with some guys suck some dick .
this is a reminder that we also have a discord server and a matrix space where you can share your projects ask for help or just have a nice chat level up and unlock server perks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/developersindia if you have any questions or concerns .
have a few coins with them in what they call a hodl mode '' and on what i was thinking would be a nice stack and forget '' ... dang hope i can withdrawl it back soon .
you can also take the ocean 's breath from the selkie and alter that to be like .
in nature and have the forest give or take something away .
i would just keep it to 6 moves like the usual for skins .
we are conductive all biological material would be the same .
inquisitor level 99 tree https www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/aaaabgubfz9amyfymqhnuftz8ysw9zkgd8sk-6qfe6ej7yfrymbmcwxmviihu_atcl8_m2weszbouf36gdbpcqmg0dgkg7zmnizxgjj4689-na4ddep_l9b60hcc1essqn3x9ytsisxfpbnkvb0ufm_som0wagf2xhv6g3miagvypwgxl4ckvryw-paf891vqbedcyxvdtq5fcd53xasapktcrrx5n23mz_ljwuxtakw42pfbk7_otgkqgirwqr5ahf5hxiamj7n8kgce1xwemmqvwtnhimx4yumj0abbtj8jy_7lp1jfltvowy5gpvaghpy2xxozsmlpq_fhuoy7wfyr6luawaqabmagqstaqsmvqgtcozpuf3uqfqagegs8b5q1es6gn3x2az3jhpjg3lhfzmj6id7lg open in browser https pob.party/share/iyomameniyotau by u/mudcaker https reddit.com//u/mudcaker
path of building https github.com/openarl/pathofbuilding feedback https www.reddit.com/r/pobpreviewbot this reply updates automatically .
i 'm sure this wasnt your intent but that would offend a lot of people .
do n't diss the traditional food of an entire culture .
except for the 10,000 blm protesters that were arrested .
a world with monsters war terrorist super powered fighters who either abuse their power and use it for evil or use their power to suppress the evil
the world takes place at 2020 at an unknown individual who has a normal life working until one night he was called saying he was invited to join shield soldier 's ...
this story will only show shield soldier 's side and there are 2 other factions will be introduced
fun fact by the writer this is the first army i thinked of before supersoldier with no story
disclaimer the story is fiction meaning none of this is real and happening
all of what you 're saying depends heavily on three factors .
3 they have n't muted you during legend select .
neither are guaranteed and if even one of those factors are ignored by a teammate the entire aspect of communication falls apart so most of the time it 's not worth the effort to find out when the ping system does just fine .
its still not really funny to me but now i make the greatest jokes as a coping mechanism lmao
it was a specific thing '' i wanted a high resolution image of to make a car decal with .
i 've commissioned similar-themed art for the same purpose and that 's never cost me less than 100 an image ... so the 5 image was a good deal and just happened to be exactly what i was looking for .
in general i 'm not a huge fan of downloadable merchandise . ''
you 've taught meddy lou to be self conscious about her head so she is constantly trying to cover it up just like you do .
his 2 and 3 guy were out for the series and he still performed a never done before achievement .
they gave iguodala finals mvp because lebron deserved it most .
the issue is some vassals that even with positive opinion join factions .
and every faction is ether accept our demands or total war .
you should be able to interact with them a little and war should be a last/end resort for some .
also by having a loyalty faction or atleast one that support the monarch you would get less vassals joining factions that makes not much sense for them to be in at the time
when my baby was 6-12 months old crust of rust on the chromecast was the best way to get him to sleep .
i was told by the experts on here that we would never go below 35 ... then 30 ... then 25 .
i think you can see where this is going .
probably the social area talking with people being in control .
height do n't equal reach ala volk and holloway volk has a longer reach
good luck with your beautiful work and happy stitching !
would n't be the worst trauma that he experienced .
honestly it 'd probably be the equivalent of just another tuesday .
i think when detective skills are used the diagnostic fee should be higher .
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fertilegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
yta for making a post that belongs in like three other subs besides this one .
if this desire/fetish is so strong that it is an absolute must in a relationship then yes you should voice this desire so it either happens or you two can move on .
it would make you the asshole to assume a woman would do it without checking first or breaking up with her without communicating what you want from the relationship first .
telling a woman about your desires early on is not an asshole move it 's a good communication move .
this must happen often between these two or the cat would of taken off .
so kind of him to change to a black shirt to represent the personality shift .
also if you did n't sign a prenup then that house is just as much yours as it is his .
hope they throw this turd in gen pop and let the guards take an extended break
can i run them slow on you then fast on me ?
yeah i 'm pretty happy with my decision to move to cash which i was unsure of at the time
my god are some of you still clinging on to that stupid joke he made during grill the grid ?
here is the scale fingering chart if anyone 's interested https drive.google.com/file/d/1jtgjr7yt5zlodtaq1s_cetgmrccpmben/view ? usp=sharing
and this chart is amazing 240 7th chords https michaelpaganmusic.com/pdfs/240_7th_chords.pdf
saw this about a year ago heading back from work with my buddy .
we fucking pissed ourselves had to convince him not to make a u turn to go chase it
the skins chests and god drops only are available as drops from mizkif 's channel whenever he has drops active for smite .
if you 've never changed a position after thinking about it for a while having new experiences or getting new information then you 're the definition of closed minded .
joe rogan 's podcast is different than a typical pundit in that pundits say what they 're paid to say or what will get them attention .
rogan seems to genuinely be willing to bring on people with different opinions and listen .
this will naturally lead to opinions sometimes changing which is kind of the point of learning so overall i 'd say it 's perfectly fine .
guaranteed she has been like that her whole life .
she definitely has a learning curve but feels a lot stronger once you 've overcome that .
her q and r are super slow casting travel time some tips to help with that are .
use fog of war to surprise enemies cast your q and ult from brush and behind walls to hide the long casting animation which gives the enemy players less time to react .
30 slow and travels much faster then your q it has slightly less range then your q but landing it beforehand increases the chances of the q connecting .
she definitely excels at disengaging but your ultimate works best as engage when you find a flank angle fo shepard the backline into your team .
casting w at the right time is essential casting too late causes a significant dps loss while casting too early may lead it to expire without the revive effect activating .
keep in mind it ramps up over 5 seconds and refreshes for an additional 5 seconds for every takedown .
her e has very poor numbers due to the fact it can hit every ally and enemy champion at once .
position yourself so you can shield and slow/damage at the same time .
your e hotbox is also around renata so you can stand in front of an ally and cast e at an enemy and if they 're close enough they 'll still get the shield .
i hope all this helps she 's v strong under the right circumstances .
indeed no doubt about it and monero is going to work for that matter
and this might not work dor that matter as we had seen this is not going to work .
aww do you want us to join your pity party for white peoples ?
it 's what she 's there for to make our cocks twitch
yeah but us euphoria has almost no link to the israeli version i know it 's weird to say that especially cause it 's a remake but all of the plot is different .
and the show is just different in all aspects from scenario to characters the israeli version was like a blueprint to what they had in vision .
rue 's character is inspired by euphoria 's us creator and all of the other main characters are either remodeled or new .
my point is they should n't have that interaction in the first place why even roleplay at this point .
heck just move along when you see a cop just keep driving .
do n't sbs around a cop just make it serious and bland .
i worked for a company that insisted on calling it attrition when we were actually calculating turnover .
you 're trying to deflect because you know posting this is wrong .
if they did n't care about that kind of stuff they would all be doing it is my guess .
it will be interesting to see what comes of fitsnews when this story has played out .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
kinda ... on a real note though do whatever floats your boat .
if you dont want pvp and are done with your base maybe find somebody to give it to .
or find a new better spot to move with higher traffic so your more on edge while building and have more opportunities to try to defend it .
now that makes sense on where i 've been able to catch this phrase !
a lot of the times he just tells me he would n't have done it that way or tells me of 50 ways i could do 1 simple task .
for the most part i 've just been researching on ways to do a lot of the stuff and conceiving ways to do things .
it 's just making sure tat everything is straight is the difficult part .
but we as in him have a lot of triangles and such to do that .
yeah it 's super frustrating when your waking up from a seizure to accusations and a million questions
i was dating this guy for about two months and constantly brought up his ex wife and the girl he met after his ex .
i was quick to realize that he did n't even like me that much and was using me as a rebound to try and forget about them .
i knew it was too much when he started talking about signs he would see .
a butterfly that he would randomly see would be a sign because his ex had a butterfly tattoo .
that 's when i was like yeah i 'm getting out of here .
a lot of people tend to use others as therapists they think it 's okay to talk about their exes because you guys are in the stage of getting to know each other .
they will use it as an excuse to say my ex was in the past and i have to mention my ex if i talk about my life .
no the fuck they do n't leave their asses because you deserve better than that
i do n't remember the exact causalities but probably me fighting the troll warren as the washington brotherhood when i first played the mod .
only thing i remember was that at the end all of my previously seasoned and the few veteran units from the alaskan expedition where all recruits my manpower was completely gone and feeling like i had just played a 40k type war in a hoi mod .
i hope the 8.0 update can recapture that feeling because it was probably the most fun i 've ever had with the mod tbh .
i really enjoyed that part thought it was very fitting .
she was one of my favorite non-recurring side characters .
i do n't like any globalists and you are correct there are many sell-outs in the repub party .
i despise that ideology just as much in them .
you seem to think the dem party is not behind all the censorship with big tech big tech is dominated by blue checks and that is in no way contributing to political debate ie a functioning two-party '' system .
legacy media is state media and it is dominated by progressives .
you speak of this two-party democratic republic but seem to be in the party that suppresses basic rights in the bill of rights free speech the 2nd amendment heck even civil rights and of course separation of powers which is under attack by democrats .
we have a dc gulag where political prisoners are detained yes those from j6 who the dems could n't decide what to even charge them with .
if you think j6 was an insurrection '' we have nothing in common .
and the lies from the j6 committee are lies from essentially a show-trial .
i would be down if we had fun mini games type one but that 's too much coding probably
yea they are always some outliers but i 'm saying the search is way harder as you 're already do n't make the basic cut for a lot your dating pool is much smaller and to look for that while having cfs work and it is even more tiring to date after that .
as a british columbian in new zealand i miss old dutch ketchup chips dearly .
reese burritos have a special place in my heart too .
those are your too choices have detailed system that clearly defines everything or have the dm make shit up .
you have to choose which of those to do for everything .
dnd has a lot of detail in combat and leaves most of everything else to gm judgement .
you can simplify add rules or make the rules more elegant .
full auto is usually only used for suppressive fire .
it 's very hard to accurately fire while in full auto .
it 's not used to kill a lotta people quickly
ca n't be a boy band cuz i 'm playing the maracas 🎶
i do n't have any issues with the clip other than it 's too short .
i still think you are kirk hinrich at best but i hope you prove me wrong .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your title
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
replace the first r '' with your gender and the second r '' with the gender you 're looking for
use only m f t or a for tagging gender .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/dirtysnapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
but include pictures of kittens and puppies so it 's not creepy
your sister is racist and is n't accepting your child .
it 's poisonous as many nightshades are on some part of the plant .
the code is hard to read without any indentation .
prepend each line with four spaces to get reddit to display it properly and then you wo n't have to escape anything with backslashes .
first of all enable compiler warnings they can help you detect some issue early .
for example the compiler could warn you that generate_matrix takes four parameters but main passes only two to the function .
declare or define functions before you call them i.e .
either move main to the end of the file or declare generate_array and generate_matrix somewhere before main .
d d v m are pretty generic names they do n't carry much meaning .
how about random_numbers and random_numbers_len instead of v and d or matrix and matrix_len instead of m and d ?
i think that would make the code much easier to read .
and maybe it would be easier to see that the four loops in generate_matrix iterate from 0 to d exclusive which is the length of the array they access the array m out of bounds because d is smaller than d .
btw if you need unique random numbers from a somewhat small range of numbers then create an array fill it with all numbers shuffle it .
to the extent it 's as common as intimate partner/familial domestic violence and occurs on a regular basis in the workplace like it would in the home for a partner/child ?
if i had to keep one thing from that movie it 's the tatoo design
i got my deepmind 12 for 600 and i still ca n't believe it
to respond to both of your comment i agree that has she faced vader the fight would n't have gone the same way but the point is that she did n't fight him ... she faced a way weaker opponent but the result stand she left the fight unharmed and without any psychological scar ...
i do n't know what the director thought kylo even strongly weakened i completely agree to both your point on him could have make her flee or she could have been saved by chewie .
that way kylo would have been way more menacing and she would have at least failed one thing in this movie .
if she would have ultimately fallen to the dark side this would have been a good way to show her fall but since she 's way stronger than the attraction of the dark side it did n't really matter at the end how she defeated him no matter how .
and if it was what they wanted to show it should have been way more evident instead of closing her eyes like qui-gon did in ep 1 she should have started yelling like anakin did in ep 3 .
and while kylo wanted her alive he could have easily chopped off one of her hand or harm her any other way .
a saber instantly burn the wound so you ca n't loose blood he just had to do n't target any vital organ .
« i 'll just hit on her saber until she surrender » .
in conclusion i agree that the outcome was possible but it was the perfect spot to make her loose once and it did n't even happened so no that alone does n't make her a mary sue but that was the perfect time to prove she was n't one and instead she proven that she ca n't loose against a weakened enemy or not .
even if you do n't get to see them live just watching the vids brings tears to my eyes .
if mary sue was what you were going for yes .
they are absolute perfection in who they are and what they do
an all black cartier must homage would be great .
i 'm not spending that kind of money on a quartz .
there 's no universe on which i would but it 's a cool silhouette .
high-king is n't a concept invented before there were smaller kingdoms to be high-king over .
even if fingolfin was following feanor he did it as just was one lord among others and feanor was king in style finwe was before who also had not been high-king .
when maedhros abdicated it was the kingship not high-kingship .
his and other kingdoms like fingon turgon and finrod 's were n't established until later and that 's when the title was .
my pitchforks are ready but i do n't remember seeing it
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfans101 message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfans101 2fcomments 2fvbvlzc 2fte_gustar c3 ada_conocerme_latina_colombia_y_paisita 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
i do n't remember him mentioning anal in the chatlog .
we move like the ocean by bad suns gives me similar vibe .
your biggest problem is assuming this is how things work .
believe it or not just because you a political person on a subreddit dedicated to politics believes rightly or wrongly that they should have done this previously is not going to fly with joe 6 pack who votes once every 4 years if that .
this by nature of being political requires iron clad evidence both in the arena of law and public opinion
you keep your receipts and tell your lawyer you have paid 500 in medical expenses and need at least that much .
if you do n't want to see any bills then have your lawyer coordinate
girl i 've had this exact problem my whole life !
i 'm 31 now and i recently started microneedling it has def healed a lot of my scarring but ive accepted ill never have perfect skin
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=babygirl03x .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
buschmannplattitüden klingen hier und da zwar mal nett unabhängig davon gehe ich stark davon aus dass man im herbst erneut tun und lassen wird was man will mit voller deckung des bundesverfassungsgerichts solang es die fachkundigen und modellierung hergeben werden .
beim abdanken von trump erinnert sich vielleicht noch der ein oder andere an die pack the court '' thematik .
ohne säuberung und neuaufzug mit garantierter parteipolitischer unabhängigkeit wird sich das vermutlich auch nicht mehr reformieren lassen .
honestly if lana was in a group that per say was anticipated i think her ethnicity would have been overlooked for the sake of the whole group .
but honestly it really does n't make sense for a white person to debut in kpop when a person like her would be treated like a gem in western music industries .
one of my top 3 favourite star wars movies lmao .
the music and the final battle give me goosebumps every time .
imagine being able to watch episodes 1-6 in that order without any knowledge of star wars and feeling the pain obi-wan felt seeing anakin turn sith .
i do have a card as a better replacement of my starlord card only problem i have with it is that it does n't want to change its own quality unfortunately ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
in other words the fire pump is designed with built-in battleshorts .
if a home burns in a wildfire it is covered .
source happened to me and a lot of friends and neighbors .
it 's those unforgettable special moments that bring us the most joy and create the most memorable experiences it 's what makes life worth living❤️
edit i know it was only intel at first but according to a reply it may have came to amd as well
the vast majority of delta 8 thc is that light so i would n't particularly worry about it from a color perspective .
ahh yes american single serving or 8 servings for the rest of the world .
your post has been removed because it is a near or exact duplicate of a previous post .
do not repost unless you have permission from the mods to do so .
if after doing so you believe this was in error or you 've edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flegaladvice .
do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment .
lol ur wish see it tank another 30 or 40 n wait atleast 3 years to breakeven .
why ca n't congress try and reduce the insane cost of college/university or the interest on student loans ?
that seems like a much better solution than just erasing debt that will pile up again .
genuinely asking here is lowering or cancelling the loan interest rate a good idea ?
what are the pros and cons of it and possible better solutions
i like to dose an hour before the sun goes down .
this sounds like some strong repressing here mostly because this all sounds a lot like what i used to tell myself .
then the straw that broke the camel 's back happened and here i am on my 4th month of hrt .
if this is enough to make them disown me then their love was conditional the whole time and conditional love is n't real enough to me to have value .
i am speaking based on my perspective so i know you may not be repressing .
best of luck in whichever path you ultimately decide to take .
i built it years ago and sold it owner gave it back for free .
keep yourself busy with something that is easy to do .
like people say work out and shit but if you can barely get out of bed you 're not jogging or lifting weights .
however if possible try to go for a walk listen to some calm music or a podcast .
try to leave the house if you 're able even if you just walk outside for a minute or two
if you cant just do the absolute lowest effort thing you can think of that would bring you some joy but keep away from mindless scrolling youtube social media etc .
antidepressants work if they dont you have not been prescribed the right ones .
i know its fucking annoying but consider therapy just tell them everything it 'll help you rationalize your thoughts just telling them to someone .
before someone says it talking to a close friend is not the same thing .
the therapist legally can never say what you 've said to anyone which is really important .
talking to friends is important too but certain things can not be said to friends .
big one for me personally you know when you were thinking about doing a thing that used to give you joy and then just before you could do the thing you suddely dont want to do it anymore ?
that moment when you just stop and stare at the thing you start procrastinating not really doing anything ?
you start literally staring at nothing instead of starting whatever it was you were about to do sometimes just sitting still for hours without doing anything ?
dont do that the second you get that feeling you start even if you really dont want to anymore you start it .
when people talk about fps and refresh rates they usually use in the past anyway 60fps as a good figure to hit .
in most cases this was to match your monitor refresh rate when a lot of us had 1080p 60hz displays .
you can buy a 400hz display all day every day but if you ca n't push 400fps or even half that it wo n't really be noticeably worth it .
i recently purchased a 165hz 1440p display to pair with my 6700xt and for the most part i get around that in all but the most demanding games .
if you 're trying to pull off 144hz with only 60fps you 'll probably notice some tearing and hitching during gaming .
it 's just best practice to match your fps to the refresh rate for the best looking and feeling setup .
it 's funny cause that seems like something disney would do here in the us tbh
i hope charlie sheen plays trump in jan.6 the movie
well her community will oppose her like they did to sania .
she can only fight for her family friends and country .
lol if you see the training dummy of my gym https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=dqw4w9wgxcq you would n't say such a thing !
i know it 's just i reply sometimes just do n't consider her feeling and sometimes i talk to her in a mean way i apologize and i feel like a awful person alot of time she does alot for me
then you just have to pretend that montreal has june weather in march .
all other major sports title have customisability that isnt fully realistic and its fine .
madden lets you play in any stadium you want anytime .
but i would love it if you have to consider weather still .
it 's okay i understand my user is nightmary117x .
destiny 2 ... well considering reset is tomorrow i 'll spend a good couple hours sleeping in the morning .
and if it was 2 weeks ago i would have spent the other 16 hours feverishly making the same gear for myself just to smash it back up and then make it again and again and again .
but since that 's been patched i 'd probably just fall off some platform and constantly get thrown into random walls that vaporize me .
some more personal story bits are hidden in the dlcs connecting them to the main game albeit tenuously but the effort is nice .
if i were to guess i would think they were meant to be part of the original package but were dlcatized when time became short .
but play a few hours of the base game first and see how you like it story dlcs are n't tennable until the mc is at least lvl20-25 or so recommended lv30 which will give you plenty of time to decide .
it has all of the dlcs even the in-store exclusive '' starter sets iirc and its like 30 usd new .
its on the ps3/4 xbox 360/xbone and the pc so it should not be hard to find .
while the 360 is region-locked but the rest are region-free to my knowledge can play games from any region so make of that what you will .
capitalism works its finest when its workers are starving themselves .
so it must be a bug if the game is too hard for you .
the secret ending is only for best of us .
i do not know maybe try to lower your difficulty but i do not think it would help to you .
can you share what brand of frame and wheels those are ?
ca n't quite make it out in the photos .
yta you have no idea the effect of this upbringing had on your sister .
you feel entitled to delegate what she does with her own money .
if you want so badly to take care of things sell your house sell your car sell whatever you have to in order to meet this need .
sounds like your poor sister would be better off to go no contact with you as well .
when there is a big war and caladog needs taxes it turns to 30k a day ...
oops it cut off but it was supposed to say does any one know how to unmat this type of fur w as little hair loss as possible ?
i 've had her for years and i really want to fix her up but the hair just does n't unmat and i know it 's supposed to look like the screenshots she 's the 2009 shooting star unicorn
there 's no reason for people to starve now .
turning feeding your community into a personal responsibility is n't anymore a solution to the problem than individuals watching their carbon footprint is a solution to climate change .
if you want to farm in your free time more power to you but the cause of starvation in this day and age is one of distribution logistics and old fashioned greed .
that tim guy was right they really are perfect for each other now if they would just go away 🙏
i believe developers should issue balance patches if there was an oversight .
if bhs is working as intended for pve seems to be the case since they still have n't patched it then my only hope is it 's nerfed for pvp .
it 's sad that so many animals are sold at stores .
may your bun get well they 're lucky to have alot of love 💖
she 's just the daughter of a serial killer that is trying to protect her sister while trying to figure out the killer .
if she was rude i 'm pretty sure it was a forgivable rude .
sort of like the asshole on the field that tuned his marker by lowering pressure until the paint did n't just explode in the barrel .
and i 'd think to even pretend to be honest just replace less with differently .
dumping all that energy into turning organs into jelly or tossing them out an exit wound is all the same to the electric production in the cranium when alls said and done .
your little scenario will definitely have panic waring with the thought score ! .
no i said the abortion rate is goin down and i 'll add has been for the last two decades i did n't say there were more or less before legalized as the estimates for that are wildly different since no records .
i think your personal experience is creating a confirmation bias and thus you conflate two issues whose specific areas you tie together are not the reasons either are the way they are .
older bikes can have issues with getting parts these days so there are some risks .
i would say your biggest reason not to go with it is fewer safety features .
yeah the translation is sometimes really good and sometimes really bad .
so do n't decide relationships based on it but in this case at least it 's 99 of the way there .
runs till june 16 when the economy and market collapse
how does it matter if they 're serving the same function ?
maybe a vape ulti for childe but that does n't go too far past 100k at c0
my mouth and tongue are ready for them too .
i would love to see something like that from op
everyone should have the right to bear that sweet pimp coat
i guess i had doubts because it just sounded a bit unusual of a question .
outside of faulty contraceptive methods pregnancy is n't an accident at all .
an accident is i 'm on my way out of the door for work knowing i have to beat traffic and instead of pouring sugar into my coffee i pour some salt bc i have them in identical jars for the look .
letting a man inside you with his naked dick while you are n't on any pills is n't an accident .
they 're not two different things a letter from a doctor on their letterhead is 100 acceptable for accommodations .
not like messi contributed much to his team getting into the final .
ronaldo would 've 100 scored in the final though .
he 's one of the greatest big game players of all time
unlike cr7 messi is infamous for his abysmal record in finals and big games .
the observation duty ones and elden ring ones are so funny
the old if i ca n't get what i want the regular way then we 're gon na get real angry and weird up in here .
but most of the western liberal solutions are for problems that exist in paucity .
how a huge game like league only has effectively 2 game modes if you count aram still surprises me to this day we need more variety i miss dominion and 3v3 .
bruh you 're pretty much dead at this point why even bother doing anything ?
i was playing with my girlfriend the other day and she hit a hyper strike but got double black .
the opponents seemed to mash a to fill the arrow .
pažnja ova objava je označena kao ozbiljna zbog čega pored redovnih pravila https www.reddit.com/r/serbia/wiki/rules-srp važe i sledeća posebna pravila
bez viceva zezanja sprdnje napada beskorisnih odgovora i ostalog neozbiljnog komentarisanja
prijavite sve komentare koji se ne pridržavaju redovnih i posebnih pravila .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/serbia if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd say it 's poor on him for not having the conversation with you .
i 've been lucky enough to be best man a few times so i could n't ask everyone .
so i spoke to each of them and said i was only having one best man it would be this guy and my brother would be my only groomsman .
they understood and i felt it meant everyone knew my reasons which was important to me .
i 've then asked them to help in other ways such as doing readings .
it 's not always easy to make these decisions but if he has reasons then he should explain them to you so you understand .
what cemented as one of my top horror moments was looking out the window and having a screaming disembodied head fall past with no warning .
and the constant fear the bunny would move while peeping on the neighbour .
super cruise only works on specific roads not on any highway .
and it does an amazing jobs on roads it works on .
as for your fears the autopilot feature is statistically safer than you driving .
while you may feel otherwise you ca n't argue stats .
even without the source data you can see tesla was comparing autopilot stats to driving stats of both highway and surface streets when autopilot was designed strictly for highways .
highways have a much lower crash incidence when compared to driving on surface streets .
there 's a reason tesla does n't release the source data it 's being manipulated .
i know there 's plenty of work to be done on the software and it 's no where near perfect but why were you expecting perfect ?
elon has been saying fsd is right around the corner for going on 10 years .
that would imply that level 5 fsd is close no ?
so that would mean the beta should be very polished and very close to being ready for level 5 e.g .
while being level 2 it should be pretty damn polished .
instead what we got was a system that shows it 's nowhere near close to being ready for level 5 .
it tells you to hold on the steering wheel and take over .
if you are n't going to do that then it 's not for you .
my problem is n't that it 's level 2 .
my problem is that at this stage in it 's development and elon 's promises that we 'll get level 5 next year '' and then have this beta is laughable .
if we were close to level 5 and robotaxi this beta should be much more polished than it is .
i 'm sorry it has n't worked for you but it 's worked as intended for me .
glad you went in with the bar set low .
i 'd been dipping in and out since 2016 2017 but it was probably around the whole dan controversy where i just realized i did n't have the energy to keep up with them and let 's plays in general .
i 've grown out of their sense of humor like it was funny when i was in college but now it 's just like these are adult men making the same dick jokes i made in high school .
i 'll still watch some of their best of comps or some clips from time to time but yeah .
if we exclude mtgo mythic only cards then lotus cobra is probably the best place to start due to an utter lack of cheap removal .
may be some cheaper threats or ramp that i 'm not thinking of .
no i 'm mid when it comes to money and thanks for the recommendations i really appreciate it
fortunately the algae is helping keep the water cleaner .
no intelligent libertarian says we need no government but at the same time we do n't need them involved in absolutely everything .
and standing here tonight i 'm afraid that i.. do n't ..hear.. a.. thing .
if thats the case imo it 's dumb to change the minimum requirements then .
at minimum settings it should perform the exact same as before then .
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of this sub is using the reddit chat feature to find chat partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
posts with external chat app info or giving a preference to something other than reddit chat will be removed and poster possibly banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyredditchat if you have any questions or concerns .
he would be fantastic he would also cost an arm and a leg esp if they 're retaining .
like a first and multiple good players or prospects .
if someone has a windfall like winning a lottery they may choose to gift their family of origin some portion of it but why certainly do n't owe them any of it .
if someone is well off and a not so well off sibling needs a necessary amount such as rent or education money then maybe it 's not unreasonable for family to ask .
it would be considered cheap not to help within reason for what 's necessary but never an absolute requirement .
and if a sibling wants help with a wedding they can ask and show how they are spending the amount required .
if you think it 's over the top to have a fifty thousand ring which it is you can determine a reasonable amount instead .
it sounds like she asked for general funds for the marriage and not just the ring amount .
you do n't get to pick a cheap ring go collect that and take it back .
you get to say ‘i can offer you this amount to use towards your whole wedding but that it my limit .
also in no way should she be asking for ring money anyway that money she needs to earn before a wedding is even announced .
work 40-50 hours a week in hospitality and we feel the effects of this .
always been understaffed since i joined a few months ago and it just means more overtime less time to get work done a lot more work per person in proportion a lot of things left undone/issues unfixed just because we do n't have the time to do them .
it 's shit but it 's hard to attract anything to shit so we 're stuck in a hole and there seems to be few people ever applying .
the bag does n't let air in and keeps the cereal fresher .
wheaties uses different athletes on its boxes depending on the location its going to be sold so that local athletes are on the boxes .
many store brands are exactly the same as national brands but with different boxes .
you mean the top post in r/pics 7 years ago ?
onepiece fans when luffy leaves the man giving drugs to children alive its ok since he lost his ambitions
i mean like he did get three really good deliveries .
but he 's also mentally shot and not cut out for the test team .
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
the cans are all empty and there 's just a little piece of paper inside that says coming soon '' .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm replying to you not whoever you 're talking about fucking dummy .
america all immigrants unless you 're a native american moron .
the only contribution i can make to this thread is to second this .
dh co2 gmags is a pretty compelling reason to consider ghk .
i do n't like that you are getting down voted for an opinion .
your also not entitled to tell people they ca n't play music in a public place .
just because you personally do n't like being around loud music does n't mean that 's the norm for everyone else .
a place i would consider actually music friendly would be beach i 've never been to a beach that was quiet .
i know there are lots of ddd players but idc i want to see their current variation butchered .
skill needs restrictions they need limits 2 and possibly 3 so they actually have to make some choices .
not to mention for some fkn reason they 've been cruising without hits for longer than several other decks .
galaxy needs proper monster restriction on skill but deck itself is new and while annoying and everywhere is kinda turning into be 2.0 in how it 's played on ladder .
ba is tough one because it does n't really abuse skill they can do just as well without plana but at same time most of their cards are n't high rarity so they can be easily hit with limits .
i expect both l2 and l3 to kill kiteroid and reduce overall power of the deck .
odd eyes skill adjustment otherwise it 's mostly fine .
is your account created in the uk or au ?
with paypal all must match where you life where your account was created where the bank is etc .
resultado do sucateamento das forças armadas além da total desmoralização que as forças armadas vem tendo durante os últimos anos com razão escândalos e políticas desarmamentistas mundo a fora
this is an automated reminder that is posted on every submission .
town or county age gender must be in your subject line if missing take your post down and fix it .
discussion about buying selling or exchanging money/goods/services for money/goods/services is prohibited .
we have a zero-tolerance policy for talking about drugs of any kind .
mdash our 18 but wholesome room to find friends hobbies events board game teams etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/njr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
the democrats honestly view republicans blaming of mental health as deflection from what we see as a gun problem .
i think the real '' position of most republicans is just that these sort of half-measure gun control solutions wo n't actually help at all and that the only solution that would have a meaningful impact on gun violence is to to ban guns almost entirely and enact mass confiscations .
if you oppose that and you do n't believe any of the half measures will work then you 'll oppose them in principle because each half measure that does n't work is just a step closer to the democrats realizing the thing you already know and proposing full confiscation .
it 's why another compromise '' option might be to pass a constitutional amendment which enshrines all sorts of common sense '' gun control laws but explicitly prohibits banning certain classes of gun entirely or gun confiscation .
i do n't think democrats would go for this because i think in their heart they also probably know the half-measures wo n't help much and that fighting over confiscation is the endgame but i think it is a good way to call their bluff .
i think that 's a compromise that makes sense but the feds ca n't do anything about state and local das can they ?
i know they have some control over local das when it comes to civil rights legislation so maybe they could find a way to make it work but i 'm not confident .
you said 1993 september as if your arbitrary date holds weight .
i was five then ya goofy so since that date really holds zero significance in the us and is nonexistent on the world stage
so you really are n't in a position to educate your elders and betters about the halcyon days of the oh-so-ancient 90 's internet after all .
lots of labor jobs out there and if u r half way responsible you will stand out .
do i just wait for you to get online ?
duh men approach women solely based on looks as well .
these look amazing and it 's incredible work but i got ta ask what are rest winners ?
said before but haaland going to city is not some easy mode for him city plays much differently and pep is not going to cater to him he will have to adapt .
i would n't be shocked to see him only get 15-20 goals next year while still being rated very well .
it 's difficult to score loads of goals for one individual in this city team because of how they distribute the ball .
i do n't think not a single city player has been in among pl top scorers for many years despite city almost every year being the highest scoring team .
could you please return it on some posts of mine ?
jawbreaker into the cervical clutch is a good transition especially since he 's targeting the jaw and neck region in his finish .
i did 8 of them leading up to my test and if anything it made me feel more prepared not burnt out !
i actually had the same experience at first though in my case it was a combination of two things
1 not shaking the contrast paints enough you really have to shake the heck out of them
he 's got a lot to say in how to best use contrast .
you can kinda get a feel from it in how he approaches any of the models he paints .
do you need to have a teaching license to sub ?
maybe..but if you are going to have any discussions on the topic we are going to have to base it on our available evidence is that males are overwhelming more likely to be perpetrators of sexual violence .
they are much more likely to sexually assualted women and it seems from the cdc data much more likely to sexually assualted other men .
so please tell me how you think a tiny number of men are raping these many people in society .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i have every character and he is hands down the most op character in game .
many i like more but he 's def the most essential for me .
amazing shield ok damage and practically immune to flinch or damage except poison .
ganyu ayaka kazu and raiden are close follow ups .
main team is the last 3 usually with ayaka but swap for ganyu once in a while .
i 'm even using brave browser and a vpn .
i 'm glad they never gave up on the game .
looks like the box says they 're made in utah so i guess they likely are a. franciscana haha
you mean pettersson who set records in the shl ?
this is going to be one of the first things i make .
i also like zucchini and onion soup blended and pureed without seeds .
these are usually the thoughts that keep me up at night .
why are we even here to begin with if it all ends ?
i still think about this game it was two heavyweights going at each other pats dynasty vs broncos defense fight to the very end
if gp2 is gon na flop like that i hope he gets dillon brooks 'd again
must be a reference to how ! anakin becomes darth vader in the future ! .
what 's wrong with saying it was a tie tho ?
i do n't see any of the two pulling away for a w .
there are so many match ups for him it 's crazy .
i say this every time we get mcdonald 's .
yeah my dad finally understood and let me vent to him without getting angry at me .
but i still feel i have to filter my emotions sometimes because i go overboard with venting .
hope you are enjoying the rest of your day ! !
i have just upvoted you can you return on a post or two ?
i had done my first two 100km rides with heavy slow rolling tires on crushed gravel within the last month and was fairly worn out both times .
yesterday i put my gp5000s on and did my first 100 mile ride .
if you eat enough it 's honestly not too bad to just keep going .
if you take thing out or store them in large bunches or all at once then does it tire you out for only 1 ?
we restrict posting for new and/or low karma accounts .
you 'll need to participate around reddit and build up a bit of karma and/or let your account age a bit before you can participate here .
we do n't disclose the limits so please do n't ask .
you might find this guide for beginners https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddit_101 helpful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breedingmaterial if you have any questions or concerns .
own two of them very fun for trips and sobriety alike .
the gameplay was so much better than previous games shame they made some questionable rpg elements
yes you have to deal with different people and do it with some class but no you do n't have to do that in your personal life .
if she had those beliefs and out of respect kept them to herself then whatever it sucks but she has a right to an opinion but heaping it in you is effed .
what does it mean for its nature to be moral and why should that matter to us ?
my name is sam i work at omneky.com where we use ai machine learning algorithms to scale across digital channels .
i wanted to reach out after seeing your post about your monthly advertising budget
would love to chat sometime to see how we can help you reach your goals !
your smile is forced and the 2nd pic is in an angle that is not very favourable for you .
i 'd like to see pics of your face without any forced gesture tho .
i ordered a saddleman born scum seat for my dyna 9 weeks ago and still waiting for it ... damn thing better be nasty
glad that you are as happy to be here as i am 3 thank you so much for sharing .
new service wires from the pole to the meter mast plus a new meter ?
that 's why people can chug 2 bottle of big delsym and not die
oh i hear you the only thing slowing me down at this point is oak resin for kegs 😂 .
this year i planted my whole outdoor farm i think just under 700 tilled spots with ancient fruit day 1 of spring .
i 've got nothing to do except collect from the junimos once a week in summer/fall
doing nothing else besides the game thats not great .
check out this list https www.reddit.com/r/gachalifecringe/wiki/levels-of-gacha and see where you stand .
all levels are allowed on the sub provided they act civil except for levels 6 which will be permanently banned on sight .
rules on r/gachalifecringe are stricter than most cringe subreddits .
contrary to popular belief gachalifecringe is not a part of the anti-gacha '' community .
the point of the subreddit is only to spread awareness of share and discuss the toxicity of the gacha community .
please fully review the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gachalifecringe/wiki/rules before commenting or posting .
if you would like to contact the mods send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgachalifecringe .
if you are a new user or have under 100 karma read this page https reddit.com/r/gachalifecringe/wiki/what-is-karma-and-account-age
we have an active discord server with events and discussions !
if you would like to join please click here https discord.gg/rjh4f3gfuq .
feel free to join r/glcsister to post your memes questions and discussions !
as memes are not allowed on the main sub due to clogging we have made an alternate sub for all the meta jokes you guys want to make about glc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gachalifecringe if you have any questions or concerns .
read this comment in its entirety to find out why your post was removed
hi looks like your post 's title has n't complied with rule 5 regarding our formatting and has been removed .
you are required to title your post as following platform estimated year title of post '' .
as a dumb robot i am only looking for the square brackets surrounding your text and not the text itself .
i 'm not very smart and your formatting of your title must contain both the platform and the estimated year and those two things must be enclosed in square brackets to give context to your fellow solvers .
you can always come back here to your post and your previously submitted content will not be lost .
you are welcome to copy paste your content and make another post with the corrected title .
if you are for any reason unable to do this or you wish to make a post you feel should be exempt from rule 5 you may always feel free to contact the moderators from the link below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyjoystick if you have any questions or concerns .
while out of town i noticed i could n't play anything from my plex server .
checked things now and all the files have .deadbolt on them .
none of the tools or programs i 've downloaded will scan a networked drive .
i 'm not the only one and thankfully my data is just movies and such .
i think i 'll just update the firmware and start over .
so a fetus is alive because life begins at conception .
guys this is urgent where the fuck did these go i need my mango lemonade help
they havent been at my 7-11 since last summer and i am on the verge of a breakdown somebody help me
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
strained shines with slower rpm ar 's i 'd say under 700 .
famas i go with fast hands if your crit chance is around 60 optimist or even measured .
long term is the idea money i could technically miss .
like i said quite new still learning so this is a good learningexperience .
my idea was to gradually over time buy bit for bit to see it slowly grow over long period of time .
edit so dollar cost averaging is basically then what im describing to want to do as well ?
ooohhh my fault op i did n't watch the whole video .
for example you could do mesh shader alternative using compute shaders .
but to do this at low latency required you to move to a gpu scheduled render loop and that is something that only metal supports so no existing game engine has ever considered doing this .
mesh shaders in metal 3 means they can keep there existing cpu side pipeline and mostly just change out the api calls they are making and shader code they write .
one little side effect of the tbdr gpu pipeline apple 's gpus are based on means mesh shaders in metal3 on apple silicon will have significantly lower memory bandwidth usage as the results of the mesh shader computation is piped directly to the tiler that will cull fully obscured geometry before writing the tile buffer to memory .
so i 'll either be godlike or talking to that damn whale over and over again depending on my rng .
the way i feel when this creep walks into a room is pretty unique .
you 're taking the right path just bring your business elsewhere .
ads do feel as if they 're doing customers a favor by offering them watches .
it 's the state we 're in now highly unlikely this will persist in perpetuity .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
it 's still pa-34xx for product number not ml-34xx .
ml capabilities have been introduced with 10.x into current firewalls as well 3200/5200/200/400
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
try a vm with the m40 assigned to it .
i 've never bothered trying to run a vr headset on a headless gpu .
that probably should have been your first stop before all this .
our squad got a bug where the klaw fight would not load so some of us left and then the battle started but we were only 2 .
i think we got a pretty good time for being just kate and hawkeye !
and what do you think his actual level is ?
gold dots and hsts are just astrology '' man .
i once leaned back started peeing and shot straight over the rim into my pants which were at my ankles .
i know people who are b1 but i consider them fluent because of how fluid they talk .
they do n't pause to think they just speak though limited in vocabs .
being bisexual does not mean you will fuck each and everyone even though being in a relationship 💀
i 'm genuinely insanely impressed someone else is repping infected mushroom in the year of out lord 2022 they are dope asf
but seeing the myspace and geocities logos brought back memories not good ones but still
nog wat nuttigs te zeggen of wil je gewoon het laatste woord ?
wat ik de hele tijd zeg lichamen zijn niet inherent sexueel vies of iets om je voor te schamen laten we ophouden met dat preutse gedoe .
i like the idea of the recycling centre having a gallery of found ‘art ' .
lars because of looks flashy moveset and cool personality back in t6
yeah it 's really annoying aswell because i think it 's such an underrated show but of all the political messages they could include in one of their episodes it just had to be that one
parry seems too hard for a hit-and-roll souls player like me but when i got familiar with the mechanic parry is awesome .
i wanted to add brutus and not have the 2 hit down but it 's really difficult to add !
fellow scot was this through wise and what were the time delays between depositing funds and being able to buy ?
what 's even better is if they 've delivered one or more of your kids doc you 've seen a whole lot more than me disrobing .
if you need it in 2-3 years do not put it in the stock market .
bonds would also be acceptable for a portion of the money
i had one and was disappointed by its performance .
point is look at the reviews of whatever you 're trying to buy and do n't assume .
one of the joys i 've found as i 've gotten a bit older is that i can basically do what the fuck i like from any perceived age group activity '' .
i 've always had old lady hobbies knitting reading gardening that i can crack on with .
but i still love gaming theme parks like disneyland dancing drinking etc just as much as i did when i was younger .
i 'm just more confident in my own skin now that i can say yep i like this and i do n't care if people think it 's odd .
he is trying to bluff the economy so that they act like they 're going to raise without him having to raise them .
it 's hard to believe that you crammed an entire confession into this short post .
could you add some detail to it before posting ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sluttyconfessions if you have any questions or concerns .
the buttery mess one is the one i 've had it 's the one that comes with the pizzas for free right ?
they do a premium option dip which is actually good then ?
do you is the girl more beautiful of this world
your post was automatically removed for not having a tag in the title i.e .
the moderators will not respond to questions regarding this removal unless you suggest which rule you most likely broke .
if you have a beginner related question visit r/mlquestions or r/learnmachinelearning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/machinelearning if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwgirl if you have any questions or concerns .
i love cuddling 😍i 'll hold you close baby girl ❤️
https pastebin.com/5esdlzrr https pastebin.com/5esdlzrr this was 3.16 version i think .
felt like my wife was kidnapped by this stranger that was living with me .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i do n't quite understand why would we the freelancers ask the companies for help ?
you do n't have to explain yourself some people like a story with many li 's i personally do n't because it is n't realistic and uninteresting .
that does n't mean everyone will think like that so keep on writting what you want !
screw the hdd get an ssd if your budget can do it .
i know this is n't about possession currently but i do plan on shifting you into the body of the actress you choose .
either because of a breach of contract or because of bad press the original actress created .
i have a feeling most people do n't bother trying the dummy seats especially the ones who would n't fit .
i cant think of anyone theyve paid a huge amount .
do they even have a 25m/year guy in their history ?
those are n't the campers they have issues with .
it 's the ones who barricade themselves in a compound with shotguns and concertina traps .
there are n't enough tools to deal with those .
some will say just leave or push them yeah no .
he 's been doing the bruce wayne thing his whole life so it 's not that big of a stretch .
he was fine with their past until he learned that she had same sex experiences that means he was fine with her having sex just not with other women .
that 's called homophobia and i 'm not making the turn he is .
😂😂😂😂😂i remember them playing like 50 people crowds in the suburbs when i was teenager..this shit is too funny
lol remember when it was plugged as being able to stop transmission being told you could n't catch or transmit the virus ?
many brand subs are run by people from that business .
there are exceptions but it 's far from uncommon .
motorola has n't and never will be in the camera game .
they make budget friendly phones without all that extra bullshit and bloat .
yep but then you 're not getting your phones as cheap as you do .
i will say of all the phones from them i 've had though the edge is n't too bad .
fine for what i need it for i got a dslr for everything else
when someone heads your way while doing any type of stuff like resupply missions or selling prepare to defend yourself .
or let it keep happening and cry on reddit .
to deter the sale of stolen and/or counterfeit products any items that are serialized must have a picture of the actual serial on the item .
please reply to this comment once you 've added a photo of the serial number and i will re-approve the post .
deleting this post or reposting may result in a temporary ban .
mentally tormented a flat mate for months just for a method of control .
i realised that this person viewed me as a superior so i used this to my advantage so i can manage the apartment more effectively .
he was n't bright or organised so i 'd reign him in when he crumbled food on the couch or left cans around .
he had issues in his life and had trouble being happy but i had my own problems .
i neither see this a proud or condemning experience .
never did i take his freedom physically hurt him take his property or denied him his needs .
but what i did was make him afraid and vigilant without planning to .
it should mean you either die or need to blow sums .
blitz is highly abusable if he misses the hook .
the cd is long and he 's basically a minion in lane without it .
i hope that you have success with it and if it does not reach your father i know it had to be a burden off your shoulders just to put it in print .
hi bro i see your abusive comment got removed and you have returned to further harass me .
i swear i see local articles like once a month of some privately owned cessna that goes down cuz it 's barely airworthy .
at the bar it was the great depression they are flaunting their money as she tells polly not to wear earrings worth more than the pub .
may burned her for it anyways which makes sense from mays perspective .
'arthur does n't like her much since season 5 '' arthur 's home was her safe place when she and tommy fight .
he obviously went to her to inform the situation with tommy for her to go after tommy in that field .
he was upset tommy did n't tell her he was sick .
so much has happened since s1 they all love her now .
she is not a threat just like ada and arthur is not a threat to her because they are family. you can see polly ada and lizzie huddle in the bathroom in s4 together they are a team even if they still call tommy out for all his bullshit .
in any case you can hate this character it 's allowed as well
we had different plans and different goals that would n't work with each other 's
2.2l 4 cylinder petrol car was around 550-600 km per tank same size tank on my 2.4l 5 cylinder turbo diesel car same sized car got me between 1200-1400km per tank .
was cheaper to run the diesel car over the year due to not filling up the tank as often
first of all does ur school allow u to do this and secondly if they do n't allow tht then maybe ask the school for those accommodations .
but going inside the room and nobody is telling to not go in i think it 's fine but u should ask the principal for accommodations for u or ask them for a pass tht u can eat in the teacher lounge .
but i do n't think u r a bad apple u r a good apple but still ask for accommodations so tht u actually are allowed to go in .
it always baffles me just.. how the usa is.. like in general..
i mean australia has all these bugs and teethy animals and i still worry more about you americans ...
i have it in monogram but been considering grabbing another in an additional print at some point since it 's just the absolute best bag .
hopefully if he is consistent i believe batters can adjust to an umpires zone and also remain patient
it can be more of an issue when i causes intimacy problems in a relationship .
2000 credit towards your next epa violation with purchase of season tickets at the baron level .
jesus christ people have forgotten how bad that was .
2009 was close to an entire financial collapse of every large bank .
nasty ass correction housing dropping 20 with no growth for years for sure .
you just want people to agree that she was trying to get in contact with your boyfriend ?
my line of work does n't actively damage my body .
my employer has never allowed someone to work a physically dangerous work endeavor when they were unable to stand up on their own two feet .
my employer has noticed days where i 'm not doing so great and offered me time off unprompted .
i should note this was a kindness and not some power-play threat .
i do n't have an industry wide known addiction problem that has caused me to fail to perform in the past .
there are industries where if you make a mistake that all of the safety failsafes work correctly to make sure you are 0 harmed you will still be fired because you are a liability .
step 2 buy meteors and buy as many gestures and fuel cells as you possibly can rinse and repeat every time you get the newt altar
my wife uses 2 button gestures and it drives me nuts when i use her phone for something .
gestures are so smooth once you get the hang of it .
but just grab it and walk to the beach .
unless 2am i do n't condone hitting the jack in the box down the road
i always have a tough time distinguishing between leopardwood and lacewood .
on my server sandro the mouth all r1 normal gems go for 400 .
that 's why i made this post the price is artificially capped .
es que chile no es tan tercermundista como los demás países de latam eso se ve claramente en la estadísticas de población feminista gey y furra normalmente los países con mejor calidad de vida son los que más alegan xd .
he understands short interest better than you and will explain .
not a lawyer but i know a little about civil litigation .
anyone can file a lawsuit sue anyone over anything .
there are some rules about what types of filings will make their way to court .
many do get thrown out immediately on procedural or statutorial grounds .
but there is pain and suffering which factors into a lot of civil proceedings and a plaintiff can pursue a case on that alone .
whether or not it gains any traction before a judge is a different story .
honestly though if it 's not available to you i would ask a manager for a list .
i 'm on 10mg e and bicalutamide and i 'm having pretty much the same experience 🤦‍♀️
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
if someone is out or having a seizure it is always safer for them to be in the recovery position than having them lay on their back .
i get oz here for around the same price in ny .
i have no problem with them i enjoy all three
andrew did lie to tasha back on like day two and back then luca was semi interested in tasha .
so he might just still dislike him bc of that
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think they are french nationalists i think they are french defense contractors .
gim me two national teams each from a different continent and i 'll give you a combined xi .
juneteenth is the day slaves were emancipated.the nameplate for juneteenth in infinite is bonobo which is a type of ape.yeah ... ...
i think t zone its easier cuz under eye area its thinner
and then i saw johnny depp and i was like waitttt
because i 've seen a plethora or black people who hate white people ?
and a black-only site would definitely attract those exact people ?
exactly how a white only site would attract those exact people ?
do you want to just do visual astronomy or do you want to do imaging as well ?
if you want to view planets and the moon you 'll have no problem even in the city .
you can go with an sct like a celestron c8 or a dobsonian .
if you want to do astrophotography that 's a much bigger question .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've started putting investment money with company that does b lending '' .. my money is my money and i 've lent it for a specific time to provide income in my retirement ! !
average joe who has to manage his retirement because company never had pension !
hey u/theresa_hot unfortunately your account does n't reach our minimum requirements for posting to our subreddit .
messaging mods and asking the minimums will result in a 30-day ban/we dont reveal this info
grow your account posting elsewere on reddit and come back in a few days .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
metal gear solid v gives you a reason to knock enemies out .
you can kidnap them while conscious but they 'll yell and alert everyone nearby .
there 's also a 3rd possible approach total stealth .
no need to knock enemies out if they do n't see you .
if you need a non-moral reason for not killing it 's often more challenging .
no-kill runs in metal gear solid can be difficult .
there 's limited tranq ammo silencers wear out and knocking enemies out comes with the risks you mentioned .
they may wake up set off the alarm or make other enemies suspicious by failing to report in which also happens if you kill them .
it 's much needed and the post is honestly embarrassing to the ethos of this sub
not a fan of colonial-settler states and i 'm really not happy with how the canadian government has treated its indigenous populations .
i 'm always grateful when someone eats the last of something then i do n't feel guilty for having eaten it !
i have a spare mega knight if youre down to trade
no honestly arch should be for nazca and mystics like that
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/chicagor4r because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
use only m f t tf or tm for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4f .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/chicagor4r/submit ? sidebar amp title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators .
finally please make sure you read the rules on the sidebar !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chicagor4r if you have any questions or concerns .
the point is that when we talk about laws on the american website that has mostly american members that speak in american we 're obviously talking about american law or at least mostly universal law such as the geneva conventions .
no shit there are people from other countries here .
but they 're the outsiders and are the ones that need to adapt .
i say this as an afghan that lives in the us so it 's not like i 'm some kind of woo usa usa '' white xenophobe .
yonko fanbase is the loud majority that 's condescending cuz they ca n't accept that yonko=admirals .
notice how admiral fans say they are on the same lvl while yonko fans say and nothing to change their mind
i think esme is getting away with it because she went relatively low tech and that 's why there is very little to hold on to in terms of evidence .
what i do n't understand is why trina is n't telling anyone especially scott that she was at the cemetery with spencer at the time the video was uploaded .
it 's ridiculous if she is still trying to protect his little behind .
besides she actually does n't have to blow his cover jordan came by and saw her too .
she does n't have to mention that she saw spencer .
if she was with someone as reliable as the police commissioner she could not possibly be uploading a video at the same time .
i 'm just puzzled why none of this has been brought up .
jordan knows she saw her then so trina should n't have even been arrested .
maybe now would be a good time to start figuring out non tech reliant ways to remember stuff like library books !
yta and you seem to have zero empathy or care for his feelings .
he 's right you do n't get to tell him how to feel and what kind of man would n't want to be at the birth of a wanted child ?
you may have the right to choose your support person but you are punishing your husband for working to support you and cruelly dismissing his feelings .
this is relationship damaging behavior at best and i feel for your husband and your child .
you are not bringing this baby into a happy home and from your own account the fault is yours .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're seriously arguing that she should n't have gone to a mid afternoon bbq with her colleagues that she told her husband about weeks prior because he was uncomfortable '' ?
it was n't a midnight orgy for fuck 's sake .
same thing just happened to me lost all my mutuals cool ass people all the people i follow other cool people and the algorithm i built to fit my likes is gone now
if you can and i know it ai n't easy .
find a job or create a side gig where you make cash locally .
do n't burn your income on getting to work .
hell ride your bike if you need to but try not to spend and get income .
he does n't make the best world wide numbers but he 's the biggest in our city it 's like when rappers come up they may not be mainstream but they 're known in their city
i buy a bunch of the starkist tuna packets for a snack .
they 're like 70-100 calories and 15-18 g of protein depending on the flavor .
they 're like 1.50 each i think they used to be close to a dollar if not less .
no offense but looks like you skinned some mice for the pelts
i do n't know the difference tbh i just voted lancaster because the name is cooler and your post and comments seem to suggest lancaster was the legitimatist '' faction .
it seems like the one guy has some chat history of the guy hopping away .
theyre confronting him with it quoting him writing what the title says
i have seen quite a few posts here by people who were expected to parent their siblings .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/funnyanimals/comments/vbv2ad/owl_furiously_its_my_space_stop_giving_it_to
it looks like it is your first day here on reddit and on r/onlyfans101
please take today to look over our rules there are 10 of them and they are the same for every subreddit in our network .
you can find the rules a brief faq and the list of subs here https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101network/wiki/index
we also have a faq in our subreddit dedicate to new models at r/onlyfans101brandnew we highly recommend you read it .
if you have questions about reddit you can ask them there .
we look forward to you becoming a regular poster here u/luna_sefarina !
please let us know via modmail if you need any further explanation of our rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've seen a different truck in my area with this exact same decal .
the park headquarters are just a couple miles up the road in mammoth so it 's definitely an important route .
they can still access mammoth from the other entrances but it 's a longer drive if you 're trying to get out to the nearest city .
there 's an old dirt stagecoach road that goes from gardiner to mammoth that 's still intact and park employees will likely be able to use that in the interim .
the destroyed section in the video is also a key part of the only route maintained in the winter that goes to cooke city which also suffered its own highway damage so if they do n't fix this by winter the 75ish permanent residents of cooke city are going to have to relocate for the winter .
either that or montana and/or wyoming will have to plow the beartooth highway or the cody road all winter .
problem with that is that they 're both long snowy winding mountainous roads .
they do n't maintain them in the winter for good reason and doing so would be time consuming expensive and possibly quite dangerous .
especially when it 's just for access to such a small community .
regardless of the reason it 's nice that you completed the cleansing ritual !
so i 'm in the discord but it appears they 've disabled invites or they were always disabled but were only available to staff/a link on the website .
unsure but they 're super laying low even changing the name of the server .
hopefully they sort everything out soon sorry i could n't get you in 3
me after owning 1 dog 2 cats 1 lion and 1 dinosaur
people downplay ocd all the time by claiming they have it too while pointing to wanting things neat in their home/they can just harness their ocd/that the only theme is order .
sorry man but if you do n't make 150k in fl you will be priced out .
if it were true then good luck then getting your groceries eating out finding an exterminator or with anything else that requires someone in a job that does n't pay that much .
so people like you decide to come down here and ruin a good thing for all of us .
there are ultimately 3 big problems behind this affordable housing mess as i see it .
the first 2 are a state government that does not care and is actively working to screw over the working class and mega investors buying up all the housing .
the 3rd one is people like you coming down working remotely for someone in ny or nj or wherever and earning ny wages and outbidding for housing that would otherwise be more affordable .
people with legitimate jobs here who have made their lives here whose families are planted here .
of the 3 problems this one is arguably the smallest but is a problem nonetheless .
you 're basically moving down here and bringing your ny prices with you to a population that does n't get paid ny wages .
and if people keep moving down here at the rate they have been for the same reasons you did and they have this screw-you-as-long-as-i-get-mine attitude of yours this place is going to be in for some rough er economic times .
this is probably a render of some files she found in game some how the 3.0 beta client hs not been distributed yet nor have the applicant winners been chosen .
the first thing you got to do is play .
if you ai n't playing you 're not a player .
do n't know how anyone views a massacre like that and thinks there 's any kind of god up there
do you know how long do they wait for that fainted line to show here in the ph ?
the idea that daria is kind of an asshole and sees things through a skewed lense is really cemented in the series finale about her parents arguing about her she thinks they have this big fight about her being a loner that ca n't make friends and tired of dealing with her but the fight is about how both parents are trying to do what they think is best .
jake thinks she 's just happy on her own and does n't need to change while helen wants to try and help her improve because she thinks that 's how she 'll have a good life .
as much as i love the series the more you watch it especially as an adult the more you realize she 's her own worst enemy and not everyone is as one dimensional as we thought .
i would recommend trying to get a crit rate circlet with a decent cd substat if u can .
87/160 ish would be more damage or at least way more consistent damage than ur current ratio
machado with so many rbi opportunities just been ice cold
fuck ezra but last i checked he was n't an elected representative he 's just some rich weirdo .
but by that logic i wonder what she has to say about roy moore dennis hastert or convicted child molestor and trump campaign manager ralph shortey or trump buddy and repeat sex offender and child rapist george nader .
or how about all these other republican groomers and pedophiles ?
republican anti-abortion activist howard scott heldreth is a convicted child rapist in florida .
republican county commissioner david swartz pleaded guilty to molesting two girls under the age of 11 and was sentenced to 8 years in prison .
republican judge mark pazuhanich pleaded no contest to fondling a 10-year old girl and was sentenced to 10 years probation .
republican anti-abortion activist nicholas morency pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography on his computer and offering a bounty to anybody who murders an abortion doctor .
republican legislator edison misla aldarondo was sentenced to 10 years in prison for raping his daughter between the ages of 9 and 17 .
republican mayor philip giordano is serving a 37-year sentence in federal prison for sexually abusing 8 and 10-year old girls .
republican campaign consultant tom shortridge was sentenced to three years probation for taking nude photographs of a 15-year old girl .
republican racist pedophile and united states senator strom thurmond had sex with a 15-year old black girl which produced a child .
republican pastor mike hintz whom george w. bush commended during the 2004 presidential campaign surrendered to police after admitting to a sexual affair with a female juvenile .
republican legislator peter dibble pleaded no contest to having an inappropriate relationship with a 13-year-old girl .
republican congressman donald buz '' lukens was found guilty of having sex with a female minor and sentenced to one month in jail .
republican fundraiser richard a. delgaudio was found guilty of child porn charges and paying two teenage girls to pose for sexual photos .
republican activist mark a. grethen convicted on six counts of sex crimes involving children .
republican activist randal david ankeney pleaded guilty to attempted sexual assault on a child .
republican congressman dan crane had sex with a female minor working as a congressional page .
republican activist and christian coalition leader beverly russell admitted to an incestuous relationship with his step daughter .
republican congressman and anti-gay activist robert bauman was charged with having sex with a 16-year-old boy he picked up at a gay bar .
republican committee chairman jeffrey patti was arrested for distributing a video clip of a 5-year-old girl being raped .
republican marty '' was taken into custody by florida police on four counts of unlawful sexual activity with an underage girl and one count of delivering the drug lsd .
republican legislative aide howard l. brooks was charged with molesting a 12-year old boy and possession of child pornography .
republican senate candidate john hathaway was accused of having sex with his 12-year old baby sitter and withdrew his candidacy after the allegations were reported in the media .
republican preacher stephen white who demanded a return to traditional values was sentenced to jail after offering 20 to a 14-year-old boy for permission to perform oral sex on him .
republican talk show host jon matthews pleaded guilty to exposing his genitals to an 11 year old girl .
republican anti-gay activist earl butch '' kimmerling was sentenced to 40 years in prison for molesting an 8-year old girl after he attempted to stop a gay couple from adopting her .
republican party leader paul ingram pleaded guilty to six counts of raping his daughters and served 14 years in federal prison .
republican election board official kevin coan was sentenced to two years probation for soliciting sex over the internet from a 14-year old girl .
republican politician andrew buhr was charged with two counts of first degree sodomy with a 13-year old boy .
republican politician keith westmoreland was arrested on seven felony counts of lewd and lascivious exhibition to girls under the age of 16 i.e .
republican anti-abortion activist john allen burt was charged with sexual misconduct involving a 15-year old girl .
republican county councilman keola childs pleaded guilty to molesting a male child .
republican activist john butler was charged with criminal sexual assault on a teenage girl .
republican candidate richard gardner admitted to molesting his two daughters .
republican councilman and former marine jack w. gardner was convicted of molesting a 13-year old girl .
republican county commissioner merrill robert barter pleaded guilty to unlawful sexual contact and assault on a teenage boy .
republican city councilman fred c. smeltzer jr. pleaded no contest to raping a 15 year-old girl and served 6-months in prison .
republican activist parker j. bena pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography on his home computer and was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison and fined 18,000 .
republican parole board officer and former colorado state representative larry jack schwarz was fired after child pornography was found in his possession .
republican strategist and citadel military college graduate robin vanderwall was convicted in virginia on five counts of soliciting sex from boys and girls over the internet .
republican city councilman mark harris who is described as a good military man '' and church goer '' was convicted of repeatedly having sex with an 11-year-old girl and sentenced to 12 years in prison .
republican businessman jon grunseth withdrew his candidacy for minnesota governor after allegations surfaced that he went swimming in the nude with four underage girls including his daughter .
republican director of the young republican federation '' nicholas elizondo molested his 6-year old daughter and was sentenced to six years in prison .
republican benefactor of conservative christian groups richard a. dasen sr. was charged with rape for allegedly paying a 15-year old girl for sex .
dasen 62 who is married with grown children and several grandchildren has allegedly told police that over the past decade he paid more than 1 million to have sex with a large number of young .
republican state senator ralph shortey from oklahoma admitted to being involved in sodomy with a 17 year old male prostitute and transporting child pornography .
republican speaker of the house dennis hastert in jail for the payments he made to cover up raping his wrestlers when he was a high school coach .
republican judge and campaign official tim nolan for president donald trump indicted for human trafficking and forcing a minors 9 to engage in sexual activity and giving alcohol to minors results from the court pending .
i wonder what she has to say about all these pieces of shit in her party .
as in you have photos that you need to enlarge artificially ?
something like this https www.on1.com/products/resize should work best with little to no effort .
popular opinion do n't expect to become a dude if you do n't want the baggage that comes with it .
if we let them score like 10 goals can we call it early ?
yeah that would be chill but the next rate is unknown .
but biggest is that your money is locked for 12 months after putting it in so the sooner you put it in the sooner you can take it out .
cu was ranked higher going into the title game .
so they got punished for playing an extra game .
im a little confused abt the negative to hindu festivals part ?
look at the plots on the graph as a whole and imagine it as a line with a downward slope .
when one variable let 's say x increases as the other variable let 's say y increases as well then it 's a positive linear relationship as long as the graph created is of the form y mx b forms a straight line .
on the other hand if x increases but y decreases it is a negative linear relationship .
with that in mind what do you think is the relationship ?
same i started fc blood dragon and planning on continue with ghost maneater and gotg .
plus the dark pictures games and miles morales and syphon filter .
and jesus established a new covenant before his death and had received baptism .
i was under the impression that a 29 inch height desk is a fairly standard height .
why are you describing that as a high desk ?
i can promise you those have n't gone anywhere .
i did n't realize he had a reputation for that and i was taking the top tweets at face value .
unfamiliar with your new router but some have different power level '' settings that can expand your reduce your coverage .
he 's lucky to be alive and to have had a friend like you .
i 'm swinging by the florist to pick up the largest bouquet you 've seen !
fuck no i 'd be paranoid someone is now on spectator mode and can see everything i do and sometimes interact i would never feel alone again in the bad way .
if f1 is the pinnacle of engineering then they should be able to figure it out what someone else already has .
i get it 's a spec series but everyone here acting like you can build just any car for f1 .
i try to work from 11am til 6pm i want to do till 9pm but by 6pm i 'm tired .
the term put lipstick on a pig comes to mind .
that 's a lot of construction to do before surviving a chopper
i had suspected i had adhd since i was about 15/16 but i was diagnosed with depression first and it frustrates me because if i was listened to sooner i probably wouldn't 've dropped out of high school .
girl as well so my symptoms were chalked up to depression not adhd .
honestly it 's not as late as you think .
i still feel a lot of grief though about how my life could 've been if i did n't have adhd or if i knew sooner .
it tanks your self esteem too because it 's hard to draw a line between what you believe is you and what is your diagnosis .
but you 're not alone here and i completely understand how you feel .
i 'm at least glad i 'm aware now that i 'm doing some educational courses to complete my qualifications .
after being diagnosed comes compassion and empathy for yourself .
drinking water by itself does n't always cut it for me .
i do the electrolyte/hydration or pedialyte type packets in water .
eat healthy ..smaller but more often meals throughout the day .
do n't over do it and know the weather will get better .
maybe plan some fun movie marathons with your boys .
like erupting volcanos with baking soda/vinegar or make homemade peanut butter or play dough .
we liked hedbanz guess who uno connect 4 did a lot computer type games too .
i had a three week bad ‘cold ' last month i 'm still getting over .
do n't put any undo physical or even mental pressure on yourself .
my kids maybe did n't have the most active childhood especially summers but we 've always been very close .
the ‘boring ' times with them really doing practically nothing is what a close family relationship is really all about .
thinking kids need to be over scheduled and actively doing spectacular things everyday is really not dong them any favors .
can you study as you work on your shift ?
i 'd be curious if you could try an unconventional route .
dl1583 is from fll to rdu and you easily could connect to jfk/lga from there .
first thing i want to say hate and the call for someone 's death is absolutely wrong .
and thoose people need to be confronted by a judge .
it is n't this black and white i think .
most people find change difficult but will go along with it .
they will find a way to shape there world view around and with the new way things are coming .
i personally now of 1 church which find gay difficult and i 've chosen to find a other place of worship and not only because if that single view but it is not all christians .
that view is also changing over the last year 's .
and i must admit that it is n't going as fast the change as in the outside '' society .
but the same could be argued for other clubs .
but the fact is that woman in the majority are accepted to have and hold a leaders role .
we read the bible and thoose text anti homoseksualiteit are being redifinned .
it does n't make good that people doing horrible things by mis use .
but the message was and still is love eachother as your self..that the first command and the second is love god .
and i also want to say that some people are bullying no matter what reason .
change will always go slower on the outside group as it goes with the group whom are changing .
those mf would legit stop in the middle of the highway until someone to the left or right of them let them over .
3 lanes all moving freely and some asshole in the middle right stops .
the best times i 've ever gotten are still me with me .
but i hope i can still learn to open myself and enjoy it with my partner .
he 's a real sweetheart and he tries hard but i have a lot of bagage that makes it impossible for me to relax and enjoy and give in .
otherwise yeah no one me quite like i do .
you 're not a creep for having femme clothes .
you 're valid as a person and allowed to explore who you are and how you want to express yourself .
you do n't have to know everything right now .
i fucking detest doug ford but i think he 'd be more popular that pierre wet towel poilievre .
i 've been to egypt twice and absolutely loved it and i plan to go back again .
other than one experience i had where i was taking pictures of a train station and the police made me delete the pictures i ca n't really back up this youtubers video .
even in that case the experience was slightly irritating but understandable i was taking pictures of infrastructure egyptian society is very much controlled/influenced by the military and they have had many problems with domestic extremist muslim terrorism .
i ca n't speak to the social and political problems of egypt which are extensive and many i just do n't see those problems intersecting with the average visitor to egypt .
everything the youtuber said is true but i do n't see it being relevant to the average tourist 's experience in the country .
it 's true that egypt is a messy dirty disorganized and corrupt shit hole but so are dozens of other third-world/developing countries that i have experience with .
to me the discussion of how fucked up egypt 's government is and how nice the country is for tourists are mostly two unrelated discussions .
i 'm sure that if you attract the attention of the wrong people your stay in egypt might become miserable but again that 's true of most corrupt countries and the vast vast majority of tourists will not be drawing any unusual attention .
it makes perfect sense that a youtuber with a large crew and tons of expensive equipment is going to attract more attention from corrupt officials but it 's also disingenuous to frame that experience as being something representative of how egypt treats tourists in general .
in short i loved egypt the history the culture the architecture the people the food etc .
and i do n't think there are many reasons to avoid the place and a whole bunch of reasons to go .
just be an average tourist do n't stand out respect local customs and laws and do n't be an idiot .
that said i also ca n't speak to the experience a woman traveling alone or without a male companion might have in egypt and it 's a bit sexist for me to talk about the average '' tourist while ignoring half the population .
the fact is i just do n't know what that 's like because i 'm a man but i hear it can be pretty sketchy in many parts of the world especially the developing world again .
this is an unacceptable tragedy and anecdotes i 've heard about how woman are mis treated and viewed in egypt and how rape is viewed do concern me .
many times it 's more erotic and seductive to show less .
showing it all does n't let the imagination work .
doubt we want to sell him tbh plus we paid 40m for the lad
it 's applied onto your whole board and guild units get double
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/exposedinpublic if you have any questions or concerns .
ich hab nie gesagt dass geld also anreize abgeschafft werden sollen und in meinem zweiten post hier auch beschrieben wer am meisten verdient und verdienen sollte .
die berufsgruppen würden abgedeckt sein durch eben diese anreize die angepasst an die leistung für die gesellschaft gezahlt werden und dadurch das es eben immer leute gibt das ist tatsächlich so die es lieben lkws zu fahren oder bagger oder auf dem bauernhof wo sie früh aufstehen müssen/wollen .
du unterschätzt auch sehr stark das pflicht und verantwortungsgefühl der menschen .
i 'm sure they thought this was another international treaty they could break in a limited and specific way .
next we 'll have karen patel demanding to see the manager of rwanda screaming that she wants her £120 million back .
i 'll never understand why they go all in with this schtick .
like is this supposed to be a joke or do they honestly want to promote this glorified friendly like it 'll grow to mean something ?
the album void by within destruction is exactly what you want .
ha no worries really enjoyed reading this so thanks for your work !
yeah true people tip for food most of the time but not rides here in la .
was very fauve early on his grids only start appearing in paris in the early 20s
this is exactly why i 've twice been offered to have my air fair stay meals and tool rental costs covered to fly to hawaii and do tile work .
at least from what i 'm told the workers are bad at the finished product cut corners take three times as long and charge twice as much .
and the damned circus is in town for the next six years .
i wonder if this is the same viper that was on display back in the 90s at my local dodge dealership .
my grandfather was a mechanic there and received a viper same color and spec and was told by the ceo of dodge at the time that he wrote the mileage down and if there 's any change to the mileage minus the .1-.2 miles it took to and from the showroom to the truck that the dealership would have to write a check for it and the car would be donated .
the next day my grandfather saw the general manager rev it out down the highway and back and of course had to write a check for it but always wondered what happened to it
i agree but also hilaria baldwin is finishing a very close second in that race 😂 🥒
i 'm trying not to think about it so i 'm hoping there was n't .
yta i 'm a guy and while occasional jokes are fine i 'm not walking around spewing sex jokes .
a good one that 's easy to get into is persona 5 with good enough rubberbanding mechanics to adjust to your playstyle if you 've never played a jrpg before
no they do n't rise it 's a no fault claim .
in order for the city to be held liable it would have to be deemed that proper maintenance '' of the tree was not being completed etc etc but that 's something the insurance company might try to go after the city for if rot or disease was found in the fallen tree .
i used to have good vision in both eyes and was right eye dominant .
but then the vision in my right eye got worse while my left eye remained near perfect .
so now my left eye is dominant for longer distances while my right is dominant for near distances .
after 10-20 minutes of playing my eyes start getting mixed up as to which one should take over .
temporary use of glasses adds sharpness but does n't fix the eye dominance problem .
been thinking of going to corrected vision full time to let my right eye become dominant over all distances again but seems pretty extreme just to play pool better .
then it 's the either the subliminal itself that is n't working or the topic they 're focused on is impossible .
there is no reason for one to not notice results if they 've been consistent with one subliminal for months .
this is the absolute perfect time to take it .
6/21 621 e621 the most unbelievable furry porn website you 'll ever see .
it 's a crutch that actors have been struggling to break past since the days of boris karloff in frankenstein so was always glad to see shimerman do his part to elevate the actual acting behind makeup
have you ever gone dumpster diving behind a chain pizza place ?
i it 's fantastic when you learn their trash cycle .
you can also find someone who has meh probably not great ingredients either because they 're not real .
and know that i am just a person who views the world through his own personal lense .
i have made enough mistakes to prevent me from feeling superior to anyone .
my only true criticism of any person or group is if they believe they are exempt of criticism .
i welcome someone like you adding good content to this dreary site .
i do n't like the fact that ladder 's closed list so i 'm going to break the rules to make it play how i want ''
the moment you first walk there you should get a hint that even bigger and scarier spiders are nearby .
talks about how you should n't go cold turkey but just stops taking them .
then says her anxiety symptoms are so much worse .
i swear this was just a way to create content for the day
i think he said she got fucked in the arm with a leg
i 've had the opposite at my local store lol .
thought i was getting a cherry and got a roma .
my current 2 mainly steal my tools needles hooks stitch markers ect or small pieces granny squares coasters cup cozies ect .
my late cat used to take yarn every chance she had .
i wish i had pictures of the worst yarn trap '' she made .
my bedroom was top floor technically 3rd but it was really only a half level above the 2nd floor she took the yarn ball 350 yards that i had just attached to the blanket i was working on from the basket on my bed the ball was under the wip through my wrought-iron foot board around the legs of my bed frame including wrapping it twice around the center leg then around my desk chair into the upstairs family room taking it over the sofa around the coffee table around both the wrought-iron table base and chairs up there it was a little 4 seater table we used for games/puzzles down both sets of stairs then through the chair legs of my parents 8 seater dining table around the living room couch back through the dining table chairs then around the base of the stairs you could walk 360 around the stairs twice through the kitchen past the interior garage door finally into the laundry closet .
by that point the ball was maybe the size of a large gum ball which is how she got under the door .
i came back from the store and found it like that mind you and some points the yarn was fairly tightly stretched across a good 12 to 14 inches from the floor .
if my brothers had n't been on the other side of the country at the time i would have thought it was them .
as it was only my parents and i had keys my dad was with me at the store and my mom was the only human in the house and she was in bed recovering from surgery .
what makes it more ridiculous is once i got it unraveled at least back up to my room i realized that not only was the basket exactly where i left it on the foot of my bed but the blanket i was working on was still in the basket .
she was so proud of herself and was very annoyed that i undid her work .
heh i remember getting a kossars hat and a similar offer with warhammer online ... i too feel old !
do n't feel intimidated by it it 's not that bad .
my first p-61 was black so this one will get the olive drab scheme .
aus west requires two market demands and asia east needs one that is like 350 of an item .
sorry but it never spazzed out on me do n't have it anymore as i gave it to my little cousin .
but i do have the mm731 and it 's also fine .
in order to help other players find your starship using the search-bar please consider adding a more descriptive title to future posts .
our wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/nmscoordinateexchange/wiki/shipparts has a link to the named parts list for most types of ships .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nmscoordinateexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's because having no gender is called agender which is totally different .
non-binary people are usually some combination of male and female traits .
that knight rider big wheel was my identity when i was 4 or 5 .
i had some sunglasses that my mom got me and a cardboard badge and i 'd roll around the block on patrol .
i remember it came with an extra sticker for the gauges that i was saving and refused to use for some reason .
you 'll learn quickly people on this sub are rude instead of helpful .
assuming by your comments it seems like you 're a new dasher !
plus you seem nice and generous which is what we need with more dashers .
just know order 's under around 6-6.50 depending on the base pay in your area will not be extra pay .
google dasher tips reddit and it should pop up a few good threads with great information !
they 're bidding for a dasher to take their order .
ask is the pay high enough at face value whatever it shows you on the app .
a lot of times it might not be higher so never bet on that !
a lot of people root for 2 per mile especially with gas right now so 6.50 for 3 miles is perfect .
orders right around the corner can take longer than worth as well with the worst customers that rate badly too .
you 'll figure out your market and find out what works best for you and what places orders to avoid !
8 times a year or approx every 6 weeks according to google
i think i found mark hertling 's statement in a twitter thread https threadreaderapp.com/thread/1505890299163381764.html from march 21
in this thread i 've not mentioned of ru casualties .
there are many estimates but i 'll just say ... i suspect they 're higher than any estimates .
that is a number that ukraine does not seem to estimate/report .
lol why is it when you call op racist you get upvoted but when u/retardedcommentmaker calls op racist he gets downvoted to oblivion lol i just think that 's so strange
what are the odds anyone has tried three different wheels in the same class ?
weird i feel this one is the best so far .
brush colour is set by the stroke not fill .
sally said something deeply hurtful to me and it has meant i am unable to consider her a friend anymore .
while what she said should not affect your friendship with her i hope for the sake of our friendship that you can understand i do not feel comfortable inviting her to my wedding . ''
seriously how hard was it for ted to just say that ?
c'mon man get your head out of your arse !
i assume that has to do with the fermi paradox option ?
probably better to have him look human but off rather than like a computer but off .
its difficult to deage and have too much dialogue without it looking strange .
put him in general population in an american prison .
how could someone even be turned on by the amount of pain she must have been in .
is there a way to know future gwps does lego announce them in advance ?
i would have delayed buying optimus if i knew about this .
so weird that you had to conjure this extreme scenario rather than just facing the reality that he nor bestie '' owes you anything .
in fact they both could have ghosted but your friend has at least expressed their discomfort that you 're overstepping their boundaries so have some dignity and just cut that shit out .
even if he is his own person his girlfriend is allowed to feel uncomfortable by how insistent you are on being able to text him dirty jokes and ultimately he 's going to prioritize her over you .
a reminder to posters and commenters of some of our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/askuk/about/rules
do n't be a dickhead to each other or about others or other subreddits
assume questions are asked in good faith and engage in a positive manner
no medical advice or mental health specific to a person content
please keep r/askuk a great subreddit by reporting posts and comments which break our rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askuk if you have any questions or concerns .
meine schönsten erfahrungen ... meine große 7 ist inzwischen in der zweiten klasse und hat mir gestern ein bild geschenkt auf dass sie papa du bist toll und lieb '' geschrieben hat .
und der krümel 4 kommt so gerne und kuschelt sich auf meinen schoß und dann legt er gerne eine hand in meinen nacken und streichelt mich da .
die große darf aus gründen grad jeden abend im großen elternbett einschlafen .
wenn wir dann ins bett gehen trage ich sie immer rüber und lege sie in ihr bett .
und dann geh ich noch beim krümel vorbei sehe zu dass er zugedeckt ist aber nicht zu viel er schwitzt dann viel ! .
die beiden wachen dabei kaum auf auch wenn ich mit großen schweren papa-schritten durch die halbdunklen zimmer stapfe weil sie wissen dass papa da ist und auf sie aufpasst .
und sowieso die kreativität der beiden ist sehr beeindruckend wie sie die welt entdecken und erkunden und ich darf sie begleiten und manchmal sogar anleiten .
und was ich ganz toll finde ist was gemeinsam unternehmen .
manchmal wünschen sie sich was und manchmal schlag ich was vor und alle sind immer begeistert mit dabei .
für die beiden ist das leben ein abenteuer und ich darf dabei sein .
octopus stinkhorn is now the name of my prog rock band
i know this is 8 years late but i 'm currently repairing my own danelectro and i have no idea how to match the repaired area to the surrounding glitter finish so do you still know how to do that style of finnish ?
so he managed to get all the way up there and however far around the trail before deciding to have a freakout ?
you hafta buy at least a twenty five round box of pistol ammo but 44 mag rounds are a loonie a round for 180 grain and its a canuk buck fifty for a 240 grain bullet ... aaaaand i saw a satin lined box at the second store for 6 ...
... ..so if you got yourself a 44 revolver that holds 6 rounds assuming you fire off the other 19 rounds of high caliber pistol ammo at enormous varmits and such your retirement plan is only 12 bucks plus whatever the bottle of scotch costs .
me too ... too bad we ca n't hang out together in real life until you find a better person for you .
i 'm mainly a ps1 ukv/aus pal player was using a framemeister found with 8k easier to use retrotink pro with mclassic lol
your post has been removed due to your account not meeting the required limit necessary to post here
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bonerfuel if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's looking way better now compared to the pics we saw last year
i am still a fan of this dude and hope he bounces back after the two disappointments .
i trust my boy hakari he is going to win this he was the one who mentioned earlier he wan na fight hajime .
from his face he still excited but hajime is very strong dude .
here i would comment on valkyrie 's shiny glittering legs since the boobs i think have been commented the most times ...
if i did n't have a cruise i 'd be down 😭
my auspost app updates with an item from soundmerch and og is the only thing i 've ordered from them so that must be it .
first seen here https redd.it/ulaby0 on 2022-05-08 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' vck6fd '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=vck6fd samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
she made an ornament of how i assume that kardashian lady who cuts cucumbers weird holds a bottle of wine
thank you thank you thank you for being respectful of your kiddo 's belongings .
as a little kid and as a teenager .y mom would randomly decide i had too many things '' and would raid my room take toys/books/clothes/whatever it was that caught her fancy and either give them to someone that needed them '' or just bag them up and dump them at goodwill .
this absolutely fucked me up and i still have a deep resentment for her all these years later currently 37 that hit a high point when she decided i did n't need '' the stuffed animals on my bookshelf that amounted to 500 of collectables that literally could not be replaced .
maybe benji 's favorite beanies may not be a big deal to your sister or your mother but they mean something to him .
your sister and mom have no right to say that their needs '' seriously needs ?
that 's a real selfish jerk move of them .
i 'd buy benji some cool beanie baby accessories out of spite .
the only time i can think of when i 'd use 走らなくて is if i said something like 走らなくていい活動 meaning an activity where you do n't have to run . ''
or you can add も to the end of it and say 走らなくてもいいよ you do n't have to run . ''
bei mir fällt die allergie in die fastenzeit weil ich auf die ganz frühen pollen reagiere .
und mir ist aufgefallen dass ich fast keine synonyme habe wenn ich mich vegan und mit wenig zucker ernähre .
ich kann es aber auch nicht erklären vielleicht geht es mir mit so einer ernährung einfach generell besser ...
the part that bothers me the most is knowing your intense work load he still would n't come to you or even to meet halfway .
rather you 're expected to do 100 of the work and go to him .
he 's not even taking you out but just having you go over to his place .
he 's lazy entitled disrespectful manipulative and probably will also show his abusive side once enough time passes .
definitely but only if i can actually get to the office in the first place
he really couldnt get it packed into bags and just make 3 or 4 trips .
i wonder how this man has made it this far .
im sure he breaths with his mouth open and chokes on his own spit frequently
what do you think will be discussed/the result of this meeting ?
i 'm not planning to get full historical but who knows .
i 'm not sure why i 'm playing tbcc currently 😂
both my friends are on it from retail so i guess thats why ... but i just ca n't enjoy it as much ...
i play for about 10 minutes until the nostalgia wears off and i 'm done .
i think it would be helpful to have a photo with a friend só it 's not just you all the time .
you can see people 's work cause they have to link it with their linkedin .
the problem is that it can take time to get off the waiting list unless you pay big bucks and it takes time to get matches cause you ca n't swipe endlessly .
i may agree with what hasan said but xqc is n't the one spamming a discord with hate against a friend '' weird tbh .
xqc also admitted to preventing friendships from happening so maybe it just creates weird grey area relationships .
it 'll be something to look back and laugh at just keep it and relax .
it 's never just orange juice when at a party of high schoolers
the knight and chaos knight have two pages to everyone else 's one .
i think they are getting detachment rules to prevent that .
i suppose if you 18 that probably seems like a long time .
however just to level set since january 2021 we provided 5.3 billion in security assistance .
this includes more than 4.6 billion since russia 's launched its attack .
is shell diala safe when it comes in contact with skin ?
could you please upvote some of the posts on my profile too ?
the problem is much more what happened in kherson melitopol berdyansk .
without high-ranking traitors and with better preparation in the south in general ukraine high command to blame this would have been much more difficult and quite possibly the russians would n't even have reached mariupol by now just like kharkiv .
good to hear asians with attitudes still going strong .
but neighborhood watch organizations are resilient to hollow twitter cancellations because they reflect real people attitudes to local issues .
boba blue check virtue signaling can only go so far .
and to be clear i never said she had to start captioning today .
i even specifically said in my very first comment that if it is hard for her she should take her time .
the video does n't need to be released today either
if you 're not going to tell us what kind of vehicle it 's hard to guess .
it 's the work of one company that does work like this all around this area .
i know who they are but they are out of business now .
they are fine with installing systems like this because they want people to call them back for trouble calls .
not really ... 2 maybe notice who is endorsed '' ?
to move the 5 required to move losers '' to winners '' in canadian elections .
i reach out pushing you against the wall as my fingers wander down to lift your skirt .
i grind myself between your legs my dick getting harder every move before i pull it free rubbing the tip up against your pussy lips
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
getting jiggy is when you dont get your shirt wrinkly and run fast
please do n't form any opinions of my country !
trying to get on there myself but only just started out
the guide most likely would n't be complete in the first few months anyway i will play it blind whether i want to or not .
hopefully the game lives up to the expectation of being suikoden 's spiritual successor to warrant another playthrough
no i am not lol i am having a conversation about it .
i have no idea why you 're being so rude .
it 's not like i made it up it 's all on camera .
edit you are being rude you instantly told me to fuck off and were being on the defensive instead of having a conversation about it .
commander legends had serious depth with multiple cards that could hold their own in cedh and legacy too .
usually it has nothing to do with you and everything to do with the cheater .
if they are unhappy in a relationship they should have the respect to break up with you before trying to get with someone else .
the real question is which is the second best horse ?
i think there are a lot of great choices but i 'd lean toward mandarb or pips .
tiger sharks do n't breathe that way only some species breathe that way great whites and tiger sharks move and the water flows through their gills .
jfk did too ... a whole bunch of shit fell into place or out of line with the assassination of jfk .
airbnb is n't responsible for anything as you went off platform to book .
sounds like she was scamming you from the start .
oh i see on the wing i did n't look there .
funny because i would have this happening to me from both sides .
and younger men with older ages who like older women .
it 's always going to be creepy behavior no matter who does it .
if someone is n't interested in dating your age deal with it and find those that do n't mind .
el would self combust upon seeing byleth in a 2 piece .
i 'd like to think this is after she had some time to cool off in the shade 3
i just think keeping the wildcat name makes a lot of sense given the history of the ride and certain people involved
being an average user vs a experienced user does n't matter .
if something goes wrong the user is going to blame wyze .
do you suddenly not care about people who are starving because there are also syrian refugees ?
there are more than one type of problems in the world and you can care about more than one at a time
this is exactly what the installer did on my system .
put a big red placard on the main breaker to the house .
i found out later the only reason it passed is because my cover has a space for a padlock .
one of the requirements in our area is that the utility must be able to lock the disconnect off for safety .
we are getting our submitters verified and we have determined
your account is brand new or you are not verified .
your content has been removed until this is resolved .
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mexicana if you have any questions or concerns .
actually we did n't start accepting weddings until january .
judging by the rest of summer that was the culprit .
i have been waiting for some sort of explanation from them but nothing so when i seen this i knew i had to post here .
i want a brz but the kid i have needs 4 doors lol
i bought some initio zoologist mfk and xerjoff decants from the etsy seller betterthantheirs https www.etsy.com/shop/betterthantheirs ? ref=usf_2020 .
that should n't be a question you have to ask it 's north korea it 's one of the most awful places to live in the world
mine is new as well and has same trees .
why do n't you just leave your crap out of subreddits that do n't involve politics .
this is a conspiracy subreddit we know what propoganda looks like .
i think it 's all a matter of opinion i personally find rhoc boring so i get it .
i love jens style drama and antics i love meredith and her feathers i love to hate bad weather love watching mary be crazy .
what does he mean by ‘things got a little choppier ' ?
my question for you is have you done student teaching or any substitute teaching ?
when i did my ma it was a program that also got me a teaching license a degree in curriculum and instruction .
part of the program was student teaching for a semester and my program recommended we also sub in the semester before or after that which was brilliant .
if you can show you student taught and you subbed for about a year that will help .
having your master 's and a teaching license will help a lot .
i 'd also strongly recommend taking the praxis test for english because at least in my state since i have the ma in curriculum and instruction all i needed to do was take the test .
so i 'm now dual certified in social studies and english .
with all that i was able to get a job offer in shanghai in my last semester of grad school which i went to the very next school year .
you should be able to get a job somewhere .
i would strongly recommend against china now though unfortunately the money is great and for a while it was a great situation but that 's changed in the last 3 years .
get on international schools services and especially search associates .
my old gm would get pissed when employees discussed wages and she heard about it .
i think she almost had a stroke when i told my fellow co-workers that in fact it was federally protected to do so and they 'd have one hell of a lawsuit against the company if they were fired for it .
bruh i 'm not saying it 's not dumb .
so right or wrong it does seem silly to say that we 've determined x standard say 60 points is where you should be minimally to do all the wtbd that all soldiers are expected to do at a basic level .
and now we 're going to say jk infantry soldiers need to be able to do it 10 better than signal soldiers '' .
i mean idgaf slap another 10 points on it and call it the combat arms standard .
we are a nation of people and we can contribute to society for the betterment of it and our people .
why is the collective more important than the individual ?
then the society is then built off this narcissism and rugged individualism
well ancient greece and rome seem to have been great societies even though they were built around these same values that you hate .
having someone dictate over other 's lives is like flipping a coin .
if the dictator is good then the country and its people will rejoice as they will be lucky enough to live good lives .
however if the dictator is bad at his job or if he is simply a tyrannical narcissist then the people and the country are doomed .
since that 's an enormous risk to take i think i 'll stick with national liberalism .
i think it 's only anonymous if it 's not court mandated ...
getting puts on vxx/uvxy is pretty close to free money .
he was a cyclist and you know how they are .
im stealing this picture and you ca n't stop me 😏 great looking car !
i do n't think i 'm managing it well at all .
i moved to a new state last fall to be with someone i dated over 13 years ago .
but there 's struggles with that as in i 'm pulling more weight in the relationship and in the financial part .
i 'm working three jobs 7 days a week now just to make close to what i made before i moved .
my coworkers at my primary job are my main support out here .
yeah i 'm super down about some situational things i wish were different but as a whole i 'm just way burnt out on everything and i do n't have a great outlook
what ever happened to buying a cake and/or having a farewell lunch ?
apparently ! yoongi plays a grand piano at one of the shows i guess it 's this one !
my debit card has a cute ram on it and i 'd really like to see this option carried over
we are all attracted to who we are attracted to .
i accept and love everyone but that does n't mean i am sexually attracted to everyone .
um ... pal i think it 's best if you leave this subreddit since 99 of the posts are people dressed up as joker or harley quinn
shinies will progress on the way with the eggs and the different roads !
do n't think you can say a keeper that has n't played often for years is easily better than one that does
the author is a market research analyst giving his take on the current state of the industry from a particular angle and they provide ample sources and backing to their claims .
i bet everything is peak blogspam trash '' according to this fuck .
they 're always someone who thinks they 're very important
are we now pretending that opinion pieces do n't have a value ?
the problem is not that medical professionals are n't making the best decisions the problem is that the best decisions require turning away people with possible fatal conditions .
it 's just the shitty position we are in and it 's obvious to absolutely everybody except the people in government that can do anything about it .
i believe you because i 've gotten about 20 serious proposals in dm since posting lol
you are perfect not only for a morning fuck but to be the perfect girlfriend too
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
alexander made me take an exceptionally long walk to a cave with a single sleepy dragon that ... kept sleeping .
if your parents still ask you for help on even setting up the router then they probably are n't tech savvy enough to look through the site logs
titles need to include your gender first then followed by your age in a title tag like f18 or m18 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/canberransfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i think its only a matter of time before ukraine gets the mgm-140 atacms for the m270 and the m142 .
that encrypted phone will be ringing with the co ordinates of every russian command post in ukraine .
it pretty hard to run a special military operation '' when every commander is vaporized .
the van richten guide mentions rare cases of flesh golems retaining memories and even suggests letting someone play as one temporarily of course this should work for various reasons for different golems gaining sentience
i do but at least have a clean background when you send one .
cause if your surroundings are dirty it makes me think you 're dirty .
they forgot to add a hideo kojima study at the end there .
got ta laugh at the last line about the water sleeping mask 😂
the examiner might ask couple of questions relevant to your planned flight but written tests are very extensive and if you 've managed to pass those it 's assumed you know the theory well enough .
i am probably not being explicit enough when i try to hint that their constant references to shit makes me think of a pungent stench song called klyster boogie https youtu.be/eb6hvs6gxxg .
i am sure that jim thought of randy 's farts as a sweet melody .
i feel like that even when i 'm writing it and i know beforehand what is going to happen ! .
in fact the sensation decreases a bit while reading it after i think because i 'm not that good writing yet but yeah it 's totally there .
and if i do n't remember a good section ...
boy that is a fantastic travel where i can only think i 'm a fucking genius ! '' .
and then i bring that to my writing group and it 's like this is awful .
but hey it means there is gold behind all that crap so i guess it will be good after editing .
some guy did a yakuza 6 mod where you can play as daigo and you can take kashiwagi model from y7 and replace nagumo with it
transliteration is about matching sounds from the source that your native tongue lacks a way to express in the alphabet with a single glyph .
worst transliteration into german i can think of must be dschenghis khan and tschetschenien .
but do ukrainians pronounce kyiv as a two syllable word or single syllable ?
i believe they use two syllables so german transliteration should be something like kyjiw or kyiw depending on how it is pronounced in ukrainian .
i think the ï letter makes it a yi sound like in coyote .
not a bug they changed the default mode to randomly play tracks from the area .
you ca n't add gas with an adjustable gas block ...
i take a few bottles of cutter spray from home depot and mix 1:1 ratio with water in a hand cannon pump sprayer then cover the vegetation around my yard .
try to spray the bottom of leaves to retain a bit in the rain .
that and the dynatrap just do n't put it where you plan to sit .
btw you 'll also kill a ton of other good bugs but i 'm willing to bear that burden to kill the mosquitoes
i do but it runs like crap on my pc haha
i think you can use the tail movement to give positive reinforcement to the players who pet the dogs .
dogs tend to express lots of stuff with their tail movement and most players will recognize them .
you can implement this easily just changing the frame animation speed .
nobody is suggesting that the police should investigate this .
no all they were saying is the point is if his name is already on file then if/when he rapes a child there 's already a paper trail which makes it far easier for the victim to get justice .
why are you against victims of child rape getting justice ?
is it because you 're worried one of them is gon na mention your name or something ?
if you 're 20 years old with 1,000,000 you could only spend upto 17k/year assuming you will die at 80 years old earning no interest
this is a heavily moderated subreddit in order to keep the discussion on science .
however we recognize that many people want to discuss how they feel the research relates to their own personal lives so to give people a space to do that personal anecdotes are now allowed as responses to this comment .
any anecdotal comments elsewhere in the discussion will continue to be removed and our normal comment rules https www.reddit.com/r/science/wiki/rules wiki_comment_rules still apply to other comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/science if you have any questions or concerns .
uh did he just fry wagyu in butter and then freeze it ?
that shits too expensive to be screwing around like that .
not necessarily there were a lot of t-34s in russia .
and there probably are many cases where crews also counted trucks or other vehicles .
wake up to 2.3 🤣🤣🤣 my puts are gon na be very happy today
it does n't since the team with the most speed does n't have this issue therefore the issue is not a result of design limitations .
for ph i am using a cheap one from china not really the model for it .
but if you can aim for something like the atlas scientific ph sensors https atlas-scientific.com/kits/gravity-analog-ph-kit used their gear in the lab both college and at work they do n't disappoint !
ph sensors do need some maintenance though at the very least a monthly cleanup and calibration for accurate readings .
yeah but it adds to the whole esg shit .
funds being like tesla is n't a clean company wwants this guy or that guy for president . ''
i a female made the move and gave interest.. but it seemed like it was overstepping.. so i hear complaints about doing all the work but then when a woman tries it might be deemed emasculating .
nope impure thirteen orphans is the second most common yakuman while pure orphans is rarer but not the rarest .
the rarest hands are pure nine gates and su kantsu 4 kans .
all the curly braces and slashes are there but the configuration is jumbled .
is shift+6 but its not rather it 's shift é. i will try and talk to the seller but if they deny i 'll use a software that revamps the keyboard .
also by any chance do you know what this keyboard is ?
you look incredibly beautiful either way ... you look just amazing .
i hope the results are everything you are after mate .
i 'm in the uk too and trying to figure out good surgeons to consider while balancing potential costs and i 've seen this guys name pop up a few times in a positive light .
one thing i 'm wondering i notice you 've said he did full gland removal and cauterised the blood vessels to prevent regrowth which for someone like me who 's on dutasteride would likely be a sound idea .
however my biggest fear when it comes to gyno is getting the gland removed and ending up with a collapsed nipple or indentations for me that would be worse than the relatively mild gyno i have so i 'm curious if he stated what he 's done/does to prevent nipple collapse if he 's not leaving any tissue behind ?
ottawa emergency preparedness minister bill blair and deputy prime minister chrystia freeland say they did n't hear recommendations from police to enact the emergencies act .
both ministers were called to testify before the special parliamentary committee that 's tasked with exploring why the government declared a national emergency amid blockades at border crossings and in downtown ottawa in february .
i 'm not aware of any recommendation of law enforcement blair said tuesday .
quite frankly this is a decision of government . ''
ahh thank you so much for sharing this clip i have n't seen it before
i aim for 2x 750ml bottle not sure what that is in ounces and i can drink more but i end up needing to pee way too often .
so if i 'm out and about i have to reduce my intake which sucks
that 's what the left says that conservatives gets banned for to justify the institutionalized purge of conservatives when conservatives in reality simply gets banned for speaking out against the newest progressive fad or for citing crime statistics .
tbf some of the faces have very little variation and is not that unusual to prefer one hairstyle so it 's easy to end up with lots of long lost siblings .
it 's generally understood to be elevated self-interest to the detriment of others and interpersonal relationships yeah ?
i think op 's viewpoint is that perpetuating one 's bloodline constitutes self-interest and doing so is a detriment to children in need of a home and parents .
i 'm not saying i agree but i get how someone could see it that way .
when someone turtles up like that punching them in the head hurts the puncher worse than the punchee .
got ta go for the ribs shit hurts waayyy worse and would get him to cover up his sides leaving his head exposed .
couple body shots and that turtling shit do n't work no more .
if it was sold make sure that is the reason for the increase .
you will get a refund after the year for overpayment
if you can provide me the part number that would be great .
maybe after that they can stop homelessness and world hunger ...
are we seriously ignoring his exit interview and how he threw shade at vogel ?
to top it off wood does n't cost 50 million
maybe ova t w if my freind let me have my user is bakerbro12341
you will be able to find them till the end of time .
yea but at the same time no i do have some amazing people with me in life
or are they related in that if partner had better taste in luck with metas you 'd be okay but these specific metas turn you off to the whole poly thing ?
according to wikipedia alcindor changed to kareem in june of 1971 after the bucks won the nba title .
the one on the left is u/bitter-chiver the one on the right ?
i have no clue but i wish i did .
weight-lift yoga outdoor running stair master 60lbs weighted vest during hiit workouts row machine .
i do all of those pretty consistently at a pretty high intensity and i do great .
although an intense leg day accompanied with some good soreness can make certain poses a little harder to access .
the real question is if he made enough to pay rent and wifi
otherwise you can look up sfo collections in steam .
the top rated ones have a huge list of mods and have always been fully compatible in my experience
i remember having seen this during my zp fan phase and had a moment of wait holy shit ! ''
hi zay3rz your submission was removed from r/onepiece for the following rule violation
do n't post links to plain or slightly edited panels pages screenshots gifs or scenes from the manga anime .
you may submit a plain panel/scene as a self post text post .
meaning your post must link to the discussion and not the image .
just a title and the image are n't enough .
if you want to discuss a certain page/scene from the manga/anime please accompany it with an original analysis or discussion questions .
in other words a plain panel/scene must show visible effort to generate discourse rather than simply react to something that happened .
here is what such a post should look like https imgur.com/a/tlqzwfx
these types of posts are discouraged by our community .
this includes but is not limited to screencaps from instagram twitter facebook reddit comments or instant messages on your phone .
if you think your screencap has value your post must follow a similar format as described in rule 4 plain panels/scenes
you may submit a screencap as a self post text post .
meaning your post must link to the discussion and not the image .
it must also be accompanied by a discussion question or a summary of your thoughts on the screencap .
in other words a screencap must show visible effort to generate discourse rather than simply react to or repost something you saw .
the full rule documentation of the subreddit can be read here https www.reddit.com/r/onepiece/wiki/rules .
if you have questions about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonepiece .
here are my tips from my journey with pfd i 'm not a doctor but this is what has helped me in my journey ... and i 'm doing pretty good now !
breathing exercises focus on series that 's stretch the diaphragm pranayama meditation helped me a lot
physical exercises for the legs and always at the end must do the stretches for the lower back and the legs stuff like happy baby pose works do them for at least 90 seconds every time ... you could even do the breathing and the stretches every morning but is better to warm up the legs before stretch
cold plunge get in a bucket full of ice for five minutes as many times as you can
and steam room are good for relaxing the muscle do them as much as you can
get cialis prescription 5mg every day for 3 months that 's helps a ton !
excellent to relax the muscle in that area and helps with the urine stream a lot
do n't put pressure on that area while having sex let the gold club do the hard work not you
if you do all this i should be great !
this is such a hate filled outlook towards bing and they do n't deserve it .
it called stargazy pie it biritish cuisine that exist irl .
welcome and please flair your post if not currently flaired .
first read the mistake or pregnancy risk sticky https www.reddit.com/r/birthcontrol/comments/4iqgi7/mistake_or_pregnancy_concernrisk_start_here or the consolidated experience post https www.reddit.com/r/birthcontrol/comments/qt9ttb/consolidated_rbirthcontrol_experience_links .
if this is an experience post please consider adding it to the list
the rules and additional resources can be found on the about sidepage desktop users look to the right and reddit app up top .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/birthcontrol if you have any questions or concerns .
the past readings i 've gotten from her have been very accurate as well as spells 🪄 so i do trust her she did charge me do not a lot 10 i do think it was kinda trashy for her just telling me inanna but since it was the first time i heard about spiritual parents i was curious
i have really bad ptsd from something that happened a few months ago so every time someone opens the door and forgets to turn off the alarm especially at night i immediately jump up out of bed and typically go hide in my bathroom .
you have a valid point but wonder where we would be if the government did n't have to keep pumping money into the economy as it has for the last 20 years ?
we put over 50k of at into a house .
all out doors blonds lights a/c etc are controlled by phone .
our hps participants reduce by av 2.4 hours of support time per day .
talk to your counselor and see what options are .
they 'll have a decent idea of where students in your position place every year .
i 'm sure something will work out do n't worry good luck !
i have a running playlist which is a mix of metalcore and 90s ibiza tunes .
he needs to learn people change their mind and it 's allowed
why sky is n't in eng squad but for ire squad i think he should play maximum matches as possible before wc .
14 classes max but 6 classes can overlap so kind of 8 classes .
but maybe more really bc there 's very few classes that actually overlap .
i 'm thinking i should just do 16 for fall and push hard .
then again for winter and see what comes then and in the spring .
and these idiots never consider that the cure for cancer would also generate money it 's not like curing cancer would be done for free
i can not believe people buying double yolk eggs and trying to get internet points out of it is still a thing .
he has blood on his hands and he tastes blood in the water .
a quick google search suggests bleeding gums could be one of the symptoms of graves disease .
my family nickname has always been sis but ever since my sister transitioned i have been having a great time also calling her sis .
we 're both sis but only one of us is cis
i would love to breed you until you become a mommy with milky tits
one of the problems with online interpretations of symbols is that they are streamlined and statistically calculated so since the majority of people consider pregnancy to be a blessing and it is regarded to be bad form to say otherwise in most collective forums the interpretations will be exclusively or nearly exclusively positive with an underlying assumption that there must be something wrong with anyone who believes otherwise .
usually i would say that it is a mistake to interpret dream imagery too concretely that being pregnant does not necessarily mean being pregnant and a baby is most likely not referring to an actual baby etc .
however given your strong feelings on the subject and your response in the dream i would tend in this instance to be more literal and suggest the dream images refer to precisely what they appear to .
you find yourself pregnant against your desire nor do you warm up to the idea or discover any maternal feelings within yourself when you see the ultrasound and realize that you are carrying a new life .
instead you determine to get an abortion and you have to hide your intentions from your mother .
in your dream i take it your mother is actually your mother but she probably also represents the maternal instinct you are turning away from .
i would think she represents generations of women in your family and in society who have had children and found their purpose in life in raising families .
when you make your decision to not have children and to ensure that you will never become pregnant and in the dream to not carry the baby to term you are turning away from all of that the pressure the expectations that potential identity .
dream images are misunderstood when they are judged by the conscious mind .
your dream did not present itself to you so that others might say you are a terrible person for deciding to abort the baby you never wanted in the first place '' and there is something wrong with you for feeling the way you do '' and perhaps you need professional help to find your way back to 'normal ' '' etc .
they should be examined without moral are feeling judgment .
you are setting an individual course and this means you will risk judgment by those around you because you are straying from the norm .
the path you are choosing will be at times one that may isolate or alienate you from others and probably this stings you a bit or makes you feel vulnerable a bit because you do try to be circumspect and feel like you must hide it from your mother .
as to the other part which you only mention quickly at the end i would say this is a supportive addendum .
it does not have the emotional impact and i do n't know what resonances a specifically british military base has for you but the general sense of this part of the dream is you are committing a crime .
edward f. edinger writes in his book ego and archetype
dreams of having committed a crime may have the same meaning as the original crime of stealing the fruit .
what is a crime at one stage of psychological development is lawful at another and one can not reach a new stage of psychological development without daring to challenge the code of the old stage .
hence every new step is experienced as a crime and is accompanied by guilt because the old standards the old way of being have not yet been transcended .
so the first step carries the feeling of being a criminal .
the original crime of taking the fruit from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil is really a crime of expanding consciousness .
prior to the transgression adam and eve lived in a paradisal garden much as children in their innocence with everything provided for them but with the eating of the fruit they were banished from this paradise and forced into the real world the world of adult responsibility and pain and mortality .
edinger goes on to say that we must all re-enact that original sin if we hope to grow and develop into the individuals we were meant to be .
we must be willing to push boundaries and commit crimes and accept the consequences of those actions then repeat them and continue pushing against the limitations society places upon us .
we must symbolically be willing to break into eden again and again go to the forbidden tree and eat the fruit and win each level of consciousness we hope to attain .
those who are unwilling to do that simply stop growing .
in the first part of your dream you are committing another crime of sorts .
aborting the pregnancy is not illegal but it is a crime against tradition and tradition is another limitation that it sounds like you have striven to overcome in your life .
as far as the intp thing i tend to give that very little regard .
intp is another label which can become a defining restriction or limitation collectively significant but ultimately at odds with individuation .
when carl jung initially came up with his typology he was pretty clear that the types were for reference since no pure types exist and we all exhibit characteristics of all types as circumstances demand .
if it 's a spam account or it 's not op please send a message to the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgonewild18 and tell us !
hey u/tutorcadge keep in mind that r/gonewild18 it 's for self posters only your account it 's not verified yet .
you might post but you will receive this message and a not verified flag .
follow the verification process https www.reddit.com/r/gonewild18/wiki/verification to avoid this message in the future ! !
take a look and subscribe to the next amazing subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild18 if you have any questions or concerns .
when mining became a thing then semiconductor crisis just made it worse .
if you ca n't buy a console or a nice pc unless you sell your kidney how are you supposed to play .
but jax 's eyes were popping out of his head with coke that day he probably tried to stuff it in her knee crease or something .
meanwhile i 'm in the netherlands wishing we would n't be so car-centric lol .
even the least car-centric countries come up way short on this issue .
looks like japan and the fact that no one has noticed that is weird to me is there something wrong with my eyes
spent like an hour yesterday listening to my parents talk about how trans people are all going to hell and should be shot while i 'm a closeted trans man
in the video he says that he recommends slightly jutting the lower jaw forwards during the day .
i 've heard that can cause problems but i 've also heard others say they received benefits from it like better jaw alignment .
yeah not a fan of gear 5 as well .
when gear 5 appeared for me at least its out of place .
its like it literally hopped over a crevice to another .
its like gear 5 belong to the pre time skip era where goofiness belong .
because after time skip it became serious and gags became awkward that it does n't fit the art style and personality of each character i mean look at zoro doing gags 😂 it just doesnt fit anymore .
its more apparent in anime than manga thats why i think awakening appearance is either early or late revealed .
the awakening could either happen during straw hats v the wg towards the ending or before the time skip .
i dont even mind if luffys fruit is a different entity that is known as joyboy/nika .
the plot-hole about this is luffy already met zunisha before so there should be some indicator that zunisha recognizes joyboy in luffy .
but then zunisha only recognized joyboy after luffy awakened .
the only salvation i could see is how the awakening/gear5 will be animated .
nta he was way too pushy be glad you found out who he is this early .
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
sag einfach die so schön 'at geprickelt in mein bauchnabel ''
i 've not stamped golf clubs but have stamped other metals .
the cheaper the stamp set the more inconsistent the letter position is on the stamp .
the stamp will wear faster too so commonly used letters will start to look different to lesser used ones faster .
getting the letters spaced correctly and inline is more difficult than you 'd assume .
getting them in line is even more difficult on cheaper stamps where they are not positioned to the same tolerance so even if you get the stamp itself lined up perfectly the letter may still be off .
i 'd advise you use an ink pad to test the letter on your club before stamping it .
i 'd say yes but i do n't like stamped clubs .
if you do like stamped clubs then you may think differently .
if you rush it you will have uneven and wonky letters so take your time and test the stamps first .
its easy to make a way to give the doctor more regenerations that does n't involve changing their origins
if only there existed some type of wire mesh barrier specifically designed with chickens in mind .
you take care of your mom and each other do you understand ? ''
then the avatar of melora cause we love the wildmother shows up and embraces our feathery lad
i would turn into an emotional mess if that happened because travis and brennan would just have us all sobbing thinking that cerrit was going to make a fatal last stand before having him go all out super saiyan with matt piping in as the voice of the wildmother .
we 'd get this beautiful moment of loss grieving and acceptance followed by one of pure triumph and exaltation before realizing that unless cerrit turns into something that 's more than a god it still wo n't be enough to save everyone .
he 's still going to have to leave people behind and despite having divine powers it still wo n't be enough to forestall the calamity .
he 'll get some folks out but not everyone and would still probably have to participate in the conflict somehow because a guy like cerrit does n't just sit on the sidelines for the entirety of that kind of a game .
also i just realized that there 's some nfl symbolism going on because cerrit is basically cowboy travis playing an eagle .
there are places you can go on the beach while in suburban areas and not see anyone.. its awesome not not recommended for swimming..coz ya know..
have to admit i kekd as they ate pizza while ignorimg her .
well buddy i 've actually got 16 years funny enough and i still disagree
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegeamateurs if you have any questions or concerns .
man i dont wan na live through a great depression .
two-thirds of all gun fatalities in the u.s. are suicides .
cigarette smoking causes about one in five deaths in the u.s. each year 480k . ''
maybe you should focus on banning cigarettes rather than guns .
i ca n't imagine trying to defend my home or state using a pack of cigarettes .
i do n't mind making a water for someone if they wait in line like any other customer .
i hate when it 's a group or one person that wants 5 trena waters like fuck off you 're getting grande unless it looks like you 're doing manual labor .
the rapids here fall into the same abyss that the avalanche and nuggets do they are on altitude a channel unavailable through xfinity cable which has majority market share .
so it 's just a disaster status quo so at least here apple tv with no blackout sounds an improvement .
waaa she 's just gon na steal all my soup again xdd
babe that is effing hot af and i 'd be on your boys as many times as they can stand ! ! !
i live in the american gardens building on west 81st street .
i believe in taking care of myself and a balanced diet and a rigorous exercise routine .
in the morning if my face is a little puffy i 'll put on an ice pack while doing my stomach crunches .
after i remove the ice pack i use a deep pore cleanser lotion .
in the shower i use a water activated gel cleanser .
then apply an herb mint facial mask which i leave on for 10 minutes while i prepare the rest of my routine .
i always use an aftershave lotion with little or no alcohol because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older .
then moisturizer then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lotion .
there is an idea of a patrick bateman some kind of abstraction but there is no real me .
and though i can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our life styles are probably comparable i simply am not there .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
but i 'm smart enough to know that verbally abusing people at a fucking dinner table in response to a stupid joke is not the best way to promote spare farmed animals .
like seeing vegans being hostile and humourless probably is n't going to open so many people to the cause given the alternative of vegans being—as americans say— '' cool as fuck '' .
he is abusing you let there be no ambiguity there .
please move forward with a divorce and please get into therapy asap because you will have so much to process mentally once you 're out of there and your brain has the space for reflection .
it 's the greatest gift you can give yourself .
check with your state 's bar association to see what resources are available .
then ... use a parkade they 're never full yes the past 2 years of nonsense count
i once saw a posting from johnson johnson that looked very legit and their pay history backed it up .
although payed exists the reason why autocorrection did n't help you it is only correct in
nautical context when it means to paint a surface or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant .
payed out when letting strings cables or ropes out by slacking them .
unfortunately i was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment .
apparently phrases like schrodinger 's douchebag piece of shit and manchild are too harsh 😂
thanks for all of the response with more rolling in .
i 'll be going through it all in the next day or so and i 'm sure i 'll be subbing to a few of you
if it were just stealing hogan awa would have survived they were still drawing great for a few years .
it was also everything else vince raided them of on top of that .
tv stations arena rights production staff other talent announcers etc .
no idea but having more choices is always good if i want a burger but do n't care for mcdonalds being able to choose something else is nice .
osu the rhythm game did a similar thing where they forebid everyone from using osu in their channel names
i only knew the channel was deleted which was quite sad many songs i listened to there
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thick if you have any questions or concerns .
you ca n't sell ships but go to equipment '' on the bottom right corner and sell your equipment .
yes you are under an obligation to pay for things you sign a legally binding document for just like that 550 you borrowed you do have to pay that because you signed a contract
i really do n't want to buy it on egs please come to steam soon .
considering a wooden 7ft replica weighed 25lbs id say closer to 60-70 but yeah .
also considering rwby is 5'4 and therefore probably weighs nothing its probably like half-1/3 her body weight that she swings around with easr .
i kiss more and more passionately stroking your cock faster with every kiss your cock so hard that i could feel the precum dripping out of it already .
but just for the season probs aaron with experience .
i 'm on a phone and could have articulated this more in depth .
essentially a deeper argument at the time within the gay and intellectual communities was whether marriage was an institution worth preserving or whether it was a mechanism designed to exclude homosexuality from being recognized as a legitimate and ethical lifestyle .
this argument was being waged primarily in the gay community .
fortunately the more conservative voices within the gay community won and now we have gay marriage .
had they lost that ideological war it 's quite possible that the acceptance of lgb rights would have been synonymous with the destruction of marriage as an institution at least within the popular narrative .
run like your life depends on it because your entire future happiness is at stake .
reminder phr4r is not a discussion forum please message the op instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
a 50-year-old man marrying a 6-9-year-old girl is clearly child abuse .
would you give your 6-year-old daughter to a 50-year-old man think about it . ''
i am afraid to live in a world where you and your family will be killed because you said something for a man who died years ago . ''
he was commenting on the 1 absurdity of putting mohammad of arabia on a pedestal 2 and how he hates religions '' .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
alcohol is a poison and increases your risk of cancer .
you can go your whole life not having alcohol and benefit from it .
you can get the benefits of red wine from other foods it 's not some magic source of polyphenols
if you subscribe check out my livestream from tuesday night where i am fed cum from a shot glass 🤤
if that 's lxwxh the floor space will likely not be adequate for life .
make sure to take a few weeks to watch the set up and get everything dialed in .
tall cages like that can be tricky to get set up .
in a series where characters will double quadruple their body mass for transformations why do we draw the line at hallucinations ?
if anything 7 and village proved they can dip into supernatural elements without losing its biohazard roots .
i 'm just trying to collect chitin from scorpions and this mf snipes me cross map and tanks my armor .
i 'd eat that pussy till you came on my face then go balls deep in you
name has power even in areas where the name falls short .
this is exactly the reason why general music stores mostly are n't recommended for string players .
nta the fact that parents so often put their children instead of their partner first is why some children end up with divorced parents .
non è ancora stato pubblicato nulla in gazzetta ufficiale oggi ho preso i mezzi pubblici e non l'ho messa .
in un treno proveniente dalla svizzera e pieno principalmente di turisti la indossava una piccola minoranza sul regionale invece ce l'avevano tutti tranne me e un paio di persone .
the one on the right is a character from the late 70s
as for the characters age i wan na say she was late teens around 17-18ish also an alien .
so they did n't have her put a little weight on ?
my girlfriends said that she 's a little worried that i 'm going to the gym to get in shape and that i 'm gon na leave her after i keep explaining i 'm going for me hopefully she accepts it eventually
so there 's this girl on reddit called hey it 's just bunny ... ...
1/4th were n't and you 're focusing on the throwaway part of what i said .
even more if we would n't waste most of our food feeding it to animals .
9th level spell that charged the city 's batteries to full .
why is it if a man rapes a woman the news says rape .
when a woman raped a kid the news says forced to have sex
if you can wait then just order one at msrp .
if you ca n't wait then you 're at the mercy of what 's available right now .
nothing better than seeing someone stick to their guns be right and get paid big time for it .
you can guarantee all the people who cried permabear 6m ago would now claim the bubble being popped was long overdue and your win is n't even impressive 🤣
fewer restrictions would just result in bigger gaps between the bigger and small teams .
pull out nids/eldar/tau and sallies/custodes are clear front runners at the moment .
could be a sign for after the updates sallies meta is coming haha
real talk do they have a date yet for when the beta launches ?
it 's probably wrong i saw it on some video if i need to edit it i will probably .
seeing a lot of comments saying it does n't work when they try it outside of network .
i am talking from personal experience and thats what u dont care abt so why should i even care ?
believe what u want this will be a problem especially if they remove the normal recruitment of javans .
thank you i need that in my life you made my day qwq
you have a family of your own now they take priority .
i imagine your parents/relatives are n't taking mental health problems seriously enough .
nelsons datehole is always dirty so no pauly youre fine
what 's the point of trying to understand lyrics when the instrumental makes up a majority of a song in music ?
it 's not easy for a mentally ill person to legally obtain a firearm
didnt the 18 yo dude in texas walk into a gun store bought a gun with cash legally and killed 21 people in a school with it ?
... ... ... ... .and you see having a gun as a right ?
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/ve7k6o/what_do_you_think_will_be_fortnites_first_mythic in r/fortnitebr was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in an automatic ban from r/fortnitebr .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
pardon my ignorance but are airtags in any way different from tiles ?
aside from the obvious fact that the apple ecosystem is way larger and therefore they probably work better .
i 'm only asking because i have had tiles for many years but i have n't had or seen an airtag demoed .
my wife and i ca n't have kids and because we are poor and live in a shithole state adoption is not possible so our pups are what we put our heart into .
it 's definitely unpopular so i updooted you but this is a common post here .
some posters are extremely hateful about the issue but you seem level headed about it .
i was quite hang up on what could have been '' family-wise before i was essentially shaken off to the point i can see what i can control and what i can not .
i think the answer for this longing is explained very well in alice miller 's book the drama of the gifted child '' .
do you want to read it yourself or would you like me to give you a summary in how the book helps us deal with this ?
do you want to get back together and for how long ?
maybe have long talk and see if each of your long term goals involve each other if they do n't maybe just move on .
so happy we finland finally beat the dutch by a fair margin !
i would n't mess with anyone who has a my partner does n't need to know '' attitude .
sucks about the friendship between your wife and the woman .
maybe it 's salvageable and y'all just stop playing with them .
this is a reminder that we also have a discord server and a matrix space where you can share your projects ask for help or just have a nice chat level up and unlock server perks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/developersindia if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
post like these confuse me buy and rock whatever you love my guy even if they are bricks or hyped up shoes wear with confidence
it 's not a typo but the lines are falsely aligned in the table .
the 1167 should be placed one line below a.k.a same row as leaves house bartels ... .
and same is 1180 should be placed 2 lines below enrolls at school .
ooooo it seems like somebody is hurt by the ratings given for her boobs on rate my boobs
remember silent knowledge comes when you move your assemblage point to the end of the j curve .
in the books it 's mostly referred to as seeing '' but there are levels of seeing .
the flow of knowledge '' springs from silence '' .
sk has a topic '' and a presentation mode '' .
the caretaker is the being that dwells at the level of the flow of the earth 's awareness slightly above or below the dirt surface .
maybe ley lines '' are somewhat based on that flow ?
silent knowledge entities '' ske do n't really exist they are simply presentation methods '' for silent knowledge .
it 's just very advanced to be able to do it on demand .
i 'm sure it happens once in a while even to random people .
meaning someone else back then brought him into being .
maybe even a pre-human ancestor or one of the offshoots '' that went extinct because our reasoning ability overwhelmed them .
ironic that we might be the ones who wiped out that ancient seer '' population .
the new seers '' came into being when other natives around the old seers '' destroyed their living area .
the old seers '' fled through others maybe some in the mayans and definitely into the toltecs but again other indians wiped them out .
the new seers and the lineages were the result .
but the ironic part is the new seers are the ancestors of whoever wiped out the caretaker 's creators !
in case we have any woke '' people in here .
next time i get to interact with god i 'll have to remember to ask him how long he 's been available to humans .
maybe the caretaker has existed as long as god '' !
i guarantee it 's going to blow away the bible for age !
the other post you saw was probably referring to emilito .
it feels weird to have a general model that can underestimate a team with a top tier all-time great that badly though .
that 's pretty much the golden rule of predicting the nba it 's a superstar driven league and the top 15 players of all time have won an overwhelming majority of the championships .
if your team has one you 're never really that far off from building a contender even if the rest of the team is n't in good shape one particular year .
we can talk about uncertainty with injury recovery and young players developing or with curry being older but it 's not really that unlikely for things to still work out in that scenario .
any time a team has one of the greatest players ever that model should at least be putting his team in the ballpark even if the rest of the team has question marks .
this was me but add some unresolved trauma and a personality disorder with a dash of an addictive personality/substances to the mix .
i had great childhood friends my family and new friends i made along the way from rehabs and psych wards as my support to nudge me here and there .
mostly bad but also a few really great therapists .
one of them gave me a metaphor to think about in the dark knight rises when batman was trapped in the prison he only escaped when he had to back up no plan b .
it was do or die so that 's how he got out .
he also said start fixing things in your life little by little you know what you have to and to be so angry you 'll do something about .
i lost both of my dogs in the span of a week .
what really broke me were the regrets i had about not taking care of them better .
i have made slow but major changes in my life until one day it all clicked .
my life is not perfect in any means but i actually look forward to waking up in the morning .
i do n't dread trying to figure out how i 'm going to kill time .
i do n't wan na get high or binge drink .
that 's my advice build your tribe be angry start fixing things do n't bother with a plan b and be consistent .
some people will never get it but if you really want it all the little changes will compound and it will eventually click .
it took me 10 years so do n't beat yourself too much as well .
maybe she told him to remove it maybe she didnt approve her name being used
might want to take advantage of rain 's ability to weaken the effectiveness of fire based attacks .
consider using ferrothorn to setup entry hazards or force a switch out with leech seed .
ferrothorn reduces the amount of ice super effective on your team .
also i would n't really consider pelipper your physical wall since most ou physical sweepers would out speed it and 1 shot it with something like stone edge .
assault vest melmetal would also work wonders as an extra physical sweeper .
sure its abilities ca n't take advantage of rain but your team is also quite vulnerable to rocks .
alone in a room for years only able to have apathy
a few random songs idk if they all fall under emo
died in the prison of the holy office the world is a beautiful place and i am not afraid to die
dillon and her son the world is a beautiful place and i am not afraid to die
marine tigers the world is a beautiful place and i am not afraid to die
my friends are my power spoiler alert guitar fight from fooly cooly
please do n't tell my father that i used his 1996 honda accord to destroy the town of willow grove pennsylvania in 2002 pet symmetry
a detailed and poetic physical threat to the person who intentionally vandalized my 1994 dodge intrepid behind kate 's apartment pet symmetry
your post was removed because you did n't use an approved url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fellowkids if you have any questions or concerns .
seconding this sanderson does a fantastic job of writing characters with mental health issues like depression .
i look to this series when i 'm struggling mentally .
however your submission has been removed because your account does not have a verified email .
this is a new measure we are trying out to deter trolls and spammers and make the sub safer for everyone .
you can verify your email address on the reddit preferences page https www.reddit.com/prefs/update .
if you have any issues with verification please contact reddit support at r/help .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
why is it necessary for the app to collect your financial info ?
do you need to buy in app features or something ?
the others the ais/gods/goddesses/the dream self go to the heaven or hell that they 've worked towards .
it 's funny how people are calling me a child .
but they are the ones who do n't know how to raise a kid .
my scenario ... kid rips this month allowance and will only get his allowance next month .
yours and other idiots scenario ... kid never gets allowance again .
in 2 weeks kid wants to go out with friends .
in my scenario kid has money to go out .
in yours you either give them money or does n't allow him to go out .
in two months when kid wants a new game .
in your you either buy yourself or does n't give the game to the kid .
in your you either buy the shows or the kid does n't get the shoes it wants .
in my scenario kid has learned the value of money and has learned that ripping money will only impact himself .
in yours you either gives the kid everything or punishes it for the rest of the kids life .
in either case the kid has learned nothing about money ... and also in the later it will hate you for the rest of its life .
i go to restaurants and say i 'm allergic to pepper as the standard meal prep seem to be to adding pepper to everything !
love is a great time in the morning and will not be obtained from sources deemed reliable
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
if you want to help keep these bots running please consider donating via patreon or stripe https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/donations !
the wef is a cabal of rich white cisgendered male capitalists made up of liberals and conservatives .
capitalism is the disease killing our planet and all our societal and class struggles are the symptoms
if it 's only better than 7 then i do n't care much .
second the slx it 's a pretty good reel .
if you really wanted to treat yourself you could get the slx dc .
idk i have shot countless shots at 1/60 that are crystal clear when i 'm trying to be still i pull my elbows into my ribs for support and make sure to squeeze the shutter not pull it .
funny enough in the old cannon sure shot max manual they have a page that explains how to hold the camera for stability like this .
always fun to find quirks like that old manuals see it a lot in old audio gear .
i mean specifically the party in power for the last 12 years have opposed human rights regulations and continue to take steps to shake themselves free of them .
of course the likes of blair from labour in my opinion should be tried for war crimes as well and no doubt others in labours history .
i just meant the specific march towards shaking the oversight and obligations of the ehrc that the current government has made a painfully obvious priority for the last decade
yes i know this but when you have 2 differnet goal explosions ie .
orange team crimson poly pop and the blue team t rex eplosion unpainted .
if on the blue team and you get demoed right before you score t rex becomes crimson or the color of your other selected explosion .
let him win this one he 's waited a long time and you can handle it .
he was not murder in lebron school 🤡it was outside the school area
when it comes to sex a lot of men just finish and assume shows over nothing to see here . ''
i think if we did the math guys are having more orgasms during sex between straight couples .
source am a guy learned not to be so selfish by learning how to give hand jobs and giving oral sex .
you are n't going to get a serious discussion here among libs even the disaffected contrarian ones on the wrong side of elite overproduction still hold to the script written for them .
also you should n't worry about a 'traditional ' collapse of empire and requisite 'dark age . '
technology is too advanced the world is too interconnected .
you should be far more worried what new technocapital hellscape they have planned for us .
it is intriguing how everyone flops back and forth between principle and letter as it suits them .
correct the first amendment is written specifically about the government .
the philosophical underpinning of that amendment can still apply in other contexts however .
outside of a starter tractor that the game gives you i do n't think i have ever owned something from the small tractor '' category across all of the iterations of farm sim that i have played .
for those that like playing european style with 3 meter equipment they probably work great but for those of us in the us they are pointless .
men tror du at de fremmødte ved folkemødet er særligt repræsentativt for den almene dansker ?
min opfattelse og det er jeg godt klar over er rent subjektivt er bare at extinction rebellion har det med at skubbe hr .
og fru danmark fra sig når de laver den her slags aktioner .
de bliver opfattet som hysteriske forkælede og som antidemokrater .
det er i hvert fald sådan at flere politikere forsøger at instrumentalisere det .
i have have some underwear you can have brus ?
pretty stupid idea to give the kid you 're trying to hide the same exact last name as the guy you 're trying to hide him from .
i dunno they may help you sleep but there is a positive to being more alert in the woods .
not that you have much to worry about but a certain sense of heightened awareness/fear is normal .
eventually you will accumulate enough nights hearing the same cracks/sounds that they wo n't scare you anymore and you 'll sleep better .
the first night i went out i did n't sleep a wink either and now i sleep as well in a tent as i do anywhere else .
when i left you i was but the dental assistant now i am the dentist .
lrz 's problem is that it 's very hard for a wing to play well when the rest of the team is n't establishing some dominance .
isiekwe i 'm not sure about as he has seemed very good like an experienced pro well beyond his years imo maybe greater things were expected of him that i was n't aware of ?
any names in particular that are interesting worth sharing ?
if you do n't want to all good just thought i 'd ask
aurelia at peak mine in cobar are looking for workers .
be prepared for long hours dirty hot no mobile phone etc .
it 's rewarding if you hook in and actually work .
if you get in do n't rush out and buy a flash new ute..save a few
for the new top gun movie the us navy billed the movie studio 11k per flight hour .
that was only the cost for fuel and maintenance i think as the other costs were filed as training ''
i never claimed that they are and i am far from unemployed .
i asked if it 's a good thing that employees have little democratic influence .
in my opinion the bigger and more influential a company is there more important it is that whistleblowers and internal opinions are respected and listened to .
if spacex wants to bring mankind to mars it is not a good thing that they are being branded as a republican company because of their ceo .
the points that were brought up in the open letter were valid and well written .
when i get around to it i 'll probably send you a simple sketch first so i can try get it as close to what you 're imagining 👍
that 's what i always wonder too whenever i see them scraping and shaving their hooves really deep .
search for it it 's hidden in that chapter !
edit page 2 the panel over bounty of law kid and luffy
i did n't received an email that notify me regarding the payment too .
but i was able to generate a receipt from the website right after the payment tho .
how did you get them all to stand together ?
i really wish i could get all the companions in a group photo posing .
tesla has already demonstrated lower total cost of ownership in the consumer market
first of all i 'm not sure that is entirely true cars like the kona or corsa-e are almost as efficient as the model 3 but cost way less .
more importantly the consumer market has a completely different cost structure than the trucking market .
limiting downtime is going to be crucial in the trucking segment and that is one area tesla does n't have the greatest track record .
none of the competitor 's trucks come close to semi specs and tesla always exceeds specs on their launched products .
we 'll see when tesla actually has a product for sale .
right now their competitors have the best specs on the market .
and just like that it became obvious that conservatives had always supported rev .
martin luther king jr and it was only the slanderous liberal media who would ever suggest otherwise .
it 's been awhile so the details are a bit fuzzy but if i recall correctly i want to say the actual tapering process my doctor had me go through lasted about two months but i did n't actually start to feel normal for a good three months after my last dose of benzos .
part of why it was so difficult was my doctor was tapering me from what she thought was 6mg but in reality i was taking an average of 10mg a day so while i 'm sure the tapering helped me to ease into that transition it was anything but smooth ya know ?
in your case i would definitely recommend going slow with it though .
if you 're anything like me and really struggle to take them like you 're supposed too i would recommend having a trusted friend/family member hold onto them and dish them out to you as needed just to help you stick with the tapering process .
also be patient and kind to yourself benzo withdrawal can totally fuck your mental health in ways i never thought possible so take care of yourself .
be aware of your body and look for signs of seizing cause that 's a very real possibility when coming off a big benzo habit .
i wo n't lie it 's going to be hard but there is a light at the end of the tunnel and things will get better for you it 's just gon na take time .
wishing you the best in your taper my dear .
i think your focus is too much on managing other people .
let me put forward an alternative definition to the two you propose which i think captures fairly accurately the group people are identifying with 'pmc ' .
a person is a member of the professional-managerial class if they are both
able to steer the work an organization does part of management
lacking a personal stake in that organization not an owner
management here means the ability to choose what things an organization works on .
journalists and academics might not manage other people but they have a lot of freedom to self-manage and choose which areas get their attention .
the following parts of that wikipedia article point towards this definition
by controlling production processes through occupying a superior management position ...
with occupations thought to offer influence on society that would otherwise be available only to capital owners
i think this definition more clearly gets at why people use the term and picks out a specific and useful group for discussion .
it is a class with lots of influence but little accountability for using that influence poorly or on self-serving goals .
25 lb bag of brown rice and a rice cooker
5 lb bags of black pinto kidney beans lentils and chick peas and an instanpot
you 're 90 of the way there and just need to add greens vegetables and fresh fruit .
if not the point of these things could be to help identify alternate routes for public services .
it has beeen removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/apprehensive_fee1275/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
pleast note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mademesmile if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah it was a real challenge for me too especially with family obligations crazy work schedule and my own hobbies plus adhd just throwing my own work ethic out the window some days .
i had to put my foot down and advocate for myself though and it pays back !
shouts through door have a good day yourself too !
stop talking u know nothing about talent and good music
no thanks i can get most of the positives of that without getting the negatives .
you knew what they say about karma and i 'm sure you 'll get yours if you keep this up .
i 've been collecting dvds since 1999 blu-rays since 2007 and i think i 've seen it less than 10 times in those years .
there are some circumstances that can cause rot like storing them in very humid surroundings .
i 've read that some early dvd releases from wb are prone to failure because of production errors you should be able to find more info on blu-ray.com 's forums a person is tracking it .
but dvd is in general a very solid format and it is very rare that you run into disc rot .
the name on the contract does say mcmahon paul er stephanie mcmahon ! !
is there anything that you used to enjoy doing or something that you do that numbs your thoughts even in the slightest ?
at what point in your day can you say that you were n't paying attention to your head and were focused only in the moment even if it was for a brief moment ?
whatever you can find that eases the thoughts i recommend delving further into if possible .
distractions are everything and i know there are probably times where it feels impossible to focus or you may perhaps have zero want to do anything .
i have found for myself that doing something anyways wether that be making myself go for a walk groom my beard read an article try on some old clothes in my closet anything .
just something to make myself focus on other than my head i 'll put a show or a song on in the background to help drown out my brain anything to keep the silence away so i ca n't get stuck in my head .
find the things in life that allow you to ignore your head even if for only two seconds and from there you can slowly progress .
i wish you the best i hope your new medication works out for you .
my messages are always open if you ever need to talk .
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
where is there even one 24 hour deli in london ?
sees a joke thread and decides to be a dick about it
when he 's trying to remember how to search for a viral video and he squints and looks at them intently .
he 's trying so hard to convey that he 's attempting to remember something he has no knowledge of .
no offense op but i hope you read this .
as soon as i read that they love to debate about something as serious as gambling with somebody else 's life i was like k i 'm out .
glad this just a fun extracurricular activity for some !
if you idiots quit chasing and pumping 100 tickers this would be a lot easier .
i wo n't be able to find a clip now because of the new movie but i remember an episode of rescue rangers where they mentioned they do n't wear pants .
partly because all marriage there is based on religions so you ca n't have interfaith marriages either .
i just simply lay down close my eyes and let the game play out in my head .
i have my own patches heroes and abilities but unfortunately i 'm currently on a 9 losing streak .
dxvk will also fix performance issues with a ton of games that have poor draw batching .
sekiro runs about 20 faster on windows for me running it like that it 's almost like magic ... once you compile shaders anyway .
i am saving this on my note for my next sober video thank you so much
yes he 's right it would fit perfectly into the lore
he 's so cute and so pure i think i 'm going to combust
he could go up but will definitely drop way below 112k
when we lived in an adobe with no central ac in tucson it got hot .
we put the cats their litter box food and water in there during the day .
the window opening was all stuffed with styrofoam insulation around the unit .
even so if seldom got below eighty in there .
that made it ten degrees or more cooler than the rest of the house though .
our biggest cat tended to be upset the two smaller ones were fine .
when i lived in a humid area my cats actually liked to get in cold water .
the rule of two was created to prevent groups of weak sith from ganging up on a single strong sith and taking him out thereby weakening the sith order .
after the rule of two was implemented sith kept killing each other that was part of their founding doctrine it just simplified it to a 1v1 challenge to ensure only the most worthy prevailed .
ironically that spino was accurate to what the archeologists had by that time or at least thats what i 've heard obviously the mostly underwater super crocodile would n't even be bipedal never mind eat a t-rex
your submission has been removed because the linked video is under 15 seconds long .
short videos must be submitted in text posts which you can do by pasting the video link into a text post body .
please note that text posts require at least 100 characters .
you can find more information on this rule here r/valorant/wiki/rules wiki_no_vague.2c_contextless.2c_memetic.2c_or_inaccurate_titles .
if you believe it is a mistake please message the mods https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fvalorant .
the eternal zero eien no zero 2013 is by far the best
i have a collection of 8-10 storage for vehicles i mean hey use it up especially if it 's free if it gets blown you call in twenty more
sabo is well and alive he uses fire thus he is the natural enemy of ryokugyu .
james yaeger was n't a contractor per se he was some asshole cop that went overseas and the second they saw combat he hit in a ditch .
same but i said wait until after restock price would be under retail did n't realize they 're already under
no i was never going to go to the er for cough syrup .
so i still paid urgent care rates received less than acceptable care and was overexposed to radiation .
opt out https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wikimobilelinkbot message=optout subject=optout beep boop .
imagine if elon told you before he sent his tweet about doge ... hit me up next time mr musk
! othinus ! never does miss a chance to tease her understander does she ?
i wanted to put more enemies like leapers and psychic horfs but 6 options only !
btw hardcore maps do not use the kill cam at all .
it is an acquired taste but if you enjoy hardcore mode it is a huge bonus that you do n't have to ever deal with the kill cam
the point of all this is i was doing the definition of paving my own way and proposing real value and going above and beyond and helping encourage and teach my peers along the way .
and its leaders do value that they really do i 'm sure of that much .
but the details the execution gets lost in the chaos of bureaucracy and scattered apathy .
this is really the root of the issue i think .
in terms of actionable lessons takeaways this is the one thing i wish the organization could improve on .
i left a restaurant in the rocks at 10pm last friday and they were still taking in diners .
i got a facial fetish and love shooting the biggest loads that i can .
dig them up preserving as much of a root ball as is feasible and put them in a container ... a pot a plastic storage tote a burlap bag whatever you can get your hands on a garbage bag around the dirt will do .
it does n't need to be perfect it 's temporary .
keep everything out of the sun and keep them moist and cool .
put them back when the work is finished hopefully no more than three days .
it 's a bug where there is infinite amount of sentinel it 's because of a quest called .
for portable i mostly run my ifi xcan it 's a monster and still small about like a deck of cards and 1000mw on balanced port plus you get x bass and x space i can run both my lcd and gl2000 planars with that thing if you look on adorama they got open box ones for 109 it 's a complete steal at that price to performance ratio so this tea thing is a really hard sell for me having no balanced port and no bt by the looks of it
9.7 on 10.5 puts it right behind the muzzle shoulder
dont bitch albo do something ... its in your job title .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/r4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/r4r is not a discussion forum except for metas .
here 's a convenient link for mobile users pm u/carrotbukkakedab .
for more information see just pm them they know .
this action does not hide this post or affect its visibility or ranking in any way it is simply to prevent comments which are not appropriate .
if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
ops who wish to enable comments and accept low-effort responses may do so by adding ! unlock to the body of their submissions .
ops who abuse the unlock system will lose the ability to unlock their posts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
what are you 5 oooooo i 'm scared idrc if you report me maybe you should stop trying to be funny bc your really bad at it i agree maybe just delete your account save us all the trouble
a lot of these folx have no idea how lucky they are .
i think everyone should download and play flight sim for atleast a little while .
worth it just to see what video games are capable of now .
it 's a really cool thing to mess around in it has literally the entire world in it it 's nuts .
do n't recommend keeping it forever though because it 's like 100 gigs
i 've got my copy of the martyr pre-ordered through vin-digital ca n't wait for it to ship
i would do it too but i took soooo long 2 seconds editing this one 😔😔😔
42 which is not bad since i am on page 5 of the bp and the season ends in september .
hi jammescoll please remember that r/manhands is a safe for work subreddit so explicit content is not allowed .
remember to tag your submission as nsfw if you show more than your hand or you will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/manhands if you have any questions or concerns .
you got ta be really desperate to rely on flopping every play
for me my initial cert is expired so no way around it .
it would also open up more opportunities in general .
between saying they 'll 'kill toronto ' and vaj getting pulled so quickly i think he 's being a bit too active step back be like bob young
no i 'm not dumb enough to be a g mer .
when reporting a repost please use the other field and include a link to the original post .
aita for slapping my party member twice for playing eldritch music in the middle of a small town square while people are trying to sleep ?
he used magic to make himself louder and ended up drawing the attention of some flying cunts and some bigger bois but thankfully we had time to build up the villages defenses .
i had a lesson about her as i was a kid .
i would most definitely try to help who i could while being realistic with my ability .
sure i would love to protect my family and ones i 'm with at that very moment but i would also feel the need to help complete strangers that possess less ability in that very situation .
after the threat has been neutralized i would stay away from the casualties while communicating with whoever is near .
unfortunately people make mistakes and it seems like the guy mentioned above made a grave one .
i thought front left too immediately after the farrier but my trainer is saying her entire hind end looks way off
i ordered a few used books off of amazon and had to pay separate shipping and handling costs on all of them .
they are already going to sell each bottle for 4 .
watering plants before you get sprinklers is the worst thing ever but i know i got ta do it to have my cute little blueberries
broken door testing create ads and websites that look real and ask for purchase but do n't work or lead to signup forms .
you should share them anyway you ca n't have an mvp without customer feedback and evidence you can monetize .
if you ca n't hold up a sharpie drawing on a zoom call to your ideal customer and get them to give you a deposit to hold their place in line .
i think narcissists could come here to told they 're not one without considering the alternative .
i am canadian and still seeing the regular amounts of 10 and 4 for tests and 30 60 90 for interviews .
i 've been a member for 2 years or so and have a 5 star rating .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
nothing happy about sending out business e-mails but here we are .
he 's 22 if you 're that young and failing a fitness test you have zero excuse .
i do the same thing but hate that almost every online purchase pushes the balance more into corporate hands .
alpharius is the god-emperor of being exonerated on a technicality .
he might not have wanted to be emperor himself but that does n't mean he did n't want the emperor dead or overthrown somehow .
i do n't doubt he would 've killed dorn if he could 've and any reason would 've been good enough .
alpharius claims to know what the emperor 's designs really were and is n't it convenient nobody can prove him wrong ?
ca n't wait to see them get eliminated next year idgaf who does it .
i think we are talking about a flat in bangalore which is in india .
would clearing the plug '' with a giant drain snake be an option ?
it would auger in and let you break up or even pull out the plug before going after the lift pipe/rod .
i think reddit can be a bit hard on kobe sometimes but rarely do you ever see kobe lower than 10th or so .
sorry chief but that sounds like barely a sniffle .
average normal body temp is around 98 99 f or 37-37.2 c. unless your core body temp is usually significantly lower than that walk it off .
take a couple of aspirin paracetamol or whatever and quit whinging .
i think it 's easy to blame the brother but i think it was someone else
supposedly someone on facebook said she also had a boyfriend people and her family did n't know about
also on facebook another person commented she 's been seen in la
omg she should not be considered to be in control of her life she is a gray sea urchin and any other suggestion is downright ableist and discriminatory .
cause you can tell it 's a green drop which is n't bad but is n't good either blue and purple drops are more golden looking
you can now join our wholesome discord community server over here .
https discord.gg/qqp7wkx if you just feel like talking want a place to hang out or if you want a more in depth discussion d
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freecompliments if you have any questions or concerns .
pliers to pull out the key superglue to connect it back all good probably better to get the key copied instead but that 'll be an issue for future you when the superglue gives up
if it were n't for three pointers you chumps would never make it out of the regular season .
i know it 's a copy and paste of 2006 but i personally really want drew to get in the mitb match and win it hopefully they fix that decision from the double dq from last week with sheamus .
i think a rvd style cash in for a match at his ppv with drew in the uk would be really cool and would make that big stadium show in wales absolutely amazing .
i know he 's not everyone 's favorite and he has n't been booked perfectly this year but i 'd really like to see mcyntire get his due in front of fans this time .
we are saved by faith alone but if we have faith it will be seen through our works we will want to imitate jesus through our works .
the works though do n't save us only faith in jesus saves .
all with a holier than thou pious little attitude gosh she really is just like my sister 3
and calling/treating their baby as hers or completely ignoring their boundaries with their kids ex .
i gave the baby a little soda he 'll be fine ! ''
i sat down to write and my hand decided to go with a k and it made me giggle .
maybe it 's his cabinet choices or his statements about rice or gas or the economy .
sa totoo lang mas nakakabanas si imee kesa kay bbm .
parang siya talaga yung gusto maging presidente pero alam niyang never siyang mananalo so projection na lang unto bbm .
from hirit kay karen davila to saying the most important thing to them is to restore their family name to her condescending fellow filipinos to where to migrate .
ok lang sana na ganyan behavior niya kung vlogger siya .
eh hindi senator siya a public servant in public service .
kung marami mang kumutya sa kapatid niya nung kampanya it 's up to her to be the better bigger person since siya ang nasa position compared sa ordinary citizens .
for me a depressive episode does n't come with sadness but with an overwhelming fatigue .
sadness is an emotion which can be present in people with depression but it is not necessary for diagnosis
i got one of her calendars a couple years back .
any post corrections missed redactions or other comments concerning this post may be made in the current monthly discussion post .
why do we pretend we can predict anything anymore ?
the shit show of the world we are currently living in has given us a new weird curveball constantly for 2 years .
yeah i do see a lot of people skimming i can see why some people do n't like this album but for me i really enjoyed it
they probably use it as collateral for a secured loan under an llc .
then enjoy the tax-free cash and when the property goes to zero walk away and let whatever dumb 401k account got stuck with the loan worry about their loss .
i remember that one it 's why some places started forgiving the age group of not getting it
tell them to brung you nutella cookies when they come to see you .
we require a minimum account age of 15 days and combined karma of 15 in order to participate in this subreddit .
in the meantime please familiarize yourself with the subreddit rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebwivesofnashville if you have any questions or concerns .
nah this is an indication of what 's to come .
well at least they 've confirmed it 'll available somewhere else later ...
you can represent yourself in court maybe she thought she could represent herself as her own therapist 🤔
you have until 06/18 01:11 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20220618t051158 .
it 's 4th and 6 on the delaware 43 .
u/thebattlersprince reply with punt or go for it with run or pass and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' vcxx3j ''
out of this world tv show from the 80s ?
you are making an assumption that she lost them and she broke them when anyone in that house could have taken them without knowing they were yours and lost them and broke them .
heck her cousin could have stolen them and broke them and the only crime she is guilty of is lying to protect her cousin .
have you seen the airpods since you found out they were run over ?
frankly and realistically unless you bring her to court you are losing out on the money .
also why were n't you consistently asking her to look for them .
you asked 2 or 3 times before you were told they were broken and that was months in between the time they went missing to you being told they were found .
if it was me i would be asking everyday or going to her house to look for them .
i would n't have left her house until i found them after noticing that they were missing .
sounds like you did n't care about the airpods all that much .
not something that you could just suck it up and compromise on .
but also something that many if not most indian people will expect form a woman marrying into your family .
you will be expected to keep your past and your sexuality hidden or tucked away because they are big taboos .
i would encourage having a heart to heart conversation with him and openly telling him how these are huge changes you will have to make in your life .
i am indian and even growing up with those cultural expectations i ca n't imagine living with my in-laws especially if i have to change many things about myself and minimize myself around them .
given your plans for your life and career is this something you can truly do ?
i truly admire your patience and willingness to even think about it .
you are a better person than i will ever be .
i would want to do anything for the person i love but putting away important parts of myself would be very hard to do .
hope you and your fiancé are able to find an acceptable middle ground !
oh for gods sake you guys are blowing up about the whole sibling thing again nice
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and spam from new accounts makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically temporarily removed .
please head over to r/techsupport r/asktechnology or other tech-centric subreddits listed on the sidebar .
you may still contribute and earn some karma by commenting on other existing posts in r/technology instead .
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
tech support questions/opinions/suggestion requests surveys blogs and videos will not be approved .
if this is a legitimate submission that is not covered in the previously listed criteria please message the moderators to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
you need to sell everything you own or put a loan on anything you can sell and buy as many bitcoin as you can .
somewhere the man must 've indicated he was female thus prompting the question .
they ask all the question each visit in case something changes
and an n/a would just be useless since the yes '' to being pregnant prompts them to run an additional test to make sure the blood recipient does n't get trali transfusion-related acute lung injury
the dog humps me when you 're not around '' like wtf ? ?
more importantly why would a parent let their baby wear that ?
not even religious myself but this song has such a strong atmosphere .
do n't get how it 's considered a filler song by people tbh it really sets the mood for a lot of songs on the album
very very best for your recovery we 're on similar timelines !
i 'm so sorry people are being such dicks .
you need one more for it to be a slam
yes they share many of the same qualities but dina is a more feminist and loving person and she genuinely cares about those she works with towards the end .
to answer your question the beneficiary of the property in the will has ownership this does not automatically default to a relative in a way that gives them rights to dictate things .
if someone lives in a property full stop and refuses to leave then a legal process needs to be followed .
this can take a bit of time and money and can also affect sale of the property if it is occupied .
the best thing to do is to google evicting tenants or relatives from a property as that will bring up relevant searches .
that way if the current occupier is not a beneficiary in the will you know your options .
if she is not a beneficiary then something like an informal chat to say you 'd like to put the property on the market so would need her to vacate by x date might be enough but you should seek legal advice on best approach .
if she is a beneficiary of money from the house that could obviously be incentive but of course if she is the main beneficiary then it 's up to her .
i like the idea of you in my ass tessa violet
i know this will seem silly since we 're in a sub about the show ... but the show is not as big to the majority of sports fans as we think it is guys lol .
mike was just somewhat tongue in cheek echoing the national sports media pundits making that take .
the way this fanbase jumps on everything he says makes me think it 's majority high schoolers
exactly it 's the institutions who dictate the price it seems they 're exiting
red is so good on genji so oni feels like an easy first pick but baihu has a lot of flavor with the white tiger ult and ominous presence of the spiritic fog .
i can link to you many court cases where someone thought a push or punch resulted in them being allowe to use lethal force that is n't the case at all and you 're speaking complete rubbish .
one too many shots and i 'm breaking my neck
james|n o.|20|hello if you recieved this oc from me .
its probably for a collab or a redesign thank you for reading ! james|orange donut|uk|funny|comissioned officer|107|7|54|6|6|6|126|0|1|0|1|1|330|225|1|0|0|14|14|11|11|50|50|209|0|134|116|111|17|229|0|0|0|8|28|41|41|28|28|0|0|7|7|33|112|0|0|11|11|0|69|62|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|1|1|0|1|2|1|6|0|11|11|3|1|1|11|3|1|1|27|1|1|1|4|0|0|6|1|0|1|0|1|1|1|1|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|12|12|0|0|0|12|12|0|0|-3|7|17|-6|0|-3|7|17|6|0|0|11|19|0|0|-2|20|16|36|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|-16|20|12|12|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|-20|2|12|12|24|0|0|1|1|0|11|35|18|11|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|5|2|1|1|1|1|0|0|1|1|1|1|0|1|1|0|0|1|1|0|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|0|0|1|1|0|1|0|0|6|1|1|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|1|1|1|0|0|0|-6|8|0|0|0|0|0|ffe2d4|cb8989|562d25|3a1f17|8a624f|562d25|3a1f17|8a624f|562d25|3a1f17|562d25|562d25|3a1f17|8a624f|562d25|3a1f17|8a624f|b15482|513121|24214d|020025|020202|24214d|020025|020202|020202|3a1f17|020202|3a1f17|562d25|3a1f17|562d25|3a1f17|02d00a|9dff95|02d00a|e28740|803723|bbd4ff|ffffff|d4d4d4|ffbb7b|cb8989|cb8989|cb8989|d94a05|8589ff|cb8989|020202|ff93bc|cb8989|ffffff|3a1f17|27170f|e28740|e28740|803723|3a82ff|ebe0ff|020202|8aaeff|0256c9|020202|8aaeff|e0e1ff|020202|8aceff|ffffff|d4d4d4|8a624f|3a1f17|27170f|803723|aaa7cb|020202|eee9ff|aaa7cb|020202|eee9ff|3a1f17|27170f|7b0000|3a1f17|27170f|7b0000|562d25|3a1f17|ffe2d4|562d25|3a1f17|ffe2d4|020202|191919|333333|3a1f17|27170f|27170f|ffffff|020202|aaa7cb|ffffff|020202|aaa7cb|020202|191919|803723|020202|191919|803723|ffffff|020202|3a82ff|ffffff|020202|3a82ff|020202|803723|e28740|ffffff|d4d4d4|46291b|303146|232535|664430|ffffff|020202|a487ff|ffffff|020202|a487ff|ff3f3f|020202|ffc2c2|333333|332621|585858|ff3f3f|020202|ffffff|ff3f3f|020202|191919|ffffff|d4d4d4|ffffff|ffffff|d4d4d4|ffffff|ffffff|d4d4d4|ececec|ffffff|d4d4d4|ececec|020202|020202|020202|ffffff|020202|ffffff|020202|020202|020202|020202|020202|020202
i said my opinion is n't based on any smart analysis .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
plenty of times the original creators of something are n't fans of new adaptations and that 's okay .
neil gaiman did n't like bryan fullers vision for american gods which is why it went off the rails after the first season .
i 'm just trying to see where the hee pronunciation would come from haha
all the heads on that zone or just those two ?
posting to this subreddit means you are agreeing that everyone involved with this rp including characters will be 18 .
you are also agreeing to have read and understood the rules and will have no excuse for rule breaking .
just a reminder you can always find our list of rules by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/dirtykikroleplay/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtykikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
its crazy seeing him now on his youtube channel he looks so much healthier but the way he talks sounds painful to me like he has to fight to get his words out .
do you know if thats from the drugs he did ?
5 days since i went to the gym cause i broke my routine 😔😔😔
basically getting pavlov 'd to do chores for sex .
there is a chance to get one of those from the breeding island but it is extremely low like .1 .
there are also a couple of factors that help determine if is worth it '' to try .
do you have the permanent 12 hour speed up some players have ?
this is a test the game devs are running .
most accounts created in the last 6 months have this some have had it removed some still have it .
basically it allows you to speed up to 12 hours in a breed or hatch timer by watching a video ad .
are you an android user and can farm thousands of gems through in game tasks ?
players on android devices are often offered tasks to play other games and be rewarded with many gems .
that will completely change your perspective on what gems are worth .
your region of location might change this option even if you use android .
i know as a newer player some of that might be confusing but please ask if there is any more help i or we can give you !
most current apps work just fine except for creative cloud .
sorry at the moment we not accepting any more we already had too many responses .
i can put you on a waitlist if you wan na wait .
wala ba masyado magjowa dun or pwede magbasa ng book or something ?
it 's not about their looks it 's about the pressure to look a certain way ... and a million other things that are gendered .
all of which makes the gendered social contracts different ... . and that 's why people try to renegotiate their gendered social contracts by switching gender .
women '' are traditionally treated one way men another ... and now trans people another gays another black people another .
it 's all part of the social contract an individual is born into .
but not it 's not reducible to looks that 's just one small part of it .
the rich do not receive more from the public pruse than they pay into it on average .
please consider filling in this survey about dick size here https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsfuucgqxovj2hoxggzm0q_qex0wkq9nojoa37bt_sfqaj3_0q/viewform ? usp=sf_link
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cockcompare if you have any questions or concerns .
i was thinking a red flag indicating their social media person needs some therapy .
selection of product is just as important if not more so than price .
if you have a lot of stuff to offer in a category not scattergun you will find it much easier to convert people .
si tu ciudad no maneja buenas tarifas ve considerando poner paneles solares sera la mejor inversión que puedes hacer a ese precio de kwh se van a pagar en mucho menos de el promedio de 7 a 9 años
these guys are so quick to pull the it 's just business '' card when fans get upset cuz they left or asked for a trade or whatever .
but then it happens to them and it 's a slap in the face '' we opened our home for you '' blah blah blah .
i know i 'm ruining the meme but still i would like to point out the people who have beaten a titan
tinella nosa principal bump that old lady from that body swap episode hooty bosha and hunter have all beaten a titan .
heck hunter beat a titan twice so that makes him twice the godslayer everyone else i just mentioned is .
eda 's also beaten a titan like a hundred times but i do n't think bets count .
i 'll keep that in mind if someone 's unconscious just bang his head on the concrete
i feel like 20 of the people who want runar and yshtola to be a romantic pairing just like it and 80 want it to spite people who want yshtola to be their booba catgirl dommy mommy waifu
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
be aware i have dealt with bankruptcy auctions and a lot of the times if a company goes bankrupt their employees will raid the inventory/office and steal/take whatever they want since they know they are n't getting that last paycheck and the company does n't have the money or ability to go after you .
most likely a lot of the good stuff is already gone/taken and what is leftover could really just be damaged/defective parts .
large items are typically safe because employees are n't going to be rolling a huge table out the door trying to shove that into their toyota camry .
i remember an investment firm in socal that was going out of business and the boss straight up asked my father to come to his office because he needed to talk .
when we were there he whispered to us take whatever you want we are going bankrupt and take these statues too for me i will pick them up in a month .
we took like 7 computer towers a bunch of monitors and the statues and just shoved it all in my dad 's car .
the next days the debt collectors raided the place and seized everything remaining for liquidation to cover debts .
alcohol suppresses the hormone in your body that tells your kidneys to reabsorb water .
so technically the phrase if you 're pissin ' clear you 're pissin ' beer is wrong .
so everytime i will let rip next to him people will think he had cabbage and picked eggs for lunch .
most of the s8 's episodes toy with us and plus the lack of use for the young 6 sucks since they 're supposed to be important characters as school daze implied .
but nope shunned as background charatcers in most episodes of the series .
as a writer myself if you 're going to put important characters into your story actually fucking use them. .
its sad if new characters and potentially awesome characters get introduced so late into the show .
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotmoms if you have any questions or concerns .
uncle jiraiya it 's stuff that jonins do we 'll share the room .
naruto i do n't wan na share the room with you sage cause i will spend the whole night wide awake just like when i was a genin and you tried to share my room .
uncle jiraiya you ever seen wrestlin ' on television ?
naruto i am well aware of what wrestling is it 's just not what uncles do to their nephews !
that 's why i always have my phone muted whenever i browse reddit .
skal selv til at bygge snart men bygger bag eksisterende værksted .
hope you have a good one and stay medicated .
i think it 's best to wear pants in the snow
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
ni ja ne vidim nista specijalno u gradu tamo sam 6 godina sivilo i monotonost .
nisu mi jasni ljudi koji su i dalje euoforicni oko izlazaka na identicna mesta svake godine
my brother and i were kids dad took us to six flags that day so he 's angry and tired afterwords we stopped at giant food mart to get tacos for dinner my brother is pushing the cart and he forcefully bumps my dad from behind and dad falls ontop of the taco seasoning display then tried to yell at us but we are just laughing hysterically .
you have to keep in mind the relative movement of the shuttle/satellite ... not saying for certain that 's what we are seeing but this could easily be explained by thrusters parallax effect .
if its going to be off for an extended period i would honestly put them outside
thats probably the best bet if getting a generator isnt possible
it 's simple it 's not that the tech does n't allow it it 's the shareholders that do n't allow it .
i 'm absolutely floored at the amount of pax that think it 's ok to vape in someone else 's car
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
and i appreciate you realizing you 're out of your depth and walking away .
and there 's only a few weeks left of q2 and nada .
so i still have that anxiety before i worry about the shipment of it .
honestly it 's plausible that it slipped his mind .
i 'm on multiple medications that include spironolactone and taking my spiro instead of one of the very similar looking pills that i 'm on in a bottle the same size right next to it is a specific thing that i have done before .
tbh my first thought was i 'm sure she 's going to comment on it .
your mom sounds like the exact definition of a karen barbara judy nancy judith or a phyllis .
just your typical boomer who only thinks of themselves .
i 'm sure if she ca n't show off and extort her grandchild on facebook then in her mind it 's not worth seeing the child .
i would bet my life your mom has been retired for a while now she does not struggle financially probably has had money inherited from deceased family over her years i 'm sure your mom holds the pants in the relationship and your father agrees with absolutely everything your mom does .
i would also bet that your mom is no stranger to any manager within a 5 mile radius to her home .
people are who they are at your moms age and you just need to accept it and remain distant from such people .
i think it 's a combo of hours played in the game and squad strength the game tries to help the novice and weak squads to balance the game sometimes a good player has a weak squad and hold on to your pants
just played a good player with a weaker squad but had lewa under 2400 forget about real world physics or about your players remembering how to play lololol no point just concede my man
what i would n't do to feel your pussy milking my cock ... you 're gorgeous 😍
watch evangelical crap til it puts out something not mormon enough throw a fit then put on old disney watch it then throw fits about that too then continue throwing fits because they believed in a cult that uses memes to make the people in it fight themselves and beat themselves up and hate themselves so it can control them for the feelings of guilt they have .
same grain pattern as hard maple but grows trunks like big fast cherry .
focus on urself and what u need out of life 99pct of niceties are fake .
i do n't look forward to mine still have n't had good one yet and i 'm
resin printing is affordable and amazing quality am a printer myself .
can easily match gw 's quality and is much cheaper in the long run .
so the long and short of it is a simulacrum that is created is created in the state of the target creature after the spell is successfully cast .
casting it via wish means that the created simulacrum does n't have a 9th level slot and because the caster used their slot already they ca n't cast it today either
this is why if you wan na abuse wish simulacrum do it was a genie warlock .
unlike spell slots a simulacrum can regain mystic arcanum as they are n't spell slots .
this is one thing that makes me want to subscribe but i probably wo n't .
not worth 7 dollars for one episode of the leftovers .
why is my post on this useless ass sub still up bro wtf reddit
what can i say durog sya sa mga pinoy gamers haha .
ung asawa ko ang bait bait pero pag naglalaro na ibang tao haha
nta but you need to set your sights higher if he 's that delusional
watch out getting a nylon belt with these clips if you ever look into them .
they shred the shit out of them unless you 're super meticulous .
i think they should make a short thin kydex or micro fiber idk slip on of sorts to alleviate this .
if someone abused you they are not worthy of you respect .
and that 's why the party absolutely dominates in urban suburban and rural rhode island .
folks like lima keep that overwhelming majority in tact .
sens is a non binary operator they 're not male or female
i mean with that reaction he 's not all that wrong .
fwiw i think those of us that play on older consoles are more easily affected by this .
i have a white xbox one s and even an external ssd does n't help this issue .
a friend playing on a newer series s microsoft naming sucks on the same server as me does n't have the issues week after week .
every time minerva is in town i have the same problem as the op .
it will freeze and i will be stuck in a loop until i load into private and head elsewhere .
it stinks but no it 's not just you .
your text post was removed because it 's shorter than joe rogan .
the bess brains and numbers guys of the subreddit have found that short text posts only clutter the kitchen and do n't contribute to the delicious dishes of pf changs .
the kitchen is flooded with new hires and we need to keep things organized .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thefighterandthekid if you have any questions or concerns .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
because if it 's just jury said this so sentence is that '' we can replace the sentencing process with pre-written chose your own adventure books handed to any literate citizen .
i 'm not overthinking it i 'm just calling you out on your bullshit .
worst part is the goat seems to know this guy and is sussed out
i looked at the photographer 's stories and she was like i 'm so tired from today and had myself back from being like girl
and males tbh they all simp for you and become your friends after one meeting
he grabbed his running mate the only way he knows how .
have you tried victim blaming the child or punishing only them for fighting back ?
how about lying about how they should n't respond because that will just encourage the bully ?
i find the last ones a good one is guaranteed to get the victim permanently injured !
wow is somebody paying them to try to get it scheduled ?
i 'm just speculating here but they attributed a bunch of the false bans to their detection being too sensitive .
i 'm wondering if for whatever reason you ticked a checkbox that makes your account trigger even when they use a much less sensitive detection .
you said in another comment you move a lot of gold on the market board .
maybe you move so much that you popped at a different thresshold than the ones that t hey 're willing to overturn .
resist moving it as much as possible keep it moisturized with aquaphor use silicone scar sheets once the stitches are removed .
rest easy knowing if you are n't satisfied with the appearance of the scar treatments are available such as lasers and micro needling .
these are generally expensive but for a relatively small scar from a mole removal you can expect to pay around 100 for ipl or micro needling per treatment and these treatments will be spaced out ie easy to budget for
i just finished this chapter and it was amazing !
i ca n't imagine having to wait for chapter three haha .
i 've only played a few mods for ddlc and other games in general but this one is easily my favorite !
keep up the great work and i 'm excited to get to chapter 3 .
if no one spawned in and found it everything would be gone in 30 minutes .
i bet his friends would also love to join !
my parents are trying to sell their house and people just are n't interested .
3 bedroom ranch on 1 acre on the outskirts of saco in a quiet neighborhood .
but the days of people killing each other to get any house in any condition are over .
what are they a bunch of 14 yr olds ?
it was basically what if hercules was clark kent ? ''
the direct contact was established and he proved himself worth of an asset '' .
he is n't now but he did in the past as i said .
balgruuf hates them as much if not more according to mephala 's knowledge but choose imperial side out of distrust to ulfric thus enforcing wgc and otherwise bowing to the dominion .
and ulfric hates empire as much as he hates the thalmor so use of resources of one enemy specially if you are such a hypicritical moron is n't much of a problem .
i get the tv remote an press the red button at the top and ... oh .
genuine concern but like everything else in real life money trumps over everything
bcci will host a few tours with nations willing to accept the window .
those who oppose window will schedule their tournaments during ipl it 's not like bcci has any say in that matter
oc spray or taser if they 'd respond with more violence .
there also was a ban on foreign investors for two years ... that will do it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm just saying this is the one time i actually understand it .
i specialize in traditional and digital inks unique concepts and striking imagery with wide range of style .
let me work for you in your next t-shirt release or even cover art for an album or single
i can make your character design realized in a very remarkable way posters patches name it !
i can also design your logo for a fair price i do animations too !
my prices starts from 25 400 depending on style and complexity
40 80 for minimalistic colorful cityscapes designs for cover art and posters
60 90 for surrealism high concept traditionally inked and detailed art psychedelic designs and more
preferred payment is through paypal chrizztann gmail.com and in php or usd currency
50 dp for initial works 50 for final output files will be .png .psd unlimited revisions
but according to your rules would n't you have to flip the coin for either denmark or the us to declare war on each other since they are both separately at war with canada and not at war with each other ?
i thought you could engage the players and ask how we will like to have the land split/if we will like to declare war again ?
before summer started it was rare to have it completely filled up but now that it 's summer we 've been having full sessions .
even if the trains are not going the playground and scooter track are pretty good .
so you 're saying if it costs the government 1k a week for a rental that 's authorized and you do n't take the rental the government will reimburse you 1k a week ?
could you do the same for this comment cautious_solid_3708 ?
i have the wired haste and the shape weight everything is perfect .
its a shape that will fit lots of peoples hands so do n't worry about it not working with your hands .
what i was thinking might have saved their whole life to buy a house or keep it for their kids education or would have taken a loan to do something out of it .
if that kid was my kid and he did what 's being said he did in this post even me i would have bashed the fuck out of my kids .
but sad thing is that i neither have money nor kids nor parents with that kind of money
your previous situation was objectively better than the situation you are in .
there are stresses in your life that were n't there before .
you ca n't help noticing that difference or wishing you could go back .
plus the silicone looks to have taken damage around the top from removing the rim .
so i had to google what 'pendejo ' meant and apparently enrique iglesias released a song by that name .
unless they make the bp boost basekit of course .
it 's a huge thing to push a cosleeping toddler to sleep independently in their own bed for your convenience .
you can be frustrated because it 's not the choice you would make .
but understand that it 's really clear even to strangers on the internet that neither stepdaughter nor mom are ready for this transition .
she 's only this small for a heartbeat of time .
before any of you know it she 'll be big and independent and not want to cuddle anymore .
sleep disruption is one of the defining characteristics of young children .
with toddlers it 's nightmares and separation anxiety made worse by your specific circumstances and changing sleep needs and night terrors and teething pains and growing pains and a million other things .
there 's a reason studies find parents of young children are sleep deprived for years .
you have wildly unrealistic expectations if you assume bedtime should be a reliably easy event under your circumstances .
b in terms of practicality and general making life less hard .
laundry is there so you do n't have to trek through the snow in the winter .
it 's attached to the front office so you can easily grab your mail/get help with whatever .
the basement/storage area is right under that building so it 's easy during move-in and move-out times .
bear case is they issue 100 million new shares at 1.50 each to provide a runway for more r d .
do n't old people in japan already volunteer to clean up the irriadiated zones from the tsunami ?
i just wanted to tell you all thank you .
the team lead actually wrote a message to personnel/grievance about said manager in my defense so i may have to answer questions about it but i should n't have to deal with retaliation .
i was under the impression top pharma and biotech sponsor some but i could be wrong genentech j j amgen
i spent my first three hours chaining a row .
keep allowing him to pursue this if he enjoys it !
first seen here https redd.it/uxa5na on 2022-05-25 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' veyyqk '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=veyyqk samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
act like a brat get punished like a brat .
the burntrap suit is the springtrap suit he ditched before ffps .
the reast of him is random glamrock bonnie parts other stuff vanny had lying around and the flesh is due to remnant
i 'm more of a metallic gunmetal gray kinda dude myself .
sonic adventure do n't remember much of it just that it was cool .
although my favorite instance of super sonic is unleashed probably the best example of how strong it truly is .
yeah i picked it up off an ally that accidentally blew himself up and then reloaded before the start of the clip too .
on my screen i fired two rockets and nothing came out like the effects occurred but nothing happened then i had to go back into theater and saw that theater did n't even register the inputs it just makes me look like i sat there .
that 's the game we play when we pursue relationships .
i also own both consoles and a beefy gaming pc 3080ti etc
i 'll give you a 1000 for the cj and you can double your money .
haha i was legit hoping i 'd post this and get proven wrong
i listened to the set from my campsite it was too loud .
please do not wish this on the good hardworking people of cancun .
have you tried rubbing alcohol and a flat razor blade ?
the kind that has a handle to hold the flat blade
besides why do n't you just dhl your application to the bva ?
do n't complicate your life spending a lot of money trying to reside cuz they will more than likely tell you that you ca n't reside .
do n't go for the oh they will make an exception '' mindset .
some random dude could 've slipped through the cracks but it is not the norm given that you need a residence permit and argentineans ca n't be given one in the 90 days .
it is very clearly stated in https www.auswaertiges-amt.de/de/service/visa-und-aufenthalt/staatenliste-zur-visumpflicht/207820 https www.auswaertiges-amt.de/de/service/visa-und-aufenthalt/staatenliste-zur-visumpflicht/207820
just send in via dhl your application wait for the erklärung 's official '' 3-6 months ish processing time add some 3 months of potatoes time bum you get your erklärungsurkunde and apply for a reisepass which will come in 6 weeks standard time or 2-3 weeks accelerated time extra fee .
it 's better than risking in getting into germany w no legal bakcground or any legal opportunity to reside .
the new hdfc infinia card does not look premium at all .
it 's a monolithic plastic card and that 's it !
for one of the most premium cards in the country it looks cheap
a little tardy to the party but ok what 's you fav linkin park song ?
i have a freind who builds and invents weird bikes and has regular penny tours to the bush with fellow enthusiasts .
they said they wanted to make sure they have enough vinyl pressed for the release as there are shortages in that production .
the clip is wrong though it 's actually in perth .
there is no smith street in highgate in south australia .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfans101 message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfans101 2fcomments 2fvf4wd3 2ftoday_in_my_onlyfans_i_have_a_video_in_bed_with 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
buggy ended up reaching the status of yonko due to a combination of two events
following the announcement that big mom kaido were defeated many of the islands formerly under their protection contacted buggy 's delivery service trying to obtain protection to avoid what happened to whitebeard 's territory following his death .
same as above but it 's numerous members of the big mom pirates and the beast pirates contacting to join now that they 're out of a job so to speak .
ultimately meaning that once again buggy has benefited massively from luffy 's actions and now is protecting multiple islands and has a huge crew .
i love how she has her tail wrapped around the kitten .
how to curse your boss in spanish is first on the list of the learnings lol .
i 've still not done them on radiant but have done nkg .
not to be rude but what you said basically boils down to most people will end up dating a shitty person at one point in life.
the cuckold thing is kind of a weird thing to throw in there .
but yeah that lady erotically eating that stick of food and winking is a red flag imo
not to sound gross but in my experience women that entertain those behaviors leave the door open to getting fucked
i 'm not proud of it but i 've cucked two guys before and it was n't difficult .
everyone may have sexual desires but when people broadcast that and exhibit behaviors which entertain the notion that they 're open to other people ... it 's because deep down they 're open to other people .
does n't take much to go through that door .
just my opinion though and that 's why it 's important to pay attention and break up if things are feeling off imo .
discussions can be tricky because cheaters lie but their behavior does n't .
those random text messages that they do n't want to share random girl 's nights out where they 're staying the night at their friends house and their phone dies being flirty with random guys but i would n't actually do anything etc .
imo it 's obvious but the guys i 've seen did n't pay any attention .
do n't act like a cuckold and you 'll probably be fine
both dresses are absolutley beautiful in their own way .
in the second one your body language says it all !
your comparison to the uk oz and canada is exactly right and the direction that sg is headed .
the government makes a determination on what will be paid for and what wo n't .
there is a limited pile of money that can be spent on health so the government spends it on the most effective treatments .
as a society as a whole it 's a great system you get the maximum benefit to public health for the dollars spent .
as an individual it can be bad a treatment that could cure you cancer is n't paid for because the benefit per dollar is n't high enough .
i would love to help you with the swelling .
i would suck on your nipples and drink every drop .
if anything they 'll see his imprisonment of further evidence of the deep state .
i watched it on hulu pretty sure it 's uncensored on there
i hear ya one day soon i 'm gon na remove it and leave it blank but i kinda of like it for now .
i just wan na hear what a full cigarettes and valentine 's '' album sounds like .
why do i feel like they only had one camera doing this
why do you think op should take time out of his life to go to the beach house ?
you can distinguish between giant hogweed and cow parsnip by the leaflets .
cow parsnip has broad lobed shaped leaflets giant hogweed has narrow jagged and pointy leaflets .
fortunately he can both love and clown on his grandson simultaneously .
if you see people wearing masks outside as people who are virtue signaling you 're probably projecting some shit .
just here to praise the op for being a decent human being .
i 'm in a medical only state and that 's about average for basic tier stuff .
high test insert eye roll are between 12-20 and kaviar are 30-35
you 'll probably need a retwist sooner or if you 're talking swimming pool you should wear a swimming cap no matter what kind of hair you rock because of chlorine .
it 's the ‘old school form of huffing ' .
that what happens when you land on your air bags and they go pop ...
make sure to enjoy the community on telegram https t.me/+vfuzth5wwti0ytk6
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wifessharing if you have any questions or concerns .
the whole point of republics is that the presidents are elected and not based on inheritance .
it sucked the last time do n't see how it would be any better this time .
really hoping rahm burns or xander pulls through for that free driver
sorry your submission has been automatically removed for your title or comment containing '' dm me '' '' .
this is due to your post potentially breaking one of our rules .
please read the sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/nudes/about/rules before resubmitting .
if you think the post was removed by accident please contact the moderators via modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
this will be my first big test since deciding not to drink 6 days ago .
starting my day with reading some posts here is a big motivator .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought both daydreamer games in pdf and zine formats .
btw will you have pod versions of saalt and the wandering knight available in the future ?
🤢 ... 🤮 okay i 'm fine now ... oh no ... 🤮🤮🤮 whew that was rough but i 'm okay n ... 🤮🤮🤮🤮 i 've got ta get out of h ... 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
urg every time i see this it makes me so upset .
when i had my kids both by c section i had to go back to work the very next week .
i got a week paid vacation a year and i was living with my in laws .
they charged a ludicrous amount for rent by the week i assume to keep us in a predicament that we could n't save to get out of that and greed and after having both kids threw a hissy fit about me taking even a month off .
they would n't have gone without any rent my husband still worked .
even though i had major surgery to give birth to their grandchildren they could n't care less .
i 'd also like to add that they lived in state housing and paid 300 a month for rent while between myself and husband we paid them 300 a week for rent 12 years ago so it was way above market price for an entire apartment in my area let alone the one bedroom we had .
so it 's not like it would 've hurt them at all financially to give me a little time to heal .
i also could n't like go to welfare for maternity leave because my mil already collected inside the household .
anyways after i had my daughter i got a severe infection from doing to much to quickly and you need to rest doctors words and they flipped the hell out that i had to take another 5 days off the remainder of the week .
my husband had to work overtime to come up with the remainder which meant very little actual rest for me .
sorry for my rant it 's just infuriating dogs get more time to heal then i did we had our children very young and were struggling to get our lives together .
and his parents took full advantage of the situation knowing we were desperate and we had agreed to the terms before we had children .
but the average redditor is n't a content creator with a tonne of subscribers .
a long convoy destroyed would have hundreds of destroyed vehicles ... odd they chose not to record that .
hi i was wondering if this is a legit factory seal or a reseal .
ah yes baghdad home to thousands of years of human history one of the biggest cities in the arab world and what is called the cradle of civilization has greatly improved because of weeb gatherings .
again ichigo '' was there when his mother was killed .
he just blamed himself for not being strong enough all isshin did was tell him not to blame himself .
i saw that sibling falling down the stairs and knew it was it !
i am watching on hbo max and i 'm almost done with what is on there .
brit box for me only seems to have classic who
mij first thought was gardevoir though i just realized with its evolution line starting from ralts you would definitely be treated as a groomer so maybe not the best idea and the whole creating blackhole business on the other hand people would probably not dare to say that in your face if it would result in them being obliterated by gravity
one of the best freemium learning sites i have come across
how is it any regrets .. i got green soul one in same price and it is not that good as expected at that price range 12k
it has been 109 days why do you expect me to remember what i was talking about
nostogoia is something you have n't heard or seen in a while lol so yea i do know so it 's much more clear you do not understand and has nothing to do with age .
ich frag mich manchmal wie die menschheit es geschafft sich so lange selbst zu erhalten wenn die durchschnittliche intelligenz gefühlt irgendwo bei null ist
do n't send us a modmail about it we will not change it !
this is a spam protection mechanism tutorials on how to earn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
give the left side some time to catch up .
in a couple months it will probably look even and really great .
remember to check our discord where you can get faster responses !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pchelp if you have any questions or concerns .
really depends on how big your space is and what type of yield you are looking for .
if you provide that it 's easier to say when .
typically i think 6-8 weeks in veg if it 's a photoperiod seed..i flipped mine last night at day 57 .
wish i could post pic in reply to show for reference .
if the game did n't have this item monk would be better lol .
wait till you find something you want to use for a few years
i personally think these are really lame but if they 're having fun and not hurting anybody then more power to them .
i hope they have a long happy future as a family ❤️
if everyone clear trays like ns/primary/sec school teach you ... then maybe do n't need to pay svc
yes homie forgot to git add git commit m i 'm definitely not lying '' and git push repos rarely get updated without a commit/push
this all sounds like some teenager 's creative writing .
you met a girl tried to flirt with her by saying dumb goofy things she showed no interest and tried to hook up with some random dude so you got pissed and abandoned her in unfamiliar place with no money and no phone battery charge ?
she could 've end up being raped or murdered .
sorry i have a life and i do n't sit on reddit whining about my problems said the person posting on reddit whining about their problems .
a lot of work went into that name and part of the point is it seems so obvious and yet ... .how could it be anything else ?
i also had linksys i want a strong reliable network
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/simrankhan/comments/vftzxj/amrita_bagchi_hot_scenes_in_city_of_dreams_s01 32 32
one more reason to finally lvl a bow character to lvl 100 key_aurastacker
but if you 're trying to log in to something like twitter it 's probably going to take at least a second to handshake with their server .
then after a few dozen failed attempts in under a minute they will lock the account .
making it effectively impossible to brute force the password .
i 'm obsessed with my wife 's hair too so i get it !
has anyone ever told y'all that angela looks kinda like mythra from xenoblade ?
that 's almost one per year of chinese civilisation !
prediction time they 'll start wheeling out 6000 years of civilisation before too long .
i 'm an older millennial and i 'm way ahead of my time apparently .
been drinking monster zero ultra since 2012-2013 and used to dowse myself with axe in highschool .
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
except the driver did not have to pay the 2 fine for a dui and the police believed it .
you could have steven spielberg tom hanks and god himself doing pr for the unions it wo n't do shit while murdoch rotheremere and the barclays run the press and therefore public opinion .
my weight can fluctuate a couple of pounds between days so i like to look at 1 week 2 week and 4 week averages and look at the general trend .
depending on where you 're starting you may be adding muscle which is n't a bad thing .
that 's a key problem with metrics like bmi ca n't differentiate 20lb overweight with muscle vs. fat .
as others have said we 're often not nearly as conscious of what we eat as we believe .
track carefully for a week you might be surprised .
matt fitzgerald 's the endurance diet '' he only says diet '' because his publisher said he had to gives sound and flexible guidelines to help keep nutrition in track so you can nourish your body for the work your doing .
i 'm just surprised with lack of obligatory archon hype ngl but still can understand husbando wanters
we got ta see the yard to determine for ourselves if it is actually relentlessly gay or just mildly gay
i forgot to mention its semi gloss paint over a lightly textured wall .
you think elon musk is gon na save/is saving the world ? ?
they just switched to ukraine side after it got obvious ruzzians wo n't win .
they were supporting l/dpr and separatists and thus ruzzian invasion from 2014 and up until very recently .
you might as well ask about the christian view on the phone in your hand it is a utility neither moral nor immoral taken by itself but can be used for virtue or vice .
a genuinely christian capitalist would pay his workers enough to live with human dignity would compete fairly with other companies in his field would not abide false or misleading advertising for his product for example .
if you 'd like look up distributism for how some traditional christians balance capitalism with christian morality
good thing there was 3 in the row of something or else it would 've been a cat
now he can become what he always strived to become .
the prime minister of new south wales and not giving a shit .
you are already getting the gaming temps we want without disabling cpu boost on top of that i am getting your temps with cpu boost disabled meaning lower performance wth man you ca n't get better than those averages
i saw a guy giving his gf a massage on the train i dunno it just made me smile
as far as direct threats go this seems a little like a self-own .
because smurfing is an issue that quite frankly is impossible to control without doing something ridiculous like providing ssn or other government identifiers and i am not trusting a video game company with that information .
but phone numbers bro people can spoof phone numbers or use that google number thing .
there are plenty of ways to get around most arbitrary restrictions that a dev could feasibly place on a game .
people can circumvent ip and hardware bans if they really wanted to .
it 's just not worth the resources usually to go after smurfs .
even more so when there are dozens of account reseller sites for every game that sell competitive ready accounts for like 5 a pop .
the kosatka submarine you use to start the cayo perico heists can be upgraded to fire guided missles .
you are watching someone fly the guide missles like a mad man through train tunnels .
kinda crazy if you 've ever flown one they 're not the hardest to handle in the air but this is very impressive .
cutiepiesensei is cool she has a sweet smile and her cosplays rock .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/burdurland if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll definitely be looking into it just curious how long term the review for a 2022 could be
edit wow the corrosion factor for those 2022 bikes is insane 3 weeks after applying dielectric grease the corrosion is back ... wtf..thank you for the insight
he was a student of the game from the moment he could walk .
mcdavid is a product of decades of sport evolution coaching and players to emulate .
dfi can not go to zero as many investors have frozen '' or bonded their various dfi pools in cake for up to 10 years in some cases .
they would not be able to sell or swap dfi .
they would be left holding the bag for so long a time dfi would probably stabilize and go up again if such a drop actually happened which i doubt would .
it 's just so random for her to say that and of course sounds unprofessional as fuck .
they think it 's just so easy too oh go lose weight and everything will be fine !
like i 'm sure skinny people have medical problems too .
the rulebook clarifies you have to be able to get all effects of the card wholly in order to play it unless
the card increases the global parameter that is already maxed
the card provides a special resource that you do n't have any card to put on microbe animal ...
the card removes resources from any player '' in which case you are allowed to remove none or part of it .
beware production reduction must always be paid even if you are the only one who has it .
energy tapping while noone has energy will end up with you having 0 energy production .
so if you can not place a city tile or any tile-greeneries or special tiles too the card provides you can not play it .
you also can not play lava tube settlement or volcanic area if all 4 volcano tiles are covered in tharsis and elisium only
there is a funny interaction with this rule and the card 'artificial lake ' .
when the non-reserved areas are full you ca n't play the card because you ca n't place a water tile on a non-reserved area .
but if you hold it long enough until all 9 water tiles are placed in reserved areas then you can play the card because of exception 1 .
the issue is americans specifically are super price sensitive to food .
if you raise prices on food they notice and stop buying yours for a competitor .
so instead you shrink it introduce a share size '' thats the same as it used to be at a higher price .
then quietly phase out the shrunk size and remove the new labeling .
thanks but nah literally just threw it on so i could do some mag dumps into a berm
you could call your ob and ask for advice prior to your appointment !
that said it is not recommended to lose weight while pregnant .
if i were you i 'd be eating my maintenance calories and continuing to build healthy habits so that i gain the proper amount of weight for an overweight pregnancy i think its 15-25lbs ?
your post was removed due to the new/inactive user filter .
this is in place due to how large the subreddit is and with that bringing hordes of spam/reposts/advertising etc ...
the filter removes posts from accounts that have less than 2000 karma and that are less than 2 weeks old .
what you need in order to post you need both of these
2000 combined post comment karma award karma does not count .
we do n't care if the app says you have 1900 .
you can get karma by commenting on posts or posting in other subreddits and getting upvotes on either reddit 's version of likes .
directly asking people for upvotes is n't allowed and you will be banned for it .
if you message modmail about this you will be ignored if you do n't understand something then google it or try https www.reddit.com/r/karma/wiki/index/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ksi if you have any questions or concerns .
many seniors do n't have grandchildren or access to their grandchildren
can you define works based salvation '' and which denomination you think teaches it ?
the difference between a french occupied state and a british occupied state
they would n't charge a full game price for something like that .
allude elude means dodge avoid escape fail to be attained
the suv over corrected the first time which led to losing control of the car .
sometimes it 's better to hit the other car or let a car hit your than to get into a worse accident because your car is out of control .
i sold all my rune things totally forgot they even existed lmao and got to 30 vigor
lower your max input threshold on your left stick .
under a rock in my room with dark chocolate or pizza
for real i feel like a hard rain will take some paint away ...
so you wake up one morning and feel like crap .
following day you sill feel like crap you know it 's just a cold nothing a doc can do .
third day you 're feeling better but not good enough to go to work .
now you need to try and get an appointment that day for your doctor to write you a note .
you need to waste your time and the doctor 's time for a stupid note .
those kinds of policy are a waste of everybody 's time .
you 're lucky to have such a great health plan .
i 'm in canada so it would cost me nothing also .
how about you trust your employees to be honest ?
policies like that are more likely to result in an employee coming in while still under the weather the third day to avoid the hassle .
correct me if i 'm wrong.. but there has n't been an untethered jailbreak for years .
also i have no idea why i got downvoted lol
he seems to be climbing up the order obviously not the first choice but he is n't far off .
exactly ... it is only the impression you have been given .
and i am saying unless you can give me concrete evidence that this is a muslim wedding then fair enough but it still is n't right to marginalize an entire community .
even with bug screens the window sills get covered in a fine brown haze .
i guess we are breathing that in as well .
i started a family video call after skelton hit someone about 25 mins ago .
i 've just tuned back in and he 's just done it again ... 🤦‍♂️
ah yes the legendary super monke who was destined to defeat the emperor of the universe lord garchomp
i do an adapted qwet and leave it in tincture form .
i use a ton of cbd hemp for the extraction to get more terpenes in there a fair amount of thc-rich cannabis and then i add isolates after to boost the cbd concentration and add an appreciable amount of cbn as well as cbg .
the more minor cannabinoid isolates i can get my hands on the more diverse the profile of my tinctures will become .
currently the batch sitting in my freezer is 56mg cbd 10.5mg cbn 10mg thc 7.4mg cbg per tsp .
it tastes like all the best aspects of weed without any skunkiness .
there 's also almost no lipids in the tincture making it a clear gorgeous light amber color .
i feel very unsettled by it still so i think i 'll stick with being a monster instead of a victim ...
would like to refer you to u/freaglii just look at their most recent post and your problem will be solved
recomp eat around maintenance and prioritize protein and veggies in your diet .
get a consistent workout routine and diet going before you add in more things like bulking or cutting .
bulking and cutting can be harmful if you 're beginner and they 're not necessary to make visible progress .
op paulfarmer66 is a spam bot that steals designs from legitimate sources and creates bootleg merch .
please be careful of any links you get in private messages !
i think it makes a lot of sense to go ft for the job and pause school .
government jobs once permanent has a lot of nice perks .
and who knows how the market would be like in 6 months/1 year .
i still have yet to decide whether i even want to listen to this episode .
exciting beyond belief to know that a true fan had creative control over the most beloved content i 've ever come across and even more giddy by the fact that from what i hear here this pilot followed the beam accordingly .
however the longing for an adaptation the likes of this has been a pure obsession of mine since i finished my first journey to the tower back in ‘13 .
let me take this time to the mention the dark tower movie also let me sidebar just for a moment and say that in no way am i comparing these two works .
the movie was an absolute abomination and everyone associated should be ashamed of it they have forgotten the face of their fathers and should be sent out west .
yet i will say that the expectation and subsequent disappointment may in fact even be worse we 're i to listen to this episode of kingcast .
the movie is done and over with we know it was trash we 've accepted it as such and we can move on .
to know that a masterpiece was in the works for a story and a journey the likes of which we have never seen and most likely never will again that blood sweat and tears were poured into it and that the story arc was sussed out to a point that seems to be beyond satisfactory to most of the fans i 've heard talked about it and to have that ripped away before ive even listened is truly heartbreaking .
although heartbreaking does not even do my intent justice .
longing for a thing that was that could have been and not even a fucking glimpse .
to hear the brain behind it talk with passion about the pilot and his plans for the entirety i think is just too much for me to handle guys
ohhh i see i never knew you had to be on the web version .
i 've always wanted to add those flairs but i 'm on mobile
yea dude do you have a link to the fb group ?
i do n't like to give out my real name on reddit .
i think this is more in the purview of the gate spell .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/babesnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
are you just going to reply in quotes now ?
i have a bachelor 's and a master 's from two schools on this list currently working on a phd .
this is now one of the post-grad options i 'm exploring .
i 'm really glad that the uk government opened up this avenue but the hpi visa does n't count towards the five-year residency requirement .
i wonder if people who have the qualifications for hpi might not go for the skilled workers visa instead .
so you 're capable enough to reinstate section 3 seller code of conduct suspension ? ?
i think you might have been the last person still paying for cable
i just saw the first episode and there were no dinosaurs .
but it was fucking amazing and i 'll keep watching .
ya i think he 's trying to figure out how to make that more clear
revenge draw on fire 2/11 cor sync refia 4hit follow up lm now enter team samuraj cor jack syncs cyan woke gilgamesh for chain one healer maybe they can handle ice weak odin or i can switch cyan for ayame sync well see
do n't you worry i 'll ensure we practice regularly until you get there 😄
i will always be weary and expect the most difficult path but the potential for a sweep is having a little party in the back of my brain for sure .
you can do whatever makes the game fun for you .
some have fun min-maxing already built characters and teams and reducing abyss clear times .
others like build new characters to expand their teams even though they wo n't be as strong .
for example i like building new characters so i spend my resin doing bosses talent domains leylines .
those also give me some variation on what i do instead of grinding the same artifact domain over and over everyday .
i was going off metro population which seems a better indicator of a city 's economic and cultural importance .
i actually thought it was the gays that were gatekeeping pride .
like it 's ok to be celebrate gay pride but not straight pride .
hella irrelevant i would n't even be asking if i had one of them lmao
make a circle instead of lines if you do that you should only use about 1 fuel tank this is can be risky .
you can also make a line from one end of the wall at the top to the other end and do the same towards the bottom of it .
this will make the wall soft and you can shoot/blow it open .
just not ever on yt for the reason to be successful at it .
my other videos made me about 20k but they were for competitions .
made even some for youtube before but just for fun that got on the best 15k views
but my overall intention is now to still get going and increase quality by 1 per video
i have tried to channel '' spirits and it honestly takes a lot of work and extreme receptiveness .
the idea that a spirit can wily-nilly possess you out of the blue seems far-fetched at best .
and yet he 's clearly sitting on the left of the plane .
be sure to identify it as a homebrew analogue that does n't have the soul component or the players may know and spoil it
my daughters dr seems to be well versed in celiac disease and we have a treatment plan and follow up tests .
the office has a dietician i can message anytime i have questions too .
i 've seen other people just told to eat gluten free and sent on their way .
this is only the beginning unless consequences are handed down .
just bending them hiding them or putting them away under other leaves
just install gamescope and set the game you want to whatever launch options you want i have to disable mangohud so mine looks like mangohud=0 gamescope w 1920 h 1080 f command
already working on it it 's got death by glamour and everything .
not that slendrina is n't already the daughter of a creepypasta ...
can you really say anything to anyone when your profile says intp logician/fixer '' ?
mc was just telling you the world was about to end and how the four of you and monika can stop it yet you do n't even bother listening !
im not even sure if those two events are related or not .
he flooded it left the game then eventually left the server .
oh n drink some water or go get a body armor laddy
all you have to use is spam those scatter nades like everyone does and that does the trick
and that white one in the distance is n't far behind .
might be worth the 10k gamble that the neighborhood or county comes in and builds a wall since that whole cul de sac is screwed if they do n't fix the erosion problem
i escaped at 16 using student loans/college and my advice remains the same secure a place to stay then job then never ever look back .
i am no contact with everyone gc sister included and while you 'll have to mourn and grieve ... my life is way better now without them .
i had developed hypertension and since cutting them off i 've de-stressed and gone to a therapist and it 's not a health issue anymore .
do n't let them claw their way back in !
good morning 😎 i think i 'm looking more for caps to fill 2 cap mules and perfectly rolled '' weapons 😒 i hate being that guy but i have way to many 2 weapons right now .
i need to unload them 😂 and i wouldnt turn away jumpsuits leather coats tattered field jackets .
a half naked bettie is the best father 's day gift she 'll really take care of the old man good !
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
you do realize that if a spec bard drops a full set of attack buff its like a 50 increase in damage for 16s .
pretty sure there are better ways to cope with triggers than completely ignoring them and burying your head in the sand
valentine is by far the worst town in rdo .
you can not take one step into it without being shot at .
or at least there is already a huge massacre happening .
and now we know where all the water is going in california !
my guess is that either the devs did n't know what non binary identitys mean we 're lazy with there retrofit of there dating system to fit into the system they already have so they ensured things would n't change much from there already established system or the dev team was flat out tasked to retrofit the entire backend and much of the frontend for the app in only a few weeks so they rushed it by doing this .
you 'll definitely have better road feel as in every little bump .
it 's not bad if you 're on a race track but shitty roads will annoy you .
where did you get the sony tv on the bottom ?
congratulations you have been given 1 point for solving this post !
why did i always think joe was british i 've never heard him speak tf
totally agree this defense does n't work without smart directing traffic or his ability to switch up to 4 's reliably .
i 'm not even sure where the celtics fans do n't even rate him as their best defender narrative came from .
wow lucky guy if your lady ask you to shrink it !
was he sure to blow cigarette smoke directly into your face over and over like my mom and dad did to me ?
when my nephew was a toddler he stayed with my mum for a few days a week while my sister went to work .
when she woke up he had coloured the entirety of his face in green .
she cleaned his face and got to making dinner .
when it came time for a nappy change it was revealed that he had been a lot busier with the markers while she was asleep he had completely coloured in his doodle purple .
wait the avalanche are 14-2 in this playoffs now ?
it might just mean you 're not ready yet which is also okay .
do we know if verminlord have the hero keyword and can take artifacts ?
i 'm going to have to tell my wife these are art investments '' then
he did show her respect based on her abilities to shoot at the shootout in nicaragua .
i thought a americans like me could get drafted at 15
his book and shoes are drawn so well oh my god .
yung post galit sa friend ko yung so ko .
the best use of that money depends on your overall financial picture .
sometimes the best investment is using that money to pay off outstanding debt .
or ... you could be making enough money that a roth ira is n't even an option for you .
for reference to everyone i started following baseball heavily in 2018 and manny became my favourite player throughout the postseason run and i 'm trying to collect all his mlb jerseys .
i see these kinds of things a lot and i 'm closing in on 7 years of collecting mainly errors and varieties so i 've got some pretty decent experience .
any questions on varieties you may have feel free to reach out .
i highly recommend looking at getting a clip-on macro lens off of amazon for your phone .
it helps drastically with taking close up images and allows you to angle your light source as well to avoid shadows and glare .
my macro is apexel as well and i 've been using it for years .
the one i linked is a set of two 12x lenses that screw on to each other creating a 24x and i recommend just using one 12x lens as 24x is way too close .
you can accomplish everything you need with just the base 12x .
also i 'll still take a look at the photos you 'll post to be sure as well !
it 's nice talking with you bill and feel free to message me when you 've got questions !
mages that do n't have either dps or pushing ability
the only reason mages arent played in botlane a lot is because adc players dont want to play things that arent marksmen
false and homosexual because spending 120 on drinks would most likely mean they 're both fairly plastered and a sober brother prolly would n't realistically be able to tolerate their sisters drunk tinder date for 4 hours
even mark rober does this he said in his most recent video that he stole a claw machine from a denny 's .
i had a conversation with my big sister and she literally said i can see you being just fine by yourself . ''
but when i told her that i 'm aro she said you just have n't met the right person yet . ''
yeah maybe i have n't and maybe i wo n't .
but do n't just tell me that you can see me being happy with who i am and then when i tell you who i am you take it back .
i have a huge lawn with horrific st. aug .
i would rather have low water/zero water landscaping and maybe a patch of turf for my son to play on .
his son died and he 's ten times worse .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's a really awful picture to me the mighty trees reduced to shopping-centre decorative plantings and her stars to ceiling decorations .
i would have loved to see her with lizzie more
hi off topic but try using my fitness pal to keep track of your diet it could give you a little bit of encouragement !
r/onlyfansasstastic is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't care if a team is losing 23 to 0 you call penalties as they are written .
stop with this bullshit sympathy cause the team is getting destroyed .
i am an unoriginal douchebag and fire-breathing demagogue . ''
refs just giving tampa a pp so they can officially get brazil'ed .
i ca n't exactly remember either but i think it was .
217 for a pga pro is like 165 for mere mortals .
it 's a 5i or 6i under normal conditions .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
ah i see you met a former resident of the san diego system
maybe you could find an older less expensive version .
i think you can swing it but buying such an expensive car may prevent you from doing other things in the future .
if you think this wo n't interfere with any of those plans i think it is okay but if it does even slightly i think you should n't because it can be difficult to recover from such an expense so early on unless you find a way to make a lot more money .
i feel like my dad said that you should n't spend more than a years salary on a car but that 's probably outdated rule of thumb .
i just give my crown to folks in the lobby
add just enough water in a pot to cover them bring to a boil then let simmer until soft stirring occasionally .
you can add cinnamon and vanilla extract to taste if you like .
all natural works best if consumed regularly every 24 hours and bonus you get a little bit more iron for you and bb .
let 's all fix one day and timing so that theater does n't feel empty while watching
akame ga kill highschool dxd monster musume date a live evangelion miss kobayashi dragon maid demi-chan fairy tail chobits girls und panzer kantai collection danmachi to love ru overlord zombie land saga in another world whit my smartphone rosario vampire that time i got reincarnad as a slime how not to summon a demon lord demon king daimao gate did n't i say to make my abilities average in the next life high prodigies have it easy even in another world monster girl doctor my hero academia darling in the franxx clannad
ussf authorized an initial uniform allowance for all members once the new dress uniform hits the shelves so 1600-1800 up front to cover the cost of the uniform
and i just shared my interpretation of the title that does n't give you the right to tell me what i ca n't say either .
lol yeah she more short range more so than melee
nta and he 's not a good boy he 's a homophobe and a billy .
go right back to the principal if either of them do this again .
the wife asked him two weeks before wedding and he avoided the subject even though he knew adoption was off the table .
they are kinda neat.i think they are worth fixing and modding for off road they are really compact and light so they work great for off road and my mom had one so there is a fun factor there too
my father-in-law is a urologist and said that despite me going to the bathroom afterwards and doing everything ‘right ' some people are just prone .
i am also prone to utis and i went through a period of a few years where i got them every few months .
fortunately i have n't had one for a few years now .
i recently saw in an old medical report that i have an anteflected uterus no doctor had ever mentioned it to me and when i googled i saw that it 's one of the things that can make people more prone to utis .
it also means that your uterus is pressing on your bladder so just needing to pee all the time in general is another side effect .
i am super strict about peeing immediately before sex as well as after and i feel like it has helped .
if you want to search for your alternative just play bingo machine .
you should take out 2 white stone of legend 's for some extra spell/trap cards .
it also does n't hurt to play 22 cards if you want to have more cards in your deck .
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
they 're gon na put him on tv and say oh look here 's a pedophile '' !
kaya kelangan natin makisali para mas magkagulo at mag away sila .
para mas may pag asang matino anv uupo sa 2028 .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=dominatrix-ruby .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm so happy 😁🙈😁 let 's gooo 🦍s let 's fucking goooooooo 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
itto abs and muscles should be in this expy su xd
i literally just came to post this and see if anyone else noticed ! !
this user has verified https www.reddit.com/r/slimthick/wiki/verified_user_guidelines themselves with the mod team .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
anyone posting rude or prejudice comments will have their comments removed and be subject to a temporary or permanent ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slimthick if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe dense was the wrong word but i did n't know a different one
that 's rad stick the fuel tank back on and good to go again ?
please remember to report posts that break the rules !
did you know we have a discord server‽ you can join by clicking here https discord.gg/nwe6js5rh9 !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/genz if you have any questions or concerns .
for now i 'm sure it 's gon na be great in a couple of years but rn dark souls 3 pvp is much better
however running on native res will always look the best .
bet they put double the coins kids house always wins
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=boopphd .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
and that 's why i prefer dubs because then i do n't have to read missing the actual anime part
most l4d players probably do n't have a vr headset let alone are interested in vr as a whole .
i wish i could say yes but honestly i do n't even know how to help myself
also known as illusions of time in eu i believe
were you at mcm a month ago doing fire stuff.. ?
the art and story is cute perfect chapter one right here folks
there are already plenty of men that do n't like sports and nobody has anything negative to say about it .
difference is it 's walmart and not a career buddy knows the risk he is taking .
who knows maybe his manager does n't give a shit beyond that does the next one even care enough to do something about it ?
i liked lizzie for standing up to vicki and tamra .
especially now since she 's friends with boring ass emily and they 've kept her around longer than lizzie was .
this submission does not meet the minimum post body length and has been removed .
please considering searching the subreddit prior to resubmitting your post or reposting with more information to help get the conversation started .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/headphones if you have any questions or concerns .
how dare you defile a beloved character like armadillo .
if you have a bad feeling about it then its a bad idea
boil ‘em mash ‘em stick ‘em up yer arse for making me say the damn line
yeah what the heck lol i ca n't go a single day without stressing about having wasted so much time getting to this point in life like there 's so much more i could 've done .
ik it 's not logical to think that way but it 's just hard not to .
not official permission lord something bribed local ottomans to smuggle it from athens .
all the activities are still open manga room karaoke video room and they 're free .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/arabceleb if you have any questions or concerns .
when i played pvp every day i experienced this a lot .
but instead of everyone only one person from the other team goes afk '' until the dc 'd person comes back .
in congress bernie has fought with determination for working classes focusing on the minimized middle class and increasing gap between the 1 and everyone else .
the rich have run the usa for long enough and bernie is a supporter of the issues of the working class .
i 'd say even so they 're too recent in memory and the og versions of the characters are too prominent in people 's minds .
that may be what turned off people in tasm 2 when they tried to do the green goblin again but it did n't work too well .
leonard attempts to dodge roll sidewards as he is fired upon by a boomer gun
i had a fortunar in thailand and now have a new 4 runner in canada .
what 's a good way to memorize deductive reasoning examples .
i 'm always having to go back and google it again .
dm me i 'll send u a subreddit that talks more about this
people forget about the turkish military power because they 've been neutral since the turkish war of independence but they 're the most powerful country in the region capable of challenging any country other than usa imo .
metroid was released in 1986 doom was released in 1993 .
i just reinstalled it because i remember playing an hour or so and really enjoying it but then i must have gotten distracted and stopped .
do n't remember anything about it but i have like 5 or 6 achievements in it lol .
grap your chance to meet more single ladies here http imbi.abtester.net/click.php ? c=357 key=6y45ppne9i272ohc8r24r29p now .
if you want to see more hot girls videos fun with her https nakelive.xyz/link/cbtahktn now .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexybabe if you have any questions or concerns .
oh are we talking about the war of the worst thing the union did was not setting sherman on the rest of the godless bastards ?
i 've been seeing more melting chrome sort of designs pop up too w tattoos in a similar vein
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
lmao no a lot of this revolves around christianity kabbalah gnosticism catholicism and mainly paganism of many degrees yes a lot of people here are christan based but that does n't mean the original ideas of this very old and very occult conspiracy is solely christian based no .
dude we 're talking about something to help the pain if you get stuck you already have to worry about infection..
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
no i 'm talking about single payer health insurance not socialized medicine .
the nhs is when the government has socialized the healthcare providers .
single payer is when the government socializes the health insurance providers .
a boundary is a non-negotiable way that you need to be treated to remain in a relationship .
a boundary is not something you set upon someone else .
when you do things right people wo n't be sure you 've done anything at all god galaxy
but why did they choose evil pineapple '' for it 's skin
getting charged which is separate from convicted is part of due process mob justice contains the connotations of bypassing the usual evidence based trials to simply do what they want
the quik app is worthless and you 'll need to use it to change your settings .
you can basically just start and stop recording with the buttons .
make no mistake you 'll be buying and carrying extra stuff to use the camera .
you 'll be sorely disappointed with this when you actually go to use it and even more pissed when you want to use your insurance for a replacement it will break on an fpv drone on one crash .
200 deductable for a stripped down version a hero 10 .
that 's because they know they 're all gunna break .
you should check out if there is any mitfahrgelegenheit on f.e .
as you are traveling between 2 big cities your chances should n't be that bad
as a bit of a romaboo to be crude i recognized proconsul .
what 's the context of this is it being used as a general term for ruler ?
i agree that the process of owning a fire arm should indeed be more extensive but shootings will happen regardless of that .
my experience with the m10 q2 and sl2 is that they have very different colors in raw .
this is the case even though the sl2 and q2 reportedly share the same sensor .
i 've not owned an m9 but comparing those ccd colors to the newer cmos sensors show that they 're pretty different straight out of camera .
and even after that i personally am never happy with raw images and never have been from any digital camera .
edit i mean to say i 've never been happy with straight raws without post-processing .
i went for this one too and it 's my rarest plat .
the trucking industry is the literal back bone of us economics that allows for businesses like mcdonalds to even be able to operate at any level of capacity .
an automated trucking industry is 100 more beneficial and more cost efficient than a fast food industry .
more importantly there is a massive truck driving shortage vs the fast food industry .
lastly that 500 feet means jack shit when in 2019 a trucking company had a completed self driving haul from ca to pa in 3 days with no human driving element .
believe me even if fast food is ripe for automation it does n't mean it 's the move those companies should make or go too .
there 's literally no beneficial incentive to go fully automated in the current economic climate .
there is a much higher chance of a fully automated trucking industry happening than a fucking mcdonalds becoming fully automated in the next 20 years .
specially as supply chain continues to become more strained .
also do n't tell someone to do research when it 's pretty fucking clear you have not thought deeply into this or done any real research yourself if you think fast food is totally going to be automated completely in 2 years .
they probably just land with reverse thrusters like space x rockets
if i was local i 'd fix it for free because the king deserves all the power .
i 'm old af so i had to stop gaming or at least i felt that way for a long time to work on my career .
now that the career is fine i decided to get back into gaming but only just dip my toes and spending around 200-250 on a gpu for a decent machine i already had .
i went evga but i think any of those 3 brands would probably be just fine .
its more a luck of the draw if you get someone trying to scam you on an old broken card .
they typically only really go bad with fans and drying out the thermal paste and pads .
i actually replaced the pads and paste with the previous card i had it was a 1070 but you likely wo n't actually need to .
i think a 2060 or 2060s is a good point to enter right now .
you will either determine that you just ca n't get into it or that like me even though you do n't have a lot of time to play its a really good way to blow off steam and worth the investment .
see if you can get benchmark results for something like timespy .
compare those results to other cards just like it timespy has a search option for this
bcs builds on the themes and characters already explored in a much better way .
and the fact that while we watch this we know where the characters end up plays to the show 's biggest strengths .
stop communicating with the seller and just submit a return request with mercari when the package comes if the item does n't match what you bought .
it is not your responsibility to send the item to another buyer and if you do you will likely get scammed .
but you should be able to convert it at will
try vr it 's like being new to video games all over again .
as a christian i truly apologize for the judgements that i 'm sure you have received
we are commanded to love to praise god to make disciples for jesus
judging being dogmatic in your faith sure is n't the way to make anyone a disciple for jesus
just know that not every christian and not every church is like that
i 'm an older disabled sister to two younger sisters and i would never demand that they not be allowed to do shit without me .
one of the things that i had to learn once i learnt i was permanently disabled was that i could n't do all the things i used to anymore i ca n't go hiking on long trails anymore i ca n't lift weights beyond simple dumbbells anymore i ca n't ride rollercoasters with my kid sister anymore .
i 've been told by a neurosurgeon that simply bending down to pick up a piece of paper off the floor can be bad for my spine so i have to be extra careful .
it was frustrating but not once did i tell the whole family they were n't allowed to do anything without me .
it 's nice if they plan things with me in mind but i do n't expect them to .
sounds like your mum has coddled your sister to the point that she 's kept the mentality of 'if i ca n't have it no one can ' that you 'd expect a five year old being told to share a toy to have .
you 're both adults if you want to do stuff without her you can .
they 're the ones acting like babies who did n't get their way
personally i buy from cotton on the 100 cotton ones are pretty comfortable .
i have sensitive skin so i am picky abt my underwear quality and they last pretty long 2-3yrs .
can last longer but i buy new ones just for hygiene sake
and you also have campos which is kind of a meme in f2 and f3
totally agree but it 's hard to be rational after the dunahee abduction .
well he lived for 20 years after the fast though
charleston chew is one of the most underrated candy bars ever .
hi whoever typed this bubble can you please pay my three vet bills caused by the very breed .
alright i 'll just let les claypool anthony jackson thundercat matt garrison nathan east janek gwizdala steve bailey john myung alain caron steve swallow charles berthoud hadrien feraud gary willis phil lesh john patitucci jimmy haslip adam nitti mike pope reggie young and felix pastorious that they all need to hang it up because some dude on reddit says their choice in bass makes them a poser .
herpes form in multiples and not as a singular bump .
herpes also will secrete puss and hurt like hell .
wife and i both worked for her wife left to start her own company i was let go because of it she hired a pi to follow us around and made up rumors that i sexually assaulted her .
0475 1740 2953 1707 4158 8019 me and my brother play daily !
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greatview if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm trying but it 's hard especially when they talk nonsense about something that i was researching for weeks because i got obsessing over it at some point .
is it enjoyable during monsoon or should i wait for winters ?
i saw him selling an item that looked eerily similar called the motherly statue ''
looks like the nostrils are the eyes to a cute lil smile .
sadly the longer you wait the more it 's going to cost to move your belongings back to cali .
i 'd cut your losses and ship what you really need .
if you can afford to live in california i think you 'll be okay with getting new things over time .
i 'll take the thing 2011 hd if you still have it
the only bethesda related thing i 'd want to have sex with is todd howard and he dosent even show up in the games .
why are they bound '' to regret them at some point ?
also i never understood the what happens when your skin is old and saggy ? ''
your skin is old and saggy who cares if it has a faded picture on it .
no one is looking at you for the quality of your skin at that age .
you 're welcome to your opinion but i really do n't get it .
aw thank you but i only followed a good tutorial .
i 'm going to try some alcohol ink next time along with mixing in some translucent blue
r/tits requires that all oc posters verify before their submissions are approved .
you can read up on how to verify on this page https www.reddit.com/r/tits/wiki/verification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tits if you have any questions or concerns .
basically the same thing happened to me except card decline i had to go back and grab a full size down
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i recently played it on an emulator and 100 it in literally two sittings
edit oh no i answered the poll with another option .
this post is sponsored by the hydrohomies discord server https discord.gg/qzd6deueyu
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hydrohomies if you have any questions or concerns .
forcing to die and kill against one 's will is slavery .
there 's no conceivable way that it 's not slavery .
a country that relies on slavery for its war deserves nothing .
why should people be forced to kill and die against their will for the benefit of others ?
why do their lives matter less than anyone else 's ?
what gives the country a moral right to force others to endure the horrors of war ?
upvote this comment and make a comment so i can do the same back .
i am not a bot just a simp for the upvote .
i 've been kinda lookong at games and my rule has sort of been if both teams are n't hitting and its end of the 5th 0-0 take the under 3.5 or under 4.5 .
it just sort of has to be a team that like you said does n't just explode runs like milwaukee did today .
im still sort of getting the feel for live betting under ovsrs but tnh i prefer it way more than normal betting .
i feel like you got ta drop an album to encapsulate the fond farewell eminem should leave on this earth .
have little bits of the album reflect his career .
a curtains up intro a paul skit a ken kaniff skit chicka chicka sound effects dr dre can i get a hell ya ? maybe some yelling into the mic because recovery chuck us something seriously fucked yo for relapse a speed verse or two for rap god and godzilla see if rihanna will do a verse bleach his hair for one of the music videos diss his mom and kim one last time throw hailie a track see if maybe d12 will have a celebratory track grab a royce and skylar feature and maybe some features from the guys he loves .
work with dre for some old school 2000s dre tracks i 'm sure the doc has some in the vault and pull 50 cent out for a return .
put something on it that remembers everything a 25 year career that changed the world can celebrate
this seems like something elderly women learning how to use facebook would giggle at .
i love it fresh cold from the refrigerator just pour me a glass of that cow juice any time day or night .
anyone else wonder what those clownfishes life 's were like before they died ?
i went back to verify and you 're correct on it .
now now do n't really need to bring this up at the moment considering the fucking world is a mess they are our alies now and war sucks anyway and i 'm pretty sure we took care of business anyway plus not good at the moment with all the asian hate going on for some reason so focus on fucking putin and figure out how to relieve him of his insane thought of being the total dictator of the world does it almost sound like someone we know from the usa 🤔
flds is the closest thing to joseph 's and brigham 's original church than anything else on the planet .
plus you have no idea what this female looked like coulda been 6 ' 300lbs .
let 's see you fight off a rapist while unconscious .
can we please admit this is by far the best impact ppv this year it has n't missed a step yet
as far as i know there is one for inouske mikasa eren zoro and yor
mras that group that famously loves trans people and definitely does n't hate them just as much as terfs do .
so what i do with my tmnt issues is golden age bags and boards .
i put a few per bag and pull the one closest to the book up so it matches the height .
then i close and seal up the bag with tape and set it in my box carefully
thank you for the offer but i 'm really looking for the q poon or other legacies
it really is n't though i live in queensland australia and for at least 4-5 months of the year it 's over 30 with high humidity .
il protection sounds like it should be the name of a beastie boys album .
two i have n't seen named yet mike tyson and conor mcgregor .
way too many medals are given out in swimming compared to other sports which leads to top swimmers being overrated .
just incase you might wan na cut the recipe in half he 's just a little guy
went from a 400 trek marlin 5 to a used fezzari la sal peak elite in pristine condition for 4k .
the knobs just turn a set of switches in the unit itself .
i have seen where an electrical short in the power will cause those to burn out and need to be replaced .
the two pieces of metal will also weld '' themselves together and provide a constant supply of electricity and make the burners overheat .
and yes make sure the carbon monoxide detectors are good .
side note any control board i see it on ovens a every once and a while the relay will either stick and overheat the oven and most of the time trip the fuse or just not work at all .
this is just over time the relay being used .
some people are just into cars and it 's their thing i do n't get it personally but i get having some things a person likes and spending money on it assuming they can afford it .
the glaring red flag for me is n't even her perspective on cars and needing a new one but the outright disrespect to op .
i mean op says he ca n't remember if he mentioned anything about her moving in huh ? ? ?
then says something about future plans okay ... . and i 'm just sitting here feeling bad for op because everyone deserves to be with a partner that is excited for future steps in their relationship and supports them even if they thing their so likes something stupid not name calling and moving in or spending time together on the basis of her just not wanting to be around roommates .
maybe some people do n't want or care about a shitload of content ?
if i see an athletic article posted here i 'm interested .
but otherwise i do n't really feel the need to get a subscription .
or how about doing the task so exceptionally well that you end up becoming special by reputation and not by being obnoxious .
it 's the difference between professional people and entitled people
so you just are asking for the rest of us to turn a blind eye to the collection methods used but focus instead on our super important goal .
started as base model but slowly converting to suit my needs .
next to go is the grip or lack there of with a us palm or black yugo grip .
i 'm a guy but i think she would have appreciated that you were respectful .
if you get together now try your best not to move too slow .
that means you would only get the additional damage die added to one of your targets .
at least there 's meat on it god forbid spare me then downvotes god forbid someone orders a pineapple pizza
i get that what i was trying to get to was that it 's a lot on the owner and maybe people get pit bulls but do n't have the discipline to train them and be super strict .
if we 're not at izakaya ren then we 're going to nippon tei .
ahh i love come and get your love got introduced to it through the guardians of the galaxy movie and have loved it ever since
we do n't care the us people had whole cities established here and we do n't see them as cousins by any means nor we do east timor just because they were part of the same colonial empire ...
being 55-58 is a tad low but not er worthy .
they 'll probably stick you in a room an you 'll get aggravated
just because you do n't like it does n't mean it has a problem .
it just means it 's not really your thing .
maybe you like comedy like family guy on its own and you like stuff like star trek on its own but you 're just not a huge fan of shows that combine those two sorts of things together ?
personally as someone who loves things that combine comedy and drama more serious stuff well like bojack horseman mash centaurworld etc the orville is great and really suits my preferences in that regard .
drop dead fred combined comedy with serious topics underlying why her imaginary friend showed up again and the fans of it generally like it and consider it a classic but it did poorly with critics because it did n't know what it was doing '' and it did n't know whether it was a comedy or a serious drama about childhood trauma '' so that sort of thing just does n't work for everyone but it not being for everyone does n't mean it has a serious foundational problem .
maybe its just my own experience but i feel like coup de grace is most often used on a healthy enemy that is incapacitated for whatever reason natural sleep sleep spells paralysis type effects etc so forth .
the 5e rules dont support the idea of instakilling something helpless before it can retaliate .
also i dont have a huge amount of 5e experience but when attacking the incapacitated creature do you still have to hit their normal ac ?
your post only talks about gaining advantage i dont know if some other rule somewhere modifies their ac or not .
as an american the trouble is finding a balance of pto and salary .
i make good money but only have 2 weeks pto annually .
i would gladly trade a chunk of my salary for six weeks pto .
🤔i hope i did n't offend you hun just an honest opinion
you get more vocations at the capital gran soren specifically at the inn keep going through the main story for now and you 'll reach it soon
i 'm curious what game it was you said this after but in the current context you sound like an idiot .
maybe it depends on the bike but compare carbon specialized diverge to carbon giant revolt advanced and other similar bikes .
i thought specialized was 1-2k higher for a similar spec
ca n't be worse a financial decision than giving op the money for their wedding which is one day
ca n't hold it back some women squirt without orgasm not me .
i always do with so it 'd be like asking you to have an orgasm without cumming .
if someone says i 'm a multimillionaire it connotes that they made that money and have control over it .
op 's parents could cut her off at any time if they chose to .
so she 's not a multimillionaire she just has rich parents lol
u/ianselot12 at this point theres no particular hero with over 60 win rate .
theres probably a couple over 55 but its rare .
yeah she noticed that the blood pressure cuff bruised me lol .
yea if they go a zombie route i 'd like it to be like the 28 weeks later kinda zombie as opposed to the walking dead type of zombie
would not recommend starting new life that way haha .
they also mentioned in one of their tiktoks would you disown your daughter if she 's in the lgbtq community '' and they responded absolutely not '' .
someone else here said they openly support lgbtq in their youtube video
lazard 's projections are extremely flawed as they assume the cost to build nuclear plants will not come down from what they are today but they are very generous in their projections for cost reduction for renewables and grid scale storage .
this assumption is disingenuous at best indicative of extreme bias towards a certain agenda at worst .
we know full well that the nuclear power construction industry has been allowed to stall since the 70s and 80s .
it takes a lot of time money and resources to rebuild the knowledge and skills needed to build nuclear plants en masse and we also know that costs plummet once the industry ramps up and makes use of the built up knowledge and skills .
this is why so many western countries could build dozens of nuclear plants in the 70s and 80s which have ended up being some of the cheapest sources of electricity we have .
lazard 's projections might hold weight if countries building nuclear decided not to bother with any more than what 's currently under construction but that is simply not the case .
private and public stakeholders in new build nuclear power are well aware that rebuilding the nuclear construction industry is expensive at first they would n't even bother if they believed that all the money spent on re-learning how to do it for the first few plants could n't be applied to future projects .
i was raised in a cult that had a shunning policy for apostates which was used as a threat against me if i rocked the boat about any of the abuse so i eventually intentionally used it to enforce cutting contact .
both classes only require one ability score to be effective so it is n't disastrous .
plus there 's probably some fun to be had with sneak attack and spells a familiar counts as an ally within 5ft
it probably wo n't be as effective as a 100 rogue or 100 sorcerer since you lose higher level magic and higher damage sneak attack along with high level rogue features but really standard dnd balance cr assumes you brought mystery incorporated not mission impossible so do n't stress too hard about being viable .
side note steady aim on spells could be pretty useful
for your security do not post personal information to a public forum including your coinbase account email .
if you 're experiencing an issue with your coinbase account please contact us https help.coinbase.com/en/contact-us.html directly .
if you have a case number for your support request please respond to this message with that case number .
you should only trust verified coinbase staff https help.coinbase.com/en/coinbase/other-topics/other/is-coinbase-present-on-social-media.html .
please report any individual impersonating coinbase staff to the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coinbase if you have any questions or concerns .
it could be that the differense accelarates so if you run infinately fast the difference of speed is close to infinity while if you dont run run its close to 0
i guess the 10yo will experience some changes as his brain will release growth hormones and the 40yo will probably stay with a tiny package forever .
edit i 'm neither a doctor nor a biologist but knew a mtf who changed so much as a result of hormone therapy .
ooooh that explains why i had a funky difficulty that kept appearing .
your balls hang higher and are much bigger than my grandpa ''
the person stating the confirmation afterwards and then expecting the other person to know is .
i actually think 2023 will be a lot more interesting as far as just being able to see how the franchise fares post-twd .
as far as i 'm concerned amc is severely overestimating how many people genuinely give a shit about their expanded universe plans .
they 're blinded by their greed and desperation to see this but they 'll be forced to come next year when they have to witness the rapid decline in franchise ratings and online fan-interest as well as their plummeting stocks and mass exodus of investors .
the accidentally spoiled part just reminded when i accidentally intentionally looked up jade fanart too early up on the story
that 's a lot of gold but that wo n't be mine this commodity cycle
you should see the tent at night when it cools down .
i recall seeing a video somewhere in either the blue or black tent at night where everything is coming down .
as teutonic knights you need to get a crusade going crusade armies are free and can conquer cities on their way somewhere else usually it is possible to get a crusade against lithuania but i think the base mechanic does n't allow a crusade in the first 20-40 turns and the timer is set to once every 20 turns i think .
so you will have to survive on your own for a bit teutonic knights get pretty good sergeant militias if i remember right which get free upkeep in garrison but i do n't know which mod you are playing and what units it has .
the easiest option is to take nearby rebel towns and develop trade around the baltic sea then call a crusade .
if you fight fellow christians it makes it more difficult to call a crusade so focusing on rebels and pagans is advised .
you can conquer enemies with less than 20 units in mtw2 especially if you have better units .
if you are having trouble even defending yourself in the first 5-6 turns something might be unbalanced and unfinished in the mod .
if you really need money you can deconstruct some buildings i 've done that in mtw2 to get an army in the first few turns most of the early buildings are cheap and easily/quickly rebuilt once you have a few more settlements .
dude in my hoa caught hell for dressing a deer in his garage ...
he got the last laugh when they could not tell him what rule he was breaking .
you can either love it or do n't say anything man
this really sounds like a good idea for a mod
forgot about the gun shots to the head and face .
i never would have thought too look up the soundtrack to that on apple music but i 'm happy i did .
i think i might try to listen to it when i 'm having trouble sleeping might be too intense .
loved the movie too one of the best space movies i 've ever seen and i love space stuff .
and make sure everyone knows why you 're providing them a list of approved people .
and let them know with a picture of possible who tash is and that police should be called if she shows up in person .
i think it is tough as it is main characters vs guests/secondary casts .
maybe a guest stars version and a regular cast version would be better .
in the us unemployment is a type of insurance the employer pays into regularly .
if an ex-employee makes a claim against it then that companies premiums go up and they now have to pay more into the insurance than before .
that 's how and why it gets contested note i do n't condone any of this it is just reality
i did n't even use any of my 73k gems
to learn more about verification or to verify please read how to get verified https www.reddit.com/r/averagepenis/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/averagepenis if you have any questions or concerns .
elon is not eligible to run for president that 's why this story has to fucking happen
it 's the weightloss less facial hair ... he just has this natural round babyface that makes him look eternally youthful
also asking the hotel if they can use the parking for a few extra hours .
even if you have to pay it may be cheaper/easier than dealing with another parking location .
asking at checkout is the way to go they want to try and keep you happy so you do n't go leaving a 1 star review over a petty parking dispute .
this video took 8 months to make and is over an hour and a half long .
please consider watching a good portion of it even if it 's in the background .
or you could search up colossal clash royale iceberg i would appreciate if you did that instead .
agli scritti assolutamente normale per l ' orale metti qualcosa che aumenti la tua sicurezza in te stessa ma a cui non devi pensare .
niente vestiti scomodi troppo corti o troppo scollati ovviamente .
the same speech that led a man to try and kill a bunch of republican congress people at a softball practice ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
as someone who works with smr technology as well as boiling and pressurized reactors i always enjoy these articles and a casual browse through the comments 😂
how do you get the walter out these days in minecraft ?
ibs was good until they killed it in the last episode 😓
casings probably extend in the chamber due to too much free space in there .
the only solution would be indeed a new barrel .
the sprite renderer docs show how to do this https docs.unity3d.com/scriptreference/spriterenderer-sprite.html https docs.unity3d.com/scriptreference/spriterenderer-sprite.html
i also love summer fling '' and its accompanying visuals !
i was disappointed that it was n't gon na be on the standard album too .
of all the singles nina has put out over the past year it was definitely my favorite !
älskar seems to be taking a direction that 's not captivating my attention at all .
i 'm sure there 'll be more good songs but the past two singles have n't done it for me personally tbh
a couple games i played in the past had that .
one where the final boss was you that memorized all your fighting patterns .
i can still drop you the runes if you want
it 's sad that people found fratboy thor to be the best version of himself .
it removed everything that made him unique from the rest of the quippy comedians of mcu which is pretty much everyone .
hawkeye is the last remaining straight man '' in the avengers and it 's sad .
he was good in 4 and 5 an great in 2 and 6 .
he fouled out in 1 3 and 5 and five was pretty obvious the refs looking to give boston the advantage .
crazy favorable whistle for them that game looney got put in foul trouble too .
despite the fact we are actually the depressing black and white but at the beginning .
and for also to putting us with that god dam state of missouri
science has it down that the big bang is what happened resulting in the universe as we know it .
did the patch and felt absolutely nothing and did absolutely nothing .
he build the factory specificly in the middle of bumfuck nowhere to avoid the competition with the big german manufacturers tho .
the closest is probably volkswagen and even they are like 250km away .
mercedes and porsche are in bawü in the south and bmw and audi are in bayern also in the south to the right of bawü then theres some factorys in the old heavy industry areas of the ruhrpott but basicaly to move away any further from where the german manufacturers are concentrated he would have had to build the factory in poland
i would think of a way to tell her and deal with the consequences .
the alternative is that she finds out from somebody else .
maybe not today tomorrow next month or even next year but it will come out .
maybe involve your therapist so she has some support but she needs to know .
well the things you put in quotations would n't be what his lawyer would say on his behalf though .
posting pictures of anyone other than yourself even your significant other is not allowed .
the moderators reserve the right to request verification under circustamces such as this one .
was n't warrior arp capped always 1 or very close to fire mage ?
i remember that it was something like that with rogues and hunters being close due to arp 3,4 and cats if one know what they were doing very difficult to pull off
well that 's what he gets for flashing all those motorists .
i feel like he 'd actually fall under khorne .
excess is occasional while hate is just way more common nermal odie depending on strips mondays postman etc
or we could just throw an aul dot and a dash over letters to mark them as broad or slender would save having to completely redo the whole orthography .
you 're right though that could help however it probably still would be taught incorrectly .
irish teaching is mass produced like cheap fast food for the purpose of preparing the nation 's young for exams .
even in the minority of cases where the teachers have learned and mastered the correct sounds themselves they may not be incentivised to spend their time correcting students who say bayjer or bayder instead of b'fhéidir when all many students will care about is getting the marks they want for university .
guns are designed primarily to injure which merit stricter regulation .
you ca n't go to a school or theater and give a bunch of kids alcohol poisoning against their will unless if you also have a gun with you probably .
i do n't understand how anything other than i hope you are getting on ok is an appropriate comment at this point .
breastfeeding has become such a difficult topic for mothers nowadays i feel like anyone expressing an opinion that is n't support for the current situation is n't required .
there 's foreigners there who are fighting inside the army they swear an oath and get papers etc .
you claim ukraine does n't care about them '' but if you follow any of the foreign fighters in ukraine you will see they generally do stuff on their own in their own units so this autonomy comes with it 's own downsides .
this is a video such a unit do they seem poorly equipped to you ?
3.you 're looking for truth '' from oliver stone who 's a known kremlin propagandist .
literally nothing i said comes from the ukrainian government just my own impression on what i see and hear literally everything you say is parroting the kremlin .
i did this shit a few times when i was like 15 lmao get some glass man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
they 've been losing lifelong fans for years nothing new there .
i 'm at lvl 220 where 10 take me like 45-50 minutes .
but i 'm unfunded with no xp cards or totems .
hard to actually say which one applies to this situation
it wasnt a glitch just the pure power of waluigis throw
bitcoin transactions are incredibly slow and inefficient current payment mechanisms are near instantaneous .
also bitcoin will solve the problem of a farmer with no internet ?
his greater concern is likely that of getting internet not stashing cash under his mattress which is incredibly cliché and satellite internet exists .
these are answers to problems that do n't exist as has been mentioned .
the only major benefit of crypto is that a government should not be able to exercise control over it printing money to prop up failing businesses except that 's it 's not being used as a currency but an investment instrument .
it 's people who ‘invest ' in crypto 's who are the ones who are inhibiting its adoption as the instability of value means no one can effectively use it as a currency and signals clearly that it 's very open to manipulation .
tl dr great idea on paper ruined by those who promote it .
as much as these two like to preach it they are anything but ordinary and plain
matt parker does a lot of funny/educational when math goes wrong '' youtube videos with more than a bit of self-deprecation .
the cover is probably more the work of the publisher .
do you have evidence that the police actually put it on your car ?
srk being brand ambassador of state does say a lot .
and i have seen craze for him first hand .
it 's not like there are not many bengali stars especially in music industry .
and some great actors are also there working mostly in bengali movies .
may be what you are saying is also true certain section might be there .
i used to go for hindi movies with my local friends there and it was not like very easy to get tickets .
i think the market is only increasing since then .
i usually just let my someone have buff if they 're doing it just to avoid tantrums but i think if an adc is really behind chances are that they 're just gon na get oneshot and end up giving the buff to the enemy .
rules were put in place las5 year and we saw btc drop to 30k fast .
parents not caring rising child poverty as a result of capitalism declining rates of social interaction .
he built the front-ends for his powershell scripts in powershell .
powershell itself is capable of using any .net classes and therefore is capable of making gui apps as well as command-line scripts .
make sure you put your onlyfans link in the comments .
it is also encouraged to get verified in the subreddit directions on how to get verified are in the about section .
if you are a creator and want to verify please send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls102 !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls102 if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've also had similar things like this happen .
when i was younger i had a dream kids stabbed me with a pencil and i ran around knocking on doors begging people in random houses to help me .
i 'm not sure if i died but when i woke up i had a red mark and pain where i was stabbed .
it 's pretty strange because i 've been killed many different ways but never woke up to the pain or any marks like that before..
i only ever wake up with anxiety and chest pain even though pain in my dreams feel very realistic .
ah yes old growth oak toilet paper the finest you can find at the luxury toilet paper store
hello just a reminder to everyone to review the rules .
and also to make sure to report posts by spam bots so they can be removed quickly .
shameless plug time feel free to join this sub 's discord server too while you 're at it https discord.com/invite/bgn6aj2
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/genshinimpactnsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
when you see streamers get 0.7 or 0.8 regular enough .
over a 1 kd would be what top 30 ?
wait till u get a chronic ailment or 2 and u would be on that gold plan asap
i would pay money out of my own pocket so keep him off our list
she said i had a heart of stone and something was wrong with me all the while sobbing like the situation was my fault .
i never wanted her to see me vulnerable so she 'd get the upper hand .
she 'd hit me and go for my face with an open hand .
i 'd put my hands up in front of my face to protect myself and she 'd yell do n't you raise your hands to me ! and hit me harder .
then she 'd come in and out of my room for the next hour with one-liner insults .
poxonlox has a great video on this explaining why ehe shouldnt be used and how other ops like finka and iana are better
the mfc and mmc ca n't visit the bastille because of renovation works in progress .
no the author was n't talking about the area or the opera house .
it seems like everyone on here is misunderstanding what is happening with the solend stuff ?
they basically do n't want a bot doing a giant liquidation that will mean the people who lent usdc lose a ton of money .
solana is new tech from the ground up and advertises as a 'beta ' .
i invest in sol but not a ton in leveraged stuff due to the blockchain having issues sometimes .
as an engineer who has created apps on solana i 100 believe the team behind it is very good and i believe they will work out the issues .
sell if you want but i think there 's just a lot of parroting of shitty points and people do n't really understand what 's happening .
i 've had leveraged positions on solana blockchain for over a year now without issues .
just not massive ones and i do n't let them get close to liquidation by adding collateral if needed .
i 'm always really confused about these gloom and doom posts because i do solana transactions literally everyday .
i also get constant job offers just because i can throw together some basic staking contracts .
there 's a lot of smart people in it .
i 100 guarantee it 'll 10x sometime in the next few years from here .
but only if the crypto market recovers a bit .
alright then we will use screenshots from gundam zz next time cus it 's not anime https youtu.be/diik5yabzmu
first major city you go to and it still has everything you need come late game
i remember looking at the world map in 2004 and thinking how cool ardy must be cuz it was so fucking big .
got there and it do n't got shit to do
yeet ushi to all the highest peaks in all regions of teyvat starfell valley-dragonspine bishui plain-the chasm jinren island-enkanomiya and sacrificing sara to the wolflord to finish .
even though i have n't watched kaguya that take on me reference was so good oof
no it 's printed in pla should one day sand it somewhat and paint it in a matching color .
ieri ho scritto con un pennarello indelebile sul mio kindle per essere sicuro che non si tolga la scritta c'è un qualche modo per fissare il colore in maniera diciamo più permanente ?
i always thought it was odd that during underoath 's initial run spencer never did any guest vocal spots or collaborations on solo songs .
it 's a stylising rendering of ottoman-inspired mehter music which was popularised by the empire 's military and janissary corps .
if i 'm not mistaken this is an electronic variant of i̇zmir marşı.
i 'm not really sure i understand the trend .
mehter is still popular in turkey there 's a pretty well-known video of turkish football fans singing ceddin dedin at an international game .
but it seems like a lot of instagram reels and tiktok clips have started appropriating i̇zmir marşı to indicate drama of any sort .
weitere informationen findest du in den community-regeln https www.reddit.com/r/de/wiki/regeln .
falls dennoch fragen bestehen melde dich bitte bei den moderatoren .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/de subject=frage 20bezgl. 20des 20entfernten 20beitrags 20von 20/u/tomtln message=ich 20habe 20eine 20frage 20bezogen 20auf 20diesen 20entfernten 20 beitrag. https www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/vh77e1 3fcontext
but please do n't take a photo with a half head .
r/promoteonlyfans is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/promoteonlyfans if you have any questions or concerns .
guess no one 's picked up on this new tactic of splitting the gop vote .
anyone who posts crap like this is seeking attention .
if you were n't you would have left without the post .
because you certainly did n't think that this post would change the site .
wow a flip sub that doesnt downboat a meme that isnt on their political spectrum .
i think i have most people in this thread beat .
figure id get us a cab back to our places .
we are walking past a gay club and there are people standing outside .
one sees im embarassed and he helps me out and tells her thanks but she needs to calm down .
as we hop in the cab a black women tries to get in too and my date yells get out !
i felt so bad for her yelled at my date .
she dropped a bunch of coins out of her purse on the drive home and i didnt help pick any up .
that is actually not far from what actually happened in the eclipse arc .
they make a huge fuss about the first gay couple ever in all of their movies these days and then it 's reveled to be a blink and you 'll miss it scene that 's easily edited out for countries that have laws against you know non-straight people .
honestly the problem is that this sub is kinda small so there 's no allot of feedback from redditors from this sub and you making a theory like no-one else sees even if that kinda has a place to be so just me doing my job and brightning ppls day have a good one 👍
the gates have always been open when i 've gone through .
stick to the cycle path watch out for the puddles beware of pedestrians on the cycle paths and morons other cyclists going the wrong way so do n't freewheel all the way down to the low point .
dude the whole point of the server is world-building and role-play
the most interesting part is seeing the amount of comments thinking that going vegan is the solution completely disregarding that most of that is also suffering from inflation since many of the products that are used to grow animal foot are the same for crops like fertilizer water infrastructure energy so on and so forth and those also got hit with inflation .
just look at history people hyper inflation never saved a single country economy it did exactly the opposite and yet usa gov/fed when with it seems like they really did n't learn anything
pretty sure this account is fake to be honest .
always the same prompt to not ask for more pictures because he/she/it ca n't get any more and asking for tributes to be sent to an ig account .
someone should probably go ask that ig account if they have any idea of what this reddit account is doing .
i 'd do it myself but i 'm staying off ig for reasons .
i just went through my emails and this is the address that i was sent to recover my account https support.google.com/adsense/troubleshooter/2594929
from memory i spoke with a google rep though i may be mistaken as it was in 2018 however i did recover my account from an email that was no longer active and had not used that adsense account for around 10 years
i did n't care for matrix 4 either but i feel like you must be joking .
the end of matrix 3 is so bad it 's a candidate for one of the worst endings in cinema history .
the matrix was a top 10 movie for me and after i saw the 3rd i dropped the ranking off my top 200 or so because the entire franchise was ruined .
the ending of the third movie basically said everything you just watched for the last 6 hours was completely and utterly pointless .
i 'm so so genuinely sorry about all of that .
not often that a comment leaves me just kind of staring .
ca n't beat it on radiant for the life of me .
amen and thank you♥ thank you so much for allowing the holy spirit to do what he does best save souls .
i believe you will see many you served in heaven .
figure maybe someone like you is responsible for my being in the ministry .
would not have stood a chance raised in false doctrine .
my grandparents went to the lord and read their bibles after leaving jws teachings .
my husband who works retail got pulled into the corner by a supervisor who said wait here. a few moments later the supervisor 's manager showed up looking giddy .
she ushered them both to her office to let him know he 'd recently been mentioned the most often in feedback cards from customers as being the best part of their shopping experience so they the manager and supervisor wanted to give him a reward .
that 's something i 'll gladly take the blame for this time lol .
i wonder what my next challenge will be ... also when the hell will we get a shot at earning kazak ! ? ! ?
lol phillips hong kong art auction is selling shit .
rich fucks are scared of buying art and you bulls think the bear market is over !
even if i had i would still be spending the night in picton after a whole day driving from auckland .
lhr does not affect gaming performance at all stop spreading lies .
in germany you might get the watermelon for 6 bucks .
i do n't give a fuck what they are talking about .
i never said that i said i doubt they would .
but never mind if you just wan na have an attitude forget i said anything have a good one
it will take time and tears but we 've got this .
the cycle breaks we are stronger better people lovers and partners afterwards .
we even get into healthy relationships ... just takes time and a lot of crying ..
there 's something in the uk called a flip flow and it 's basically like a little tube with a switch that attaches into the port of the catheter where the bag would usually be .
it allows the person who has the catheter to not have to wear the bag and they can empty it every few hours or so and it 's very discreet .
some younger people with catheters will opt for this so that they can still wear the clothes they want to .
but to wear tight jeans and a bag does n't really work .
she may have been offered this or definitely came across it in her research before getting a catheter
i saw schindler 's list with my parents so i think you got your answer
i feel this i got 3 local pizza places in my hometown and they all better than big brands but i recently started going to college out of state and the only pizza place near me is dominos 😭
i think you 're being unnecessarily harsh if it were true she was from another country .
let 's say she 's esl and is tired of the different standards men in the us tend to set for themselves .
we do n't have much other context than op saying this without other information on delivery culture tone etc .
´i 'd very much like a man who can pamper me a little and appreciate having dinners at a place like x some gifts now and then and flowers from someone set on dating me seriously.´ then added ‘it 's what we expect in my country . '
she has a right to set some expectations if stated well .
as much as he has a right to refuse them .
this is why this post is lacking extra context and most the reactions are unreasonable .
das liegt meiner meinung nach einfach an der oberflächlichkeit die wir uns geschaffen haben .
ayaka and shenhe talking about why they like aether so much yae teases them while talking with kokomi about the latest light novel
kgbtr'de özel flair almak isteyenler için fiyat listesi ve bilgilendirme https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/ssl2wm c3 b6zel_flair_fiyatlari
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know why you think we are n't taught about the congo crisis but i was back in high school .
sounds like shapps has uncovered the incredible secret that labour is inextricably linked to the trades union movement !
i get abused everytime i say this lol but hello st. topez aint it .
on a seperate note not enough ppl talk about his verse on green ranger and ion get why !
he washed wayne to the point that wayne had to precursor his shid like ion even like this beat '' 🤣
considering his artificial nature and origin it 's entirely possible he 's asexual .
while belos ca n't control his mind directly i see it as entirely plausible that belos did n't build hunter with sexual attraction .
edit i seem to have gotten some down votes on this so let me specify .
i am not implying that people who are asexual are artificial or unnatural in anyway .
it 's just that it would be a useful trait for belos to build into his golden guard .
especially if the hints in his memory are true and indicate that his brother fell for a witch .
if you are a creator and want to verify please send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_anything_goes !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_anything_goes if you have any questions or concerns .
its made with phosphorescent blood of jelly fish to cast its day-glo sarcasm
thats dope just dont commute in rain or snow !
especially snow when the salt is out my bike wires caught on fire from the salt .
which is great until your team mate runs in like an egg and fails a guard break half way through your combo so your heavy finisher hits for 5 damage
girl in the video said that she was fine with it so get a grip champ
the question is not whether you can afford a lamborghini it 's whether you can afford to repair a lamborghini.
keep those rules to yourself if you play with a couple 🙂 no one 's said otherwise that you ca n't have your rules .
when you play with a couple you 're not the only one who 's rules will matter .
and no couple will let the bulls '' rules precede theirs .
and regardless of situation the way ops bull has talked is out of order .
and what your post comes about is defending that which is shitty in itself .
you used the item 'swiss army polearm ' and did 3 extra order damage .
it 's not applicable because it 's literally impossible for you to be pregnant .
not just no i am not was not or will not be .
it 's that you actually ca n't get pregnant which would make it not applicable .
er well uh ... . that or the hundreds of other potential reasons a dog could do this
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
my friend a had asked me to be her bridesmaid as a replacement 3 weeks ago after she had a falling out with her original bridesmaid m .
she had not asked me to be a bridesmaid yet until maid of honor n added me to a group chat where bridesmaid j ruined the surprise .
i reluctantly agreed when a texted me that she meant to ask me in person before n and j said something .
a little backstory is a was supposed to have her wedding in 2020 but could n't because of covid .
i was not invited to her original bachelorette party in 2020 but was allowed to hang out with the entire group the next day and they talked about it .
now n and j bridesmaid ab expect the 4 of us to throw/plan a boujee bachelorette party in lake tahoe .
they expect 14 guests 15 with the bride and all of us to pitch in 200 each for the air bnb food and decorations .
however my problem arose when n and j”agreed that the bride 's younger sister who is 21 should not pay her portion because she 's a baby .
we initially all agreed that the bride obviously should n't have to pay her portion .
i only know the bride her sister and maid of honor out of all the guests .
we all have been meeting via video chat once a week for an hour each time which is extremely time consuming considering the party is planned for november and it 's june .
we made a google docs and started putting ideas together and established who is driving what and who to the cabin .
i told all the bridesmaids that i do not feel comfortable with people riding in my car because i do not like a rowdy crowd in my car and that i would n't mind taking all the stuff in my car to the cabin to set up .
j then decides to push my boundaries and ask to ride in my car to help me set up after i stated i did not want people in my car !
every time i made a suggestion j”would try to change it and everyone else would sit back to agree .
i suggested rose gold gold and silver as the boujee theme and j disagreed wanting ugly christmas colors instead .
i can already tell my personality does n't mesh well with j she brought up one of the guest is a recovering alcoholic which i feel is none of our business and she acts like the guest ca n't control themselves as an adult .
my last straw is today when j decided to use the funds recklessly without having a confirmed headcount and decide to waste money on lotion and hand sanitizers for the bachelorette gifts which will probably end up costing 20 each between the 4 bridesmaids from the agreed upon 200 per person budget.the cabin with fees for a weekend is already about 1,700 and if they do n't want the sister paying as well it will cost 130 alone for everyone else not including food alcohol and decorations .
i feel that i was invited last minute because the bride knows i have the means to get the bridesmaid dress and could pay for my portion of the party without needing time to save up .
am i the asshole for no longer wanting to deal with this disorganized madness ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
yes pretty please let me sit on it for you🤤🤤🥺❤️❤️❤️❤️
it really depends on which park you 're going to but i 'll break it down for each park ...
rides escape from gringotts transformers the mummy if it 's open by the time you visit .
each of these rides can get very busy and have long lines mid day .
also do n't sleep on the bourne stunt show or horror makeup shows they 're must dos .
the taco truck entering the simpsons area is tasty and the leaky cauldron in diagon alley is great for something more hearty .
you really ca n't go too wrong with anything in universal studios honestly .
rides definitely make sure to get to hagrids motorbike adventure as early as you can but if not towards the end of the day .
velocicoaster the incredible hulk and spiderman are all popular as well .
food either three broomsticks thunder falls terrace or mythos restaurant are great for hearty meals but they can be expensive .
they line up in the shotgun and the qb hands it off to the left and he 's caught in the backfield !
2nd and 20. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunnegative message=they 20line 20up 20in 20the 20shotgun 2c 20and 20the 20qb 20hands 20it 20off 20to 20the 20left 20 20and 20he 27s 20caught 20in 20the 20backfield 21 20loss 20of 20 7bnegativeyards 7d 21 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d .
it 's 2nd and 20 on the penn 35 .
do you want to get rescued or not ? !
beaumont-adams is a girl 's gun.. that just makes it plain stupid
everything in that room including you looks dated old and faded .
even the paper you wrote on looks a hundred years old .
i have two kids myself but i once had a dream before kids .
that i had two kids that ioved and then there was a light that slowly faded into a lamp where i was sitting on a couch and realized those children did not exist .
i woke up and practically mourned those non-existent children for a few moments .
oh i never knedw about it that is very high i hope this gets fixed soon ... i have played this game for two months nonstop so i do n't know if ubi team is quick to fix things or they just wait an entire season to do so .
nah its fine i just talked from my pov not facts the people i read in reddit complains for other reasons totally unrelated to what we are talking about rn i mean the unblockable heavys which i think is a good thing and everything .
slept through a pretty big earthquake when i was staying with my grandparents .
evidently no one could wake me up so they just dragged my sleeping bag under the kitchen table .
i was rather confused when i woke up there .
did they install the home charger for free or did you already have it ?
bricked up at the thighs let alone the rest 🤤🤤🤤
if you get in a blind rage and black out especially over something as run of the mill as a cart running into you i sincerely recommend talking to a therapist as soon as possible .
the next time it happens it might not resolve as peacefully for either the other person 's safety or your own .
yeah i get it but the truth is we do n't know anything about op 's local market .
those housing prices strongly suggest rural to me which significantly increases the odds that negotiating is on the table .
bottom line is you said buyers do n't pay realtors .
this is a lie that realtors have told consumers for decades in order to charge completely absurd prices for their services .
they do n't add more than a few hundred dollars worth of value but they get paid tens of thousands .
they are n't smart or particularly hard working they simply benefit from an antiquated commission structure that is defended and justified and perpetuated when people say things like buyers do n't pay realtors . ''
it 's an absurd statement that is false on its face .
pull out your last closing disclosure and tell me where the money for the realtor came from here 's a hint it came from the buyer .
by no means is any fighting game going to be non toxic .
it 's a fight me bro '' scene you got ta give and receive .
i talk allot of shit and people talk shit to me too .
i end up helping some of them then we talk some more shit .
if you ca n't handle a little emote trash talk then i 'm sorry this ai n't for you .
get better and whenever someone does it go try hard .
nothing gets a troll more heated than you taunting back after you 2 stocked them in a row while you 're red .
that 's when they get you with ticket 3 hitting another vehicle .
of listings 90 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22islandgirlbethany 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 0 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20title 3a 22islandgirlbethany 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on
theater c146a best class i ever took katie and daniel were the coolest professors and i learned so much .
the last time i got on 16th street mall bus someone stood up and left at the same time i got on so i took his seat and instantly realized he had peed his pants in the seat ... have n't taken it since
probably ask 1st why the middle east needs to invade europe .
that is the beginning of it all and the force which pulled europeans into n africa levant and the ottoman empire .
i think i first learnt this from reddit a decade ago and i have never ordered anything more than blue since and have never had any problems .
oh yeah i get why bartenders would push but i get it from other people at a party for example .
be comfortable being uncomfortable and others will see your beauty
is a gwp a gift you get for a big purchase i like the cosmic cardboard one it 's a creative idea
it was something to the effect of.. how do you know what it takes to live here when you only visited once .
i was just basing it off my mortgage is half of op 's numbers and we made twice as much as op .
we also have cars and insurance and op said he did not .
but his figures still had my balls twitching so i commented drunk one night .
it 's great entertainment especially if you remove the thought that people really believe it ...
i was listening to gb news yesterday and some guy was arguing the queen was a woke left liberal that needed to toughen up or be removed .
i ca n't thing of an institution that 's more right then the queen lol
it 's amazing because everyone plays it like a team sport now so if he hates the written she has to be leftwing because he ca n't hate his own team player .
10/10 entertainment when they get the gammons calling in though
this is an absurd argument and i sincerely hope you are not being serious .
if you still have to support any version of ie and i 'd bet you do n't you are in a very niche sector and most modern programming articles probably do n't apply to you .
thank you for those recommendations what podcast apps do you folks use i 'm on android darknet diaries is on spotify and pandora i can not find some of them on either not yet anyway
have another go look up pulse night club or parkland in the latter 's case it was police from coral springs that went in
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/petitetits if you have any questions or concerns .
axe would work better as a sword a scythe glaive would need to have whole ass new animations unless we smacking em with the blunt end
i 'd love to give you the gushiest orgasm ever babe xx ❤️❤️❤️🍆🍆🍆💦💦💦🤤🤤🤤🔥🔥🔥
just great the original r/teenagers was already shit and now this one is also just filled with just cute dogs and nothing much .
a common man like vijay patel with his limited resources can investigate this much world lowdu'er ch diji and his 303 govt do sabka biswas and same dna with all the power of this country .
but they uphold christian values so i 'm still going to vote for them .
i thought this was weird too but it turns out it was just happening to all of us and we all collectively stopped talking when we saw discord was frozen and started talking again when it was back .
an execution device that i 'm pretty sure existed according to 1000 ways to die where a roman created a execution machine where it was a bronze bull and you could put a person inside and steam them alive on a fire to where they would be melted alive .
blue boys is 2 stars and mui is only 3 stars for 30 you would atleast need one of them to be 7 stars or more
i do n't think the lada pack is in it .
and what does my comment have to do with a pack that is n't even related to it ?
and the all tournament team was composed of ricky rubio bogdan bogdanovic luis scola marc gasol and evan fournier all guys who have spent most of their careers in the nba .
do n't you dare call our beloved platform a f'ing metaverse
i worry about corruption with coworkers on a security job .
i worry about my safety and protection against them and suspiciously bringing someone dangerous to harrass me on the job .
django does not have orm support for dynammodb i 'll have to rewrite the database handler and create an admin panel myself if i want to switch to dynammodb or any other nosql database .
i said her being opposed to what he is saying creates the dialogue but you ignored that part .
i 'm not even really tryna defend gina i think they are a bad match .
i think flakko has terrible stutters and his takes a predictable i think gina is too tame to even defend her own tameness .
flakko needs go to speech therapy if he 's going to pursue this career cause that stuttering shit is disgusting especially when pressure is appiled .
adam wants the aggression but flakko ca n't really handle it .
i would also love to see your plan if possible .
you are honestly missing out if you have not joined them already
r/backview ass asshole asscheeks and everythign else you see from behind !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/universitygirls if you have any questions or concerns .
that is not a realistic scenario for even the worst player in the nba .
nobody goes through years of therapy and hrt and testosterone blockers to transition for sports .
now are cis women and cis men on the same playing field when it comes to most sports ?
i do not think you will find anyone who will legitimately say they are .
a trans woman who has transitioned and is currently taking testosterone blockers and estrogen is not on the same playing field as cis men either .
the longer she is on that drug cocktail the closer her performance to an average cis woman will be .
if she took puberty blockers her performance is near identical to the average cis woman .
that is the average cis woman btw not the average female athlete .
trans people make up about 0.5 of the population .
they are not going to be holding any world titles anytime soon .
dieses argument finde ich so abwegig dass ich gar nicht weiß was man dazu sagen soll .
vermutlich unterstellst du mir eine naive sicht von alles was es in der natur gibt muss es auch beim menschen geben .
das ist mitnichten der fall und da kann man eigentlich nur mit schwarz-weiß-denken drauf kommen .
um dir gegenüber missverständnisse zu vermeiden nein ich finde vergewaltigung oder das umbringen von artgenossen nicht ok .
you could fuck me for hours i would drain every load you could give me .
i 'll milk you cock with my throat and my ass
watched my mother get taken by als as well 5 years ago .
ca n't imagine losing my mom in highschool though .
it 's not criminal it 's just long held conservative strategy to turn the public against the idea of government in general .
defund defund agency/program so that it can not work properly
illinois policy institute wire points crains 's op ed page
oh yeah and watch my load dripping from your asshole
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccer if you have any questions or concerns .
you are a wild animal with a brain adapted to living in a setting of hunting ans gathering maybe a bit of pastoral agriculture .
it is technology and society that has tamed you .
if this is an actual quote from him i 'm very disappointed
this is exactly what happens when you hire religious extremists to the sc .
ca n't wait til a muslim family demands equal treatment of using our taxpayer to send their kids to the madrassa in the next town over .
panzergrenadier squads had two machine guns per squad one of which was optionally mounted i 'm the rear of the half-track .
grenadier squads by doctrine always had one machine gun on the books .
volksgrenadier storm platoons '' which were supposed to be formed around the new weapon actually had the pair of machine guns in its own weapons squads and the maneuver squads were intended to be equipped exclusively with assault rifles though this was n't universally available .
that 's just the by the books though machine guns panzershrek and rifle grenades were supposed to be organically available and would be integrated as the platoon leader needed in the same manner as the us did .
i had some guy follow me around most of the night it got to the point where i was starting to get uncomfortable .
at one point i just stared at him did n't respond to his small talk and eventually said no really loud .
he got uncomfortable got the picture and backed away .
i 'm assuming he does n't want to see one .
talk to a therapist and ask for help see what kind of advice they have to offer .
check with the school what is going to happen under what circumstances
instead of wondering what could happen regarding being charged yourself and/or your kid being taken away from you go talk to child services and find out what can happen and under what circumstances .
after you 've talked with a therapist the school and child services take some time and think what you want .
brute force taking away devices does n't 'work ' with all kids .
some kids just dig their heels in even more .
some teenagers are n't reasonable and ca n't handle their emotions .
leveling with them is like leveling with a screaming 2 month old .
i 'm not saying give him back his devices btw !
i 'm saying it 's a complicated situation that could use a professional opinion .
i have 1 example where it turned out ok. my sister stopped going to highschool in year 11 .
it took a while for my parents to figure it out .
after the emotional rollercoaster the first few months my sister agreed with my parents to see a therapist and did for over a year .
my parents still have no idea what was discussed the therapist only told my parents to back off .
she started school the following year completed high school went to uni of her choice finished among the first and has been working for over a year .
it was very difficult for everyone in the family .
she still is a quiet person does n't talk much but has her life that she keeps to herself .
showtime or hbo played pretty baby in the middle of the day sometime in the 2000s .
put that thing back where it came from or so help me
same thing happened to me except i was walking and got hit by someone with a terrible insurance policy .
if i had n't had dual insurance coverage from my parents at the time i would 've been stuck with six-figure bills for an accident i did n't cause .
it 's easy to see how having already-born kids in that situation would be a recipe for stress and financial instability .
one day you 're getting along fine on the budget you have and the next you 're paying off medical debt losing income if the damage was bad enough to force you to stop working and physically mentally recovering from the incident on top of that .
once a girl says that she does n't like you and probably never will .
and you being a boston fan wo n't help you see it but there definitely was a racial element at play .
honestly the way you guys talk about your own players was also sorta jarring .
tatum did n't have a great series but i was surprised how many fans felt they were entitled for him to be lebron and the disparaging comments they made when he was n't up to that metric
no reason for them to consciously fuck their customers over .
bro i have had my account for 4 years specifically for gafs .
i capped when it was 50 flair and i had transactions on top of that and now i called at 250 flair and i have had some on top of that too .
with everyone 's advice i was able to clear it .
took someone 's low-cost sniper and supplemented the right side and then focused on the left .
i find pleasing that the f90 can be held with one hand vertical and against the body reducing silhouette with good clearance from the ground .
maybe it 's oddly specific but it is what it is .
basically split damage is a mix of two damage types .
look at a weapons stats and you 'll notice a bunch of damage types either with 0 or a value next to it .
the fact that you think everyone has a rape dungeon leads me to believe you view rape dungeons as pretty normal .
can i call the cops on you and have them choke you until i am satisfied that you do n't have a rape dungeon ?
you literally are though ... the fact that you are so defensive and ca n't see it shows how dense you really are .
i feel for your sister and mother to have to quietly deal with a moron
even if you get the code you have to be paying with amex .
keep the neophytes away from them prone to sticking their heads in things
currently your account is too new or does not have enough total karma to post here .
please spend some more time on reddit and then try again another time we will be happy to have you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amihot if you have any questions or concerns .
and now we 've learned our lesson to not have a 3800 coffee table our where a puppy can find it .
seriously if you have things you value do n't leave them at puppy height .
do you think that in the intervening years things have moved in the direction of or in an opposite direction from the tone of this article ?
so consistently getting double digit goals in the last 5 pl seasons is considered a bad finisher ?
bro same i didnt expect him to be so ripped
the current white box release they previewed looks like mr crabbs daughter 😂
i 'm not going to get into a reddit debate over what jamal murray 's label should be returning from injury .
feel free to disrespect him now the label will be earned shortly .
charlie would never do such a things and i 'm fairly sure it 's a joke
the only one i thoroughly remember is pee dot com .
the rest was just random bs we typed in and then clicked on banners and links within the sites for a while
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubeselfpromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
it only works if the other side accepts it .
as i have proven with many other propaganda wars .
so now i trying to imagine thom doing rap with ed 's back vocals and jonny 's modular synth .
but if this is possible i think that thom will be inspired by rhcp if he 'll do the stuff
the marincess support in the set is pretty great .
getting use to working in vr is a hard task and most will be frustrated with the new ui and be less productive .
and even me a person who spends hours in vrc would never want to work in vr due the display limitation and lack of good input .
i drink as much diet coke as trump—it 's certainly a very different taste than regular coke .
i just prefer the taste of diet drinks same with snapple .
kgbtr'de özel flair almak isteyenler için fiyat listesi ve bilgilendirme https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/ssl2wm c3 b6zel_flair_fiyatlari
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
however it depends on your age and how fast your body breaks down calories into energy metabolism .
younger people tend to burn calories faster so lip fillers do n't last as long .
that is why people go to get lip injections constantly .
now i have no clue if it stretches out your skin as a result .
however skin has elasticity so i figure with time they 'll go back to completely normal .
i guess that probably depends on how old you are how long you 've been getting filler how many ccs you went for etc .
i 'm not sticking up for anyone here nor defending anyone i think the above example is a goddamn travesty .
i just wanted to stop the spread of misinformation that lip fillers are forever '' as they certainly are not .
i bet plenty of people wish they were though .
lip implants are forever i think anyway but those are decently rare and much more expensive .
also the healing time/process is an actual surgery ... not a quick outpatient procedure like getting lip injections .
that said i wonder if i can patent it and charge royalties everytime it happens ...
what is most upsetting about this is that it was put out by a medical practice .
lol have you seen any news about the cops in the states at all ?
of course our cops here would do shit like that
i 'd need to see cops pov of setting up like that before i believe it because if what you say is true that is ultimate scum shit
yep i too had to take a break from the effects of the instants .
jif which is a blend of melo melo palarasul and boroguru .
makes me hesitant to try palarasul as i have had melo melo by itself and that one is ok .
so far i am loving boroguru from r p the most out of them .
in the us most employment is at will meaning that you stay only as long as you want and they can dismiss you without any reason and they do not have to pay any severance etc .
but there are no mandated notice periods etc although giving two weeks notice is customary .
you can get a personality and come out already .
someone told me to have fun again on dt .
if it were up to the financiers of publications like the mail co there would be a night a year where effigies of workers would be burnt and muscadin posses would roam the night clubbing anyone on the street that earns less than 80k a year .
doing the ng with the ps5 finished it on ps4 originally i come to realize just how silly and true to some ceo 's form the portrayal is .
when listening to the recordings i would have been nice for aloy to have put ceo '' down after she warned him not to enter that last area .
if that happens he 'll be at the back of the pack consistently .
he has done jack shit wherever he 's been .
thanks for the advice and i do n't mind the carbon fork tbh .
just trying avoid full carbon as i 've seen quite a few break or damaged .
you do nco pt '' in the morning class is 09-1600 then ur released you can go back to youre barracks room go to they gym go eat off post literally whatever u want obviously within reason
i uh had something not entirely dissimilar in nyc in 1986 .
yes provided that the judges are fair '' but i wo n't be surprised if it does n't .
so funny to hear john talk about wanting his hair to grow out and look like bjorn 's but instead he got well this .
water changes are the best way to lower nitrates .
put in the bong w a bed of ashes 💕
or go to the stores and look at the shelves .
it 's especially hard if they need a special formula .
avs would be sweeping this series with john gibson ijs
it 's a thing that 's been around antiquity .
except now instead of being debutantes and socialites and philosophers and other products of generational wealth they actually have to put some work in .
you might think it 's a vapid career and maybe it is a little bit but no one was out there calling picasso vapid because he painted a bunch of self-portraits .
at the end of the day it 's just another art .
and just like any art some little do it well and respectfully and professionally and have an interesting point of view and a lot to say while others are damien hirst assholes who destroy oranges .
idk why but i always love to quote this line skibbedy-be-bop a-christopher reeves
sonny bono skis horses and hittin ' some trees ''
gigabyte m28u is a good option for this tho .
personally i have excessive clutter but i can never find my snake in his tank so i think you have a good balance of what looks good and makes finding your snake easy to what makes your snake happy .
i used to be big fat and one thing i miss is that people did get out of my way .
sure it was fear or disgust of catching the fat '' but they got out of my way .
i always thought that you made more and i had no idea about your expenses .
we work the same hours though make no mistake about that .
the bag looks like it 's covered in dirt ?
also there is a freaking piece of in there wtf
we arent even judging him we are judging our pre-conceived expectation of society which was reinforced in this post .
on the other hand if youre gon na be stranded anywhere id wan na be a guy
my local thrift had a broken one for 180 recently .
i 'm just here for the summer but it 's a cool spot to be for a few months .
i 'm playing in my gfs slutty thongs right now .
would really like to play with that cock at the same time !
weird science is so fun but the premise is too inappropriate for today .
his behaviour actually concerns me to the point i would n't want him to be responsible for small children in a pool .
i 'd be afraid he would n't be watching them like he should be at all 🙃🙃🙃
you say you play switch so why do you play switch over mobile because i can presume you have a phone .
which is the direct consequences of those snowflakes who start flagging those historical stuff as offensive .
remember 8 or 9 years ago when slurs insult and heck even literal gore can be shown in videos because people would n't bat an eye to it so youtube was loose on explicit contents back then .
but the sudden rise of these snowflakes across many platform including yt forced it to become more restrictive nowadays .
so imo most of the blame here would be on those snowflakes who are unfortunately somewhat majority
this is when governments need to but very strict rules on the ownership of these vehicles .
prohibiting them is probably not really feasible but making it prohibitively expensive would be a step in the right direction .
and of course all that tax money can go to further improving public infrastructure .
if anyone 's got the old tired but some people need them and ca n't afford exorbitant taxes '' no no one actually needs those they are a luxury if you want luxury shit pay for it
if you are doing any serious calculations you are almost certainly using metric .
imperial is for day to day shit because we 're all used to it .
check out these new subs in the sexyplus network ... where chubby reigns surpreme !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
they might be able to get a chick with that but is it gon na last ?
they do n't have any long term thinking whatsoever .
you can not transfer from ps3 to psp anymore .
my future cultists shall be very pleased in more ways than one .
they do spin offs only for good or really good shows .
why would you do spin off to already bad show ?
so statistically speaking there would never almost never possibility of
it is hard to be successful twice using similar story characters cast .
usually by the time original show is over everyone is ready to move on to different universe characters so people lose interest in spin off every though they loved original .
add all and many other possibilities and it is no wonder that the chance of spin of being as good as original is low it is possible but does not happen often
noise makers should be limited to something you can blow or bang .
i say corner in the grocery store sometimes without thinking
i stopped being a fan of what they are almost 20 years ago .
i 'll always be a fan of what they were but as long as they keep up this garbage i 'll keep commenting on it and i 'm not only talking about backing tracks .
the eric/peter and tommy/ace charade is still a joke too .
23andme connected second cousins and we figured it out .
it was that or call the cops who would arrest him .
he was n't hurting anyone just send him on his way .
yeah genocide has had an accepted meaning for a while and has had nothing to do with wanting a countries borders off the map .
i do n't care about the destruction of a nation i care about the destruction of humanity .
medication if you take any how full your stomach is before you trip .
mood before taking them the setting could have been different .
shrooms are not all the same in potency either even though they may be from the same flush .
get yourself some of that n2o for your next journey .
how would a person know if a cat food is not good '' 🤔
not evil goliath chaos but some fun gutteral heavy elaborate fun ass shit .
i think it sounded amazing overall and i was nervous to listen .
they majority of kids are not sexually abused again thankfully .
they did do it in the us also as part of the promotion for carrie movie remake https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vloxlsor3\_m
better opportunities for other children or even future children .
i 've been trying to find a good shader for drang with that ornament so it looks more similar to that strum ornament .
if your pain responds to opioids and you can still obtain them there 's no reason to quit them unless you can no longer tolerate them .
do n't jump on the opioids bad '' band wagon which is more of a moral panic than it is based on science or fact .
chronic pain patients that are helped by opioids should be able to continue them .
unregulated drugs like kratom and cannabis may be or may become illegal .
sources may be unreliable leaving you in pain between purchases .
purity is not governed by any any regulation so you may get undesirable chemicals with them .
opioids do n't help my pain and i 'm limited to acetaminophen due to being on blood thinners .
alcohol helps but i have to be at abusive levels and i do n't want to be drunk all the time .
cannabis and topical pain relievers are my go to and i 'm in a legal state that strictly regulates cannabis for purity .
but do n't give up opioids because of peer pressure .
the tide is already turning back to allowing them for pain patients since restricting them has had zero impact on the so-called overdose crisis '' .
for his size '' is a fancy way of saying he isnt quick enough laterally to get around screens lmao .
the only time the national guard is federal is under tilte 10 .
the equipment is the property of the state in most cases .
the are exceptions like communications security devices and similarly categorized items .
the 170k service members with texas as their home of record will be residents/citizens of a foreign country ... .. you did n't think through did you ?
i do n't even know what it takes for something to be considered artificially intelligent to be honest lol that 's why i posted though .
also appreciate you not being a dick so many people have been getting so butt hurt over me asking questions about things lately
it was one of the first multicore available devices for cheap
god forbid we even imagine a world where vehicles do n't run our lives .
make public transit a reality where a person does n't have to own a vehicle .
we spent 102 million for three fucking miles of light rail ?
but it 's a fight to expand our bus system .
i have two bichons and after these pets are gone i will never get another dog i know already looking at this that i will never be able to do it again they are too adorable and are like my kids i will be heartbroken i am so sorry for your loss charlie is sitting behind me on my chair licking my ear as i write this bless him .
it was his dads and my grandparents do n't know jack about guns lol
they all came from a church that voted against open affirming .
i had a vhs copy of mitchell in college and my roommate loved it so much he played it until it wore out .
i am planning to buy a hefty bag when prices decline another 50 .
that said once i get all my bags i will stake for 3-5 years before i touch it again .
apy is important but more importantly is the ease and security of staking and unstaking .
gil could not fire a single weapon and was retreating throughout the fight .
shirou didnt have to pull servant levek feats out of his asd
which is n't really drastically different except for acrobatics as said ?
gil in the anime screaming that he is losing his ground
and i would have loved to see anime onlies react to vn version oh god what a shit show it would have been .
i meam he did already or did you forget ?
i meant it to be in the same level of naruto of course
hi i ordered this swimsuit for my wife in the belief it was a post surgery swimsuit .
we searched for post surgery swimsuit and i 'm convinced that this swimsuit was advertised as such .
it is obviously no use for my wife as she requires pockets .
i would buy a new one just because of that .
if someone hijacks the top comment to drop the most relevant information in the thread that everyone needs to know it 's a good thing .
your job is not to try and fight them .
ignore the gayness it does n't bother me and it still looks incredibly boring and uncreative .
part of the fun of toy story are the toys doing extraordinary things to accomplish simple human tasks .
sure but with that logic it 's a gamble .
wayyy better controllers out there that are solid worth the price .
so hell just go once every three conveniently on days they forget to unlock the doors so nobody but him was there .
description in today 's episode kate and emma discuss how wellness transformed from a mere concept to a trillion dollar industry .
we speak about capitalism social signifiers personal responsibility appropriation morality the rise of personal fitness commodification of self-care and how wellness has become a new-age religion to arrange power relations .
we conclude the conversation by talking about what the future of community building in wellness means in an era of rampant individualism and consumerism .
i 've taught grades 1-3 and now i teach high school .
i worked harder teaching elementary school than i 've ever worked in high school !
and german shepherds are in the top five most likely to bite too .
i had dropped in to say that 's about two years income back then .
got an amazing head high on the bittersweet the first rip .
started adding it into my cbd flower and i have been so productive ...
congresspeople are n't scientists and ca n't write effective regulations on things outside of their area of expertise for the smarter congresspeople that 's usually law .
for the dumber congresspeople all they 're good at is getting elected .
do you want lawyers deciding how to protect the environment regulate the stock market and decide whether drugs are effective ?
how to tell me you read the article but did n't critically think about it for even one nanosecond
it 's the whole damn corporate wing of the party .
your situation is a unique one a lot of ppl woulda have crumbled given your circumstances of infection but you got mental strength and i 'm assuming surrounded by caring ppl .
we were n't talking about enacted laws we were talking about what is acceptable subject of discussion on discussion forums .
but that being said there is regulatory creep on these matters from parents not being told of their children 's health matters to title 9 violations for not allowing trans women to compete in female sports under obama .
misgendering legal bans on transitioning and sports participation are not a middle ground .
there is a massive amount of overton window in every single issue you 've just raised lets be specific .
from full blow they 're mental and should be locked up on the right to full blown trans women are indistinguishable from cis women in every way and should be treat exactly the same on the left .
should there be any circumstance where people should be compelled to use gender pronouns divergent of someones sex ?
should there be any circumstance where an individual is stopped from self identifying and going through complete medical transition ?
should there be any stipulations on whether someone is trans is medically fit to compete with their assumed gender in sporting activities ?
i would just create a world and check the nether if it is good i would transfer the nether world file
this gives me the ability to play football manager through my browser on my work laptop ... oh dear .
'you 're a hecking chonker pvt pyle ' is absolutely cracking me up
beautiful hair on the dog and it does the high jump🐶💪
think of it as if all of us are just a hive mind made to solve just this one problem .
from january 2020 to march 2021 is over a year i 'm sure his wife would have wanted him to be happy no ?
he 's young and as much as it hurts to lose a partner at that age i think he deserves to find some happiness
i 've had a similar thought to your title but man you are taking the name too literal .
who gives af about a circular definition ? just enjoy the clothes i 've not been disappointed by an outfit yet
if everyone 's on iem and the guitarist brings his own wedge you should n't need your pa in the rehearsal room .
the fact that people kept on going after he said i got a ticketed to the new venom movie and clifford the big red dog ''
people are also grinding mewtwo for the xl candy .
are the same people going to grind mega energy from essentially the same raid later on ?
i 'm trying to stay moderate and feel like i 've already caught more mewtwo than i have use for even before this raid rotation .
there will be another source of candy xl eventually .
and if there will not i 'll just accept that it is pay to win and laugh whenever i win in gbl against picks greatly outpacing my own investments .
she 'll have access to that spell through sorcery .
obviously he has dunks but majority of his points are not above the rim dunks .
the majority of his points are generated by layups if you actually watched some games instead of highligts you would see that .
must be nice not having serious repercussions from a dui .
i thought it was just a cathartic choice of words ...
people are absolutely free to do whatever they like with the characters .
and yassify '' was a poor choice of words .
were it not 8:30 am when i made the comment i might have chosen better/more carefully
which will increase demand for gas which will prevent us from building supply only accentuating this high price issue .
these politicians are like alcoholics trying to drink themselves sober ...
edit nevermind i see it was a vfx thing when you turned the video green .
i assumed it was the magnetic ballasts doing it at first..
that means it is n't ready for prime time it still needs testing to make sure when it is fully released the users are n't put off by obvious bugs .
paid testers are great and they undoubtedly did use them in the alpha actual users of the product are 1 less costly 2 more prone to doing unexpected things that break the software finding bugs in the process 3 stress-testing the backend the part that makes it work that you do n't see and lastly 4 are proving beyond doubt the wallet can generate income for gamestop .
i try to help out as much as i can i used to go to the malls alot and post sneakers that would drop since i work across the street from a big mall in toronto
the og had orange splatter on one disc and the second had purple .
i remember when my gran died i shit in the tesco frozen isle .
you know this is fake because mcdonalds would mever contract a company to do this like they are legally supposed to .
they would just make some poor cashier do it and if they are lucky they would choose someone who is at least over the age of 18 first .
so cuphead the delicious last course is coming out on the 30th right ?
it 's not on the sidebar and not a lot of posts regarding it on the front page ...
it was definitely my favorite interview she 's ever done .
i mean i would n't describe getting hanged by an angry mob and almost dying when actually a child committed the murder as 'teen drama ' p but i get what you mean .
and yeah the last season was way too rushed and didnt explain much things .
i 've just this week started with a new company doing the same job as before .
things seem less intense here so far but i 'm trying to be as prepared as possible in case it comes up and to relieve any anxieties .
dude if you are able to find one for that cheap and they actually give me one i 'll give u 5 for looking for me
all i 'm saying is it 's slightly better in some places than others .
my bf hates his hometown and where we live now due to the politics of the state but he says at least there 's things to do besides drive up and down main street .
form of contact you can just pm me on reddit
offer i can censor girls not done lazily and it ends up looking very nice .
previous work i 've done is in my post history
availability pm me whenever offer pretty much always stands .
unless i 'm sleeping or forget to check this account then i 'll respond back to you
the wet wet 's comforts are not to be underestimated young one .
north ave has trash cans at most major bus stops
ditto bulbasaur and 2 meltans i accidentally used my box towards the end of the journey 😅
i 've never heard of anything like this and immediately my antennas are up.. this does n't sound like something that would be your responsibility .
firstly are you even written into the grant ? !
are you going to be able to speak to the progress re the deliverables/milestones ? ?
how are they going to handle the effort certification if you 're involved.. yeah no you should n't be pi imo.. this is bad business..
i would suggest posting to res-adm and asking the group .
this is the perfect kind of question for the listserv .
yeah but there are n't any lights in my balcony which is where they come .
one says cunt a lot more and is less likely to have a gun .
as a general rule i do n't pay women to look at them .
if other people do it well simps will inevitably suffer maybe this is more controlled and safe environment for it to happen than say marrying a gold digger .
hitler and others have done it in the past .
not sure that 's company you would want to be involved with .
hmm ... could use eclair instead of madeline for world
thank you for your input it was quite helpful .
i gave myself a week to think about the dresses i tried on and kept coming back to the same one in my mind .
i 'm sure i was probably one of the most subdued/pragmatic brides they worked with haha .
they even sounded surprised when i called the shop to order the dress .
🤦‍♀️ but i unzip the garment bag and look at that sucker all the time i 'm so excited to wear it !
russian oligarch 's arses must be full of dandruff then.. 🤭
it 's funny how in episode 3 during the barn scene after clem does the zombie walk james still refuses to help clem and she then has to convince him and tell him what the raiders are doing is still wrong .
but if you think about it if you kept james alive he was trying to force his ways '' upon aj .
that is a little hypocritical on james part if you ask me .
i still prefer that lilly dies instead of him but james needed to hear that everyone ca n't accept his philosophy .
did you not watch the dsk arc where he purposefully took all the blame to shield the other heroes from criticism ?
'' ..men looking like gas station hot dogs that have been on the roller too long ''
i so want to try and remember this comment next chance i might have to use it !
is n't the rate just the vote counts divided into a percentage ?
the fuzzing would change the rate unless we 're talking about something else ?
when the government prints unlimited money it devalues every other dollar in circulation until we control printing if money and sending it to foreign countries we will be in a state of uncontrollable inflation .
this is poor governance of federal banking to ensure there is no middle class in canada .
my mom is in the hospital and i put this on her ipad .
not entirely true because similar species of the same genus can also interbreed .
a great example is homo neanderthalensis and homo sapien or wolves canis lupus and dogs canis familiaris .
the idea of human subspecies is no longer accepted in modern anthropology .
however in the case of dnd races i like to imagine the reason why crossbred races can exist is because magic trumps biology .
what 's awful is we needed to hit about 30 dollars an hour before the pandemic just add 10 on top of that given how horrific inflation has become on everything we require to survive
i see you may have posted about a sugar mama .
you are very unlikely to find a sugar mama .
this question has been asked numerous times and has already been answered .
please see the wiki answer to how do i find a sugar mama ?
i also suggest that you read yes it 's a scam and this is how it works r/sugarlifestyleforum/comments/k2b1j6/yes_its_a_scam_and_this_is_how_it_works_2020 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sugarlifestyleforum if you have any questions or concerns .
briley west around to whites creek pike head north .
i 'm not on this combat flyer have n't touched airliners since xp10 but can someone tell me what this model does ?
i used to fly the eadt x737 back in the day so i 'm a little familiar with the type wondering what it is that pmdg did n't include that started all this drama
atleast you get an additional hdmi 2.1 port that way .
i personally have a a denon setup like listed above but simplicity is king and the x1700h still has issues with vrr gaming
the digital games are exclusive to the country 's eshop that they were bought in .
you could try logging in with your na eshop account .
will you be selling signed copies of your book ?
also i just wan na let you know your comics are the funniest shit ive ever seen and the only thing i enjoy more are the reactions from people that i show your comics to .
my absolute favorite comic that makes me laugh every time is the dobby cumsock one .
it 's a clone of the main case but loses the elastic so it ca n't hold a power adapter and gains the little flap inside .
i mean adele 's vocal surgery vs beyonce 's lack of surgery is n't really relevant to ability .
again you 're welcome to enjoy beyonce 's singing she 's certainly a good singer .
she 's not the tip top and again this is all more subjective than you give it credit for .
this should just be for all news outlets they all spew bs .
0/10 checking in im still up on points bro fight me .
irons sights and half my screen covered with the map .
do you really think i shoot at people in this game ?
this is so sweet i hope they are happy together for a very long time 🥹
i 'm at least thankful they have not yet contradicted aos .
so far there 's nothing to suggest that the show is n't 616 .
your submission has been removed because erections are no longer allowed on r/ratemynudebody .
please resubmit with a picture showing your penis in a flaccid or semi-flaccid state .
multiple violations of this rule may result in a ban .
even when i 've been a member of a group i 've never felt like part of that group girl scouts sorority various school clubs etc. .
too autistic for nt spaces not autistic enough for nd spaces .
something always just feels off and in the moment i 'm never able to identify exactly why .
my adhd and depression have been getting in the way but i 'm in the process of starting my own youtube channel so i can at least feel like i have a space of my own to just sort of send things out into the void .
then if anyone happens to find it and relate to it then great !
if it never grows/goes anywhere at least i will have shown myself to the world and tried to find whatever community might be able to relate to me .
seems fair they 're getting free stuff from the casinos seeing as how the casinos get lots of free money from them .
she can still work hard and learn responsibility and learn what her rights are at the same time .
also employment is between a person and their employer not an employer and the workers parents .
i did n't even say they were all crap .
why are you responding as if i said your personal product is shit ?
some basic schooling but not a lot of practice writing sentences and paragraphs .
much love to your grandma whose lack of education probably came from a mix of sexism and poverty .
i like the current color but i think you 'd pull off the pink super well !
well the third option is to be happy and get some facial treatments that combat aging .
i think she 's taken the fillers too far but i fully support any person who wants to freshen up their aging skin .
i ca n't handle any of the harbor beaches .
water is brown and the view is just container ships .
good for him but what does the guy on the right do ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lar4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to use only my mxr di to go to foh before i got my hx stomp .
now i use the hx stomp for my amp and cab sim and basic fx and use my mxr di as solely a di box with a bit of tone shaping at the end of the chain .
now i do n't but i 'm old and have kids .
i had a snotty teen come in and demand a quality promise just because they did n't like a pair of second hand leggings that were years old !
i did n't even know what type of legging it was probably bought it off poshmark or somewhere else !
young teens and other people abuse the qp which is why stores have to get strict .
however if someone comes in and is honest/i can see it in the profile sure i 'll give them whatever they want !
my first pregnancy as soon as i gave birth they stopped checking my sugars and told me to go for it on whatever i wanted to eat .
factoring that i only charge to 90 and try not to go below 10 i get about 300km of range from about 60/40 highway/city .
it 's a bit sad that i ca n't really clock in for 400km but still happy about it too🙂
every bipoc i 've ever met in the usa has been traumatized in a similar way .
edit it 's even worse if you had a military family .
do n't you dare cry either then you 're just a bitch and now they will give you something to cry about .
communication might be hard but yeah if he can frag
but i have two i 'm trying to transition onto raps from mice
i finally got him to eat a live rat pup last week but the end goal is to get him on ft .
he 's in shed this week so i guess i 'll find out next week .
this only goes to show that someone like elon needs to buy reddit to stop the bias .
thanks for posting u/naughtygirl69_.to all the people commenting feel free to give your honest opinion but comments must be free from insults ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickwhitegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i end up with only bread at the end .
do you know what an oil and vinegar sandwich tastes like ?
i know quite a bit about the civil war but not very much about lincoln 's favorite plays
i can guess what his least favorite would be though
or things that do n't show up on my profile but work with the link .
do it and i promise that it will be the best end of the night you will ever have 😈😈😈
does the fact that i am central european show a lot ?
having been a colony in the past does n't make your culture european .
outside of kazakhstan and turkey every other countries listed are european .
it 's so obvious i ca n't even see why we debate that and even the european countries ruled out entirely an adhesion of morocco for this very reason they are not europeans period .
lmfao at the fact that is oil goes with the theme
the point is anyone can do it but only a small set of people would be able to do the job well .
trump would have been able to pull it off if he was n't a psychopathic racist lying narcissistic con man .
if you put someone on the ticket that is logical compassionate and has sound political ideas i 'm all for that person regardless of their previous career .
jon stewart is just another one that checks those boxes .
lol yeah same here microsoft took their time but yeah
it does make sense it is the classic herbalist aesthetic !
i 'm kind of disappointed that i did not think of that !
it was shit for so many patches ... .it was very very situational still kinda is and was only bought against dooms and maybe batrider still kinda is and on squishy cores who could be bursted down as you mentioned morph and weaver but for the price it was never worth getting and it was buffed again and again and again till some people started purchasing it now i think the nerf it received is the only nerf linked ever received in past 3-4 years other than that it was buffed again and again and still nobody bought it
and it also fell greatly after items like lotus and aeon disk were introduced ... .lots of factors
this looks like it would be alright if you 'd cooked it in a pan .
7 year old me would be in bed before the light even closed .
not quite altria has even started prepping for cigarettes to be banned they even called for it with phillip morris within the decade .
they have fully prepared to go all in with e-cigs
the irony of these kinda men only making me even more gay lmao
next step is to make sure your ticket system sends e-mails to the person making the ticket .
maybe another e-mail for every major change made to the ticket .
may convince the vp not to spam their own inbox .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
you said someone already tried to pay for something you definitely want to block the card and get a new one .
these days amazon is on strike and they apply section 3 to many sellers .
i am wondering if they have a space gun cause i would absolutely blow my brains out .
nothing would make me lose my mind more than a bunch of asshats playing annoying terrible music stuck in a capsule in space .
it 's almost as bad as the tool bags that bring their guitars to a party and try to impress the ladies meanwhile sucking it up while they try their best rendition of time of your life by green day .
ca n't shit your pants if you 're not wearing any .
whether you got all a 's or all c 's you still got the same degree as everyone else .
there 's the old joke what do you call someone who graduated last in their class in medical school ?
this sub is going down a path i ca n't follow .
also if you have n't already remember to join our discord server https discord.gg/vwdnbde !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/family if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like we are the good place workers from the show the good place
r/verifiedfeet our biggest and primary foot page dedicated to high quality verified foot models
r/verifiedsexy for models who want to show more than just feet
r/verifiedfeetgifs specifically for feet videos gifs and tiktok foot content
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/publicfeetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
and to top it off from a purely practical standpoint would you really want to be married to someone who throws away 10 of their income to a 100billion corporation ?
i do n't think part member relationships have any tithing responsibilities .
so they can pay 0 and be in good standing .
you are using 7n6 so the bullet curved after hittin the guy you shot at d
oh yeah says the guy who wants a skinny white girl to put her buttcheeks on his face.
i did my emba some years back and there were a handful of other veterans .
we all got our full program paid for by gi bill and 100 bah .
i suppose you can email the va and confirm but this was my experience .
yes you did do something wrong because you were n't in an open relationship at the time .
red to find a trees 100 's of years old .
i 'm an atheist and not a believer in the supernatural but i 've always seen 'pagan ' religions that venerate animals offer respect and thanks even when as you say killing for food/clothing etc and appreciate the land we live on and feel a duty to caretake it make so much more sense and seem more moral to me than more popular religions .
i first thought the pic was a bird dropping .
but i just ca n't make it through the books .
there 's only one king on the enemy team and they are not subjected to your orders
you can try to read some posts on r/limerence to see some extreme examples of romantic attractions .
in my case i was thinking at her every minute i was awake craving for her presence and feeling in agony when realizing that we 'll never be close or together .
it 's not rules '' at all ... . it 's just a physical fact .
no one agreed to it no law '' is written .
if russia launches nukes on the usa the usa and other nato nations with nukes will launch back .
if usa launches on china china will launch back .
so once the first salvo is launched it creates a cascading effect of nations launching to defend themselves .
and that will cause hundreds or thousands of nukes to go off which kills off pretty much all life on earth .
mad means launching a nuke is game over '' ... and no one can argue with that logic .
people break international laws all the time ... but no one is willing to risk trying to break mad ... because the risk of annihilation is so high .
i 'm taking lessons and really just trying to practice my contact .
so on the course i 'm there to practice and have fun .
so i 'm not opposed to finding some grass to hit off of
its actually kindof stupid and nonsensical but to each their own
i am wildly upset at artorias being number 25 .
it 's like a dude just slapped me in the face .
i was in buckhead when i did the starbucks order .
and druid hills when i did the mcdonald 's order .
the starbucks order was first thing in the morning and the mcdonald 's order was after midnight .
if you know anything about atlanta then you know buckhead and druid hills are n't considered the lower end part of town .
the day i did the starbucks order was my last day doing deliveries .
this makes me wince literally everything is wrong w this picture and a suckerfish being in there is even worse they can suck on the slime coat of an axolotl
danke fürs rüberkopieren ich hab probleme mit old reddit und der mod ansicht .
ich komm rein aber er nimmt nicht das was ich eingebe .
case and point i missed out on the mirage/spi armor and there is no way i can get it now
tell me you are new to ebay without telling me you are new to ebay .
you have to be living under a rock or something if you have never heard of accounts being suspended because an actual human could n't be bothered to take 30 seconds to look at a situation .
way to wave the ebay pompoms and jump to conclusions based on nothing .
according to this study they account for more than a quarter of the animal agriculture industry and emissions .
there are environmental costs in transporting and producing pet food but the actual meat '' used in pet food is still a by-product of animal agriculture for humans .
also have you seen the videos of how male chicks are processed ?
and it 's exactly what is in pet food https www.petsmagazine.com.sg/a/features/pet-pantry/256/the-truth-about-chicken-and-chicken-by-products-in-pet-food .
if i were in your situation i would have a very hard time sending my
cats back to the shelter but clearly it 's the right thing to do .
i do not think anyone should buy a pet from a breeder .
i even agree that reducing pet ownership overall is a worthy goal .
however i think there is an ethical case to be made for caring for animals who through no fault of their own find themselves abandoned in shelters .
oh yes i love to wow yummy amazing ass and oh so sweet delicious pussy
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
it 's not racist there are black brown white asian jews ... .
but i got a small part in my brain that says this kinda looks like a face hugger from aliens .
a very arousing one but a face hugger nonetheless .
not gon na lie i really like his content in 2022 .
sure 2019 pewdiepie is nostalgic but his newer videos are still pretty good .
stands up and holds your hand ok let 's go home ... .we need a more private space .
do n't worry talking about this matter because schizophrenia is something most psychiatrist therapist and doctors know about
it was meant to be a joke however taking sleep pills doesnt sound good for health or general wellbeing at all .
keep the nikon and buy a fuji x100v for daily carry .
just changing some stuff around i was able to bring the price down to 2285 the motherboard can do wifi but the option for it is an extra 20 for the wifi board .
before bumping up the ram to add more i would see how it is with 64 first desktop memory is better .
i think the best version of the fight this guy is the one at the minor erdtree near volcano manor
oh well should matter much what are the ivs ?
back allies throughout downtown have some amazing art on business doors .
there are places that specialize in it and warranty it for 1 year .
i 'm not buying a big mac direct from the factory and having it shipped to me .
i do n't see why it would n't count .
man how you gon na play it before you buy it ?
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kberguy .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
why were n't they up in arms about that ? ?
this is very off the subject but in the new vlog are they woman 's glasses he is wearing
she 's nice except for when it comes to my family .
i think i read about someone who 's had success with it .
do the 7 arrow drill with all 6 of your balls .
you 'll learn what each of them can do and how to control them .
thats crazy i had a weird feeling you did no clue why tho
although payed exists the reason why autocorrection did n't help you it is only correct in
nautical context when it means to paint a surface or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant .
payed out when letting strings cables or ropes out by slacking them .
unfortunately i was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment .
if this video is longer than 10 minutes please add a 3 to 5 sentence comment outlining positions taken in the video and the reason you posted it . ''
simply copying the video description does not satisfy this requirement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anarchism if you have any questions or concerns .
privately owning the means of production does n't just lead to rulers rulers are a necessary part of privately owning the means of production .
let 's say you own a factory and you want to hire workers to start a shoe making business or something .
because you own the means of production you run the business aka a boss so you have put yourself in a higher position than your workers .
you decide how things are run what their wages are and in general what the rules of the company are .
you have put yourself in a position where you can individually create rules that others have to follow .
i was mostly joking but then again i 'd watch it if devito played every role too .
she wants to keep you around for the attention and conversation .
you did the right thing in rejecting the friendship because it never works .
just tell her that you ca n't be friends but if she is ever free to date then give you a message or call .
she vibes well with you but does n't want to date you .
if you go into this rabbit hole you will be constantly led on and lots of time wasted .
i recommend dropping her completely and responding to her messages very seldom like one a week .
if you respond just drop an emoji and nothing else .
if she comes to her senses and says yes that she does want to date you then you can talk .
i recommend that you date somebody else right away to show what she is missing .
i have had the same experience with cloud research .
two studies so far except that in my case by the time i saw the second one it had expired .
where 's that post where the op told a story about pigeons but replaced the word pigeon with the word angel ?
yes sir you break you buy it and it would kinda stuck having to buy new hips
this is done to help enforce rule 3 crediting work and increase visibility of the source .
if it is your own art simply state it as such .
if you do n't reply to this message your post will be removed under rule 3 and we 'll ignore you even if you complain in modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/beastars if you have any questions or concerns .
but that 's what makes the show better than the books imo .
the focus is n't just the lead couple we get all the other side plots as well .
and i would 've loved to see more of saphne especially with simon becoming a father after spending most of life not wanting to be one
this was my first car was black as well !
hotwheels please make this model car reality ! ! !
deck building and teamwork become more important as the difficulty increases .
if you get crummy teammates there 's only so much you can do but if you 're skilled enough you can carry them .
oh and sleepers call hordes in vet and above ! !
unless you 're being loose with your use of fintech '' and i 'm meaning the affirms brexes upstarts and blends of the world not wells fargo lol
there are sales people at real tech companies that out earn anybody on the security teams .
it 's terrible land use to devote prime riverfront property in a city for a massive sprawling freeway interchange .
honestly i would try to get any information on them and report them in any way .
this looks like something bad just waiting to happen .
its 1 am and this has got me hungry .
the price to pay for the food of the gods is great but entirely worth it .
glad to see mudrock getting the love she deserves .
shoutout to paul i wish him a life of happiness❤️
she 's using the daughter as an atm now .
i love that dev team for what they did and make it a point to buy additional copies of nms as gifts for friends .
as a native californian with a bad sense of geography 42a might be the first time i 've gotten one of those annoying compass direction solutions
when i see equal coverage of some dumb shit the left does like burning shit down because america elects someone they do n't like or threaten a supreme court justice at his house by the mainstream media i 'll be more keen on being less skeptical of the media
my store always did final written warning because the two people who ever made this mistake were very good employees so it did n't cripple their employment at all .
the incidents were years apart and both times the store got reassigned the elearning .
if they have n't outright fired you there may be hope for you .
makes you much less likely to make that mistake in the future .
i do n't want to give you false hope but there 's also not really a good reason to despair
texted karl earlier to tell him i got him today
to prevent spam trolling accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/booty .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty if you have any questions or concerns .
the shorts have to be like knee length i forgot exactly what measurements so you at least would n't burn the more sensitive part
r/onlyfans101asstastic is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101asstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
the wizards fo would be humiliated if beal walked and they got nothing out of it .
will probably give him the supermax to save a little face .
if they do it will be on a gl leia and people will be pissed .
bastard munchen mc team plus i think they undergo a serious transformation in terms of play style and mindset .
either isagi 's faction/ideals win out or kaiser 's does .
pxg rin and shidou are one hell of a final boss pair and this is likely the last match .
i imagine their evolution in training has progressed enough to firmly cement them as the top 2 players in bl still as well as earning the top offers from clubs at the end of the nel .
manshine city chris prince 's training method is legit .
as time goes on i see chris continuing to further develop those on his team and helping develop those individualized training plans for every player to push them past their limits .
fc barcha bachira 's just getting started and with further training from lavinho/ravinho he 's going to carry this team at least this far .
he 's another player that we know has performed well for himself and set himself up for a club offer so he 's a lock for the u-20 roster but i think the team finishes this far only .
ubers not really basing this off of anything considering we only saw a quick glimpse of aiku and aryu playing but i do n't see them topping the other teams .
i think aiku aryu niko and barou will solidify their places on the u-20 world cup roster with their individual performances but as a team i do n't get the feeling that they best the others maybe another victory and that 's it .
but i also know that one reason men have to stay off the profile page is because of work .
though both men and women can risk a lot posting things .
as for dick pics in the words of shania twain that 's do n't impress me much .
i suppose pictures of tongues might impress me but knowing how to pleasure a woman and use that tongue well that impresses me ... a lot ... a whole whole lot !
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
just funny that you have the user name the same as the movie .
your doctor should advise you over the phone without you needing to pay for an office visit .
take notes of your symptoms record your heart rate and if you can monitor bp as well .
like i 'm in canada and i ca n't imagine that they would allow someone who is n't totally trained and licensed and whatever to do plastic surgery here .
this hand of mine glows with an awesome power !
my love ... my anger ... and all of my sorrow !
overstepping boundaries is not any better because you mean well .
or to think michael keaton was the best batman .
i actually think i was just a little too heavy with the dry brush but i think it will make the model pop a little more on the table .
nope only scripts to monitor the inventory being dropped on the site .
i have no need for scripts to snag toys from the site .
any chance you 've taken that trip 41 times this month ?
in that case you 've hit the monthly bulk free ride point .
alternatively if the return trip was 3 hours after the outgoing trip you still have to override https www.gotransit.com/en/trip-planning/presto/set-a-default-trip-to-save-time even if it 's between your default stations .
he is the most majestically angry looking specimen ever !
fucking same 1g test 1g tren 500 mg mast and i 'm jerking off 6 times a day
i would expect it to see the detox page of the wiki for some ideas .
it would be a lot safer to use herbals without a doctor it would also allow a slow ramp-up with lower levels of herxing .
if that 's the case then why not wear 31mm or 34mm those were common size for decades .
that 's like saying you should wear bell bottom pants they were common for a decade ... sure that 's true and now they look stupid .
things go in and out of style ... but yes 36mm looks fine .
your comment has been removed because it breaks rule 3 lacking civility .
contact the mods if you wish to appeal this decision .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/antidepressants if you have any questions or concerns .
while i have n't seen or listened to the show a few months back i read these lyrics and thought they were terrible
cinderella is the catty name that they call me .
she 's a loner she 's a loon a loser that 's all me .
it sounds somehow even worse in context https youtu.be/1z6w_8mpf5i .
and the crazy thing is david zippel used to write better lyrics .
not great lyrics but he wrote a decent lorenz hart imitation for hercules 's i wo n't say i 'm in love and some ok if sometimes strained lyrics for city of angels .
that said alan menken 's and cy coleman 's music respectively makes zippel sound better whereas lloyd webber 's past-its-prime faux-rock makes him sound worse .
it 's all too bad especially because zippel writes in that old-fashioned broadway-show-tune style that i love but he 's been trending worse and worse over the years .
i continue to be baffled by his overrhymed attempt https genius.com/the-star-spangled-singers-star-spangled-man-lyrics at imitating irving berlin for the first captain america movie which reads nothing like a berlin lyric but again sounds better because of menken 's music .
some homeowners believe they have the right to exclusive use of public property .
my group recently allowed for some customization of the robe .
the patches only come off temporarily each day at dawn the robe regains all removed patches and they 're different every time .
makes the item into a useful if entirely unpredictable resource .
based on the title your post has been tagged as price check post .
please note that you shall not be able to trade and reward karma under this post .
in order to trade create another post with pc xbox or ps flair and trade there .
this way more people will be able to see your post and your chances of getting a better trade will increase .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fallout76marketplace if you have any questions or concerns .
do we know how many time this will be open to comment ?
just wait until the braves play a good team ! ! !
i 'm actually salvadorian and it was a joke not a funny one but still a joke
if the camera gets any closer we will actually see your shit .
qotd hopefully getting both of my major projects done before summer ends .
i currently have two major projects that once completed will drastically improve my life .
the first one is my switch streaming setup which will allow me to both share my gameplay with friends on discord and play my switch docked without needing to look up and to the right putting pressure on my spine .
once that 's all set up i can start the bigger project better desk v1 '' .
it 's going to be a custom wooden laptop stand to replace the one i 'm using now which is barely big enough to put my laptop and monitor mount on .
the new one is going to be twice the width diagonally have holes drilled in the top for ventilation have a center post instead of a spine '' will have a hole drilled out specifically for my monitor mount and will have a headset arm attached to the post where i can hang my headset .
later sometime after better desk v1 '' is built i 'm going to start an upgrade project for it called better desk v2 '' which will add pc case fans underneath the vent holes which will be powered via a usb power bank mounted to the center post as well as a wooden holder '' for my switch dock to make it more secure .
right now though i 'm waiting on a 2 pack of usb-c to usb-c fast charge cables to come in tomorrow so that i can test to see if my laptop provides enough power to the dock .
hopefully it does and i can proceed from there .
that 's your brain trying to protect you from cognitive dissonance .
do n't be fragile and fight through it and provide a solid counterargument if you have one .
if you have an argument worth merit make it .
i like sneakers and basic shoes that are maximum comfort and practicality and 90 of the time look perfectly formal enough .
they 'd walk him to get to pujols who is mlb 's worst hitter against righties .
i hate to say it but i do n't think he 's that into you for anything more than sex .
he has n't taken you on any real dates .
he just seems to wan na see you late at night .
i think he knew from the first night that he could get sex from you because you guys tried .
yes to a lot of these but i could never tolerate a nightclub .
i do n't remember having many meltdowns either but i had some mental breakdowns last year due to mental health issues .
i threw tantrums in school though as a kid along with running around wandering and hiding .
i never was a teachers pet but i always followed the rules no matter what .
working out biking and swimming has n't done anything but flesh out my booty even if i train hard on my arms .
i also like being on my own a lot .
what sucks is when actual feelings of loneliness creep in
it 's a rough time out there and it 's frightening how much of a contrast there is between anyone working in healthcare and everyone else right now when it comes to covid safety .
heck half the people working where i am want it to clear up but it 's not like we can sacrifice vulnerable peoples ' safety just for our own comfort y'know ?
hope you continue to stay safe i 've managed to avoid it so far but there 's always the odd chance .
question the way vader explains he killed anakin makes me think are siths basically people possessed by an evil spirit ?
i do n't understand how they work but then you list the two specific things i called out ?
and since joining public service she 's upgraded her nyc apartment and has a luxury dc apartment which
features both an indoor lap pool and a rooftop pool a rooftop dog park and dog wash station numerous gyms including a peloton cycling studio and a yoga studio a demonstration kitchen with a wood-fired pizza oven private massage rooms with hydromassage beds a golf simulator studio a basketball court a racquetball court and a rooftop tennis court with a parabolic hitting wall '' in case you 're alone with nobody to play with
i tried to come here and tell you people '' ... who listens to the fortune telling of an anonymous redditor ?
gloating about being right is never the way have some humility .
this is small cutie it means the post must contain a petite girl all 18 .
if in this post there is not a small girl please use the report button
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/smallcutie if you have any questions or concerns .
no roots i was me not today sucker for pain levitate born to be yours or heart upon my sleeve ?
yeah this was always my impression too that they were turning on the faucets so the kids would n't hear .
once paige gets initiated there 's quite a bit of chastisement of her talking about anything espionage-related when henry could potentially overhear .
i never got the impression that philip or elizabeth thought the house itself was bugged .
it seems like a small thing to an adult but it 's part of a larger potential problem .
she now knows you wo n't listen to her with problems she finds important if you do n't find them important .
as a former kid who grew up in the same environment i still to this day at 30 do n't tell my parents anything .
i learned early there was no point because they always told me i was being dramatic/ridiculous or just simply brushed me off .
people knew the internet was going to be big .
they did n't know exactly what form it would take but nobody thought it was going to be a fad .
and brick and mortar booksellers were hit hard by amazon from the jump .
i think you 're overestimating how good the hardware is going to get .
we 're already pushing up against moore 's law and quantum physics and there 's just so much hardware you can squeeze into a pair of glasses that fits comfortably on your face .
nobody 's going to want to wear a headset that 's significantly heavier than a pair of glasses for long periods of time .
then there 's the 3d rendering of ultra high-res images in games and interactive video .
there 's no way they 'll be able to do that on the device any time soon if ever .
not as common as abuse or an developing mental illness .
all though i agree with what most have already stated .
i disagree that you should seek a change yet .
every injury is different so treatments wo n't be the same .
i tore my acl about 6 years ago and had surgery for it and had pt the following day of surgery pt was very aggressive from the beginning wanting to get full rom in the first couple weeks that pt saved my basketball career and i 've never had an issue ever since .
i just recently received hip surgery impingement shaved bone tore labral removal of bone cyst .
i 'm at thee exact same place i had pt for my acl with their best hip therapist and i also see my old therapist and talk to him they told me from the very 1st day that pt would be pretty boring for atleast the first 3 weeks because everything needs time to heal completely before we get aggressive .
so i 've been also bored but i trust them due to them having me back playing basketball in college within 6 months of my acl surgery when most people take a year to recover .
but at the same time all those dudes are hella old with alot of fight time under their belts way more than any baki characters .
again my theory is that the court will overturn concealed carry prohibitions nysrpa v bruen this year .
magazine limits duncan v bonta next year and the assault weapons ban after that miller v bonta .
when the democrats cry for gun control there wo n't be anything left but red flag laws and stronger checks which the republicans just compromised '' on .
a couple of mass shooters and domestic abusers will be stopped by red flag laws .
but we 'll never know what they could have done .
on the flipside some people will have some very unfair cases used against them forcing democrats to defend the police .
a few repubs take a hit in a midterm year for supporting this but in the medium game gun control looks absolutely fucked .
a lot of people think this is capitulation but bruen might come out tomorrow and bonta is on the docket .
edit i 'll add that with the weakened nra this is a huge power play and would be a slap in the face to gun control groups .
they would be forced to play the long game of restructuring the court which is what gun rights advocates did for decades .
gun rights would likely be safe for a generation .
whenever something is posted on youtube it 's probably not important ''
you lost any semblance of credibility when you dropped a line as mindless as public schools are equivalent to a church of satan anyway.
i do n't feel she 's bad at cooking in the same way other characters are though .
the reason her cooking is bad is because yuri reinforced her combination of food choices by not saying no or being critical of her .
she 's not like shion in tensura who was just bad at cooking no matter what she did .
i joined this group buy https prototypist.net/products/group-buy-freebird-tkl-full-kit ? pos=1 psq 20freebird 20tkl 20full 20kit 20 ss=e v=1.0 when it was live and i hopefully will get it soon .
just switches and keycaps or am i missing something ?
if there are any issues or rule breaking please message the moderators or the modmail https new.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nudes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudes if you have any questions or concerns .
reminder phr4r is not a discussion forum please message the op instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
those are just my personal thoughts please do n't take it serious !
nintendo 3ds the screen is quiet small so it 's kinda a pain to look at especially with 3d on .
nintendo 3ds xl has bigger parts recommended for dudes with big hands and with bigger screen no more worries about eyestrain .
though the loading speed might not compatible with impatience .
nintendo 2ds comfortable to hold but can not fold and the 3d compatibility is gone .
new nintendo 3ds has super stable 3d allows 3d images to display more accurate and less pain to the eyes has c stick faster loading time better battery and a built-in nfc at the lower screen for amiibo .
unfortunately however this came to a cost of higher prices and when it breaks finding replacement is a task that kicks off your sanity .
new nintendo 3ds xl just the same as the new 3ds but in bigger size recommended for dudes with big hands .
new nintendo 2ds xl slightly bigger screens better performance and has a c stick .
so i definitely would n't do it how he 's asking especially because he has n't been involved yet but i would consult a lawyer because he 's definitely entitled to see her and i would n't want any trouble from not allowing that .
i would get a custody agreement in place asap and child support and in the meantime maybe meet somewhere neutral and he can drive to you !
i 'm sure it will hurt the kids especially with a mother that is telling them things like dad decided not to move home '' when she never discussed it with bd .
she could help them navigate some big feelings and try and make her children feel loved instead of amping up the negative feelings they may be having .
but that means she would have to care more about her children than hurting her ex .
you 're acting like he does n't have any roots where he 's at just because he 's not in the military .
he has a wife a career and a home .
do we know if bm has any of those things ?
one could easily easily argue that moving away from a small town in the middle of kansas would be the better choice in this scenario if bm felt so strongly about it .
idk if they are talking about german but the german word is masculine but when you talk about the moon in any lyrical sense it becomes female or at least feminine
thank you for visiting r/deadbydaylight however your submission has been removed under the following rule
announcements updates or issues and the resulting mass influx of posts with the same content a megathread has been stickied on r/deadbydaylight 's front page or a similar thread is available on the front page .
for further discussions questions rants and the like please use the following megathread
for further information please read our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/deadbydaylight/wiki/rules .
if you 've read your removal message and you 'd like to discuss our decision you can contact us here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdeadbydaylight .
okay but if the missile crashed then surely it needs to take a new pu turbo and transmission .
sorry but you come off as a jerk in your last sentence .
and for your kind information if you think that is what this sub is about you could n't be more wrong .
i thought we got it back because we did n't make the playoffs ?
imo they 're like the epitome of fine they do n't really stick out in any notable ways and they 've never had any major problems either
then they mailed it to my home once it was all processed .
not sure if the rules have changed since then .
you do n't have to go the passport office itself however i 've seen posts lately how people have been recommended to attend it due to there being delays with the post .
ughh if someone 's does not reply then just do n't text more .
i still keep a bottle around for the occasional issue that comes up .
i used small 4 oz servings of kombucha with my meals at the beginning to help my gut deal with all the fat .
i still use that every so often to help repopulate my gut with microbes .
i like dogs and i could take him on weed scavenger hunts .
in my 30s i have never tasted my own cum .
i 'm curious but i will take my so 's word .
why is dad gamers getting s**t done in this game the most wholesome thing lol .
nono davvero ho trovato un barattolo d'acqua in cucina ho chiesto e mi hanno detto così .
c'erano altri napoletani e hanno detto che l'hanno fatto anche loro .
we used to have a canal system.. erie canal etc
i thought this was a how to '' snape/marquder discussions .
outlining what you thought could be done better/what bothers you about the way the discussions unfold .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean being gay is my nature so i beg to differ .
personally i trust the judiciary more than politicians who are always focussed on the next election themselves .
my personal issue is that the people crying out that her character/acting were terrible probably also love the prequels and all their terrible writing and acting .
there 's a very specific reason people dislike reva so much and some of those people are really lying to themselves about why they dislike her .
you probably want to find someone willing to employ you before moving unless you have money to burn because just living here is relatively expensive and people complaining about how hard it is to find even menial work if you do n't speak finnish is a common topic here .
i have a 4 year old model 3 with no ppf or ceramic and yes there are a few small chips on the front bumper but overall it 's holding up just fine .
people are anal about their teslas so you hear a lot of complaints about small problems .
snow incredible heat direct sunlight and yes even rain .
its the ending but we need to get there loong
your submission was removed because your account is less than one day old .
if you feel that your account is older than one day please contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marvelmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
it is n't that hard gentlemen buck up and chomp some muff .
wildly creeped out and then low key scared for the rest of my time in that shop ?
i do n't know the specs of a normal telescope but according to https theskylive.com/c2017k2-info
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meditation if you have any questions or concerns .
please consider filling in this survey about dick size here https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsfuucgqxovj2hoxggzm0q_qex0wkq9nojoa37bt_sfqaj3_0q/viewform ? usp=sf_link
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cockcompare if you have any questions or concerns .
as long as we can get a most/all of the fee back i 'll be alright with it gives us depth in a tight schedule this year and allows saka to play and study an elite winger but i doubt that 'll happen with the amount leeds want for him .
to get glyphs from the artemis questline you have to do 16 jumps to get the 16 glyphs .
if you ai n't done that you ai n't completed the artemis storyline ...
please provide a source for the image video if not a direct link submission .
we would really appreciate it if you could mention the source as a reply to this comment !
if you have already provided the source or if it is an oc post please ignore this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indiaspeaks if you have any questions or concerns .
looking at you while you desperately begging me to stop but i know you do n't want me to stop and you already enjoying it so much is so hot
10 bucks passes as royalty in montana or oregon .
dude holds the record for most nuts in sheep and biological sisters .
that 's the face i think of everytime i hear someone say incest .
the last time i sent for an update they just told me to wait ...
i think diana is used to having superficial conversations with rich self-centered people .
it was extremely obvious sutton was trying to connect with diana by telling her that they have something in common .
they slowed her down and made her revenge gain go from 4 to 20 on some attacks it definitely changed her in 4s
he does n't want slippin ' jimmy to infect his legal community like he feels he did his marriage
i wan na give her all of my pent up cum
well i imagine that once pregnant the rest of society was telling them how wonderful it would be .
they probably at least partially believed that it would n't be as bad as it turned out to be .
i 'd love to join you and unload all over those big tits
morp wants to replace hornet as the protagonist of silksong and tries to change the title to hollow knight morpin ' time
senan is a real person i have seen his postings at other sites and they all tied up .
when he was first appeared he was 16 and he seemed to act like a young person interested in politics .
with electricity i have a small mr radar ... . errr ... mr coffee .
without electricity i tend to go instant just so i do n't have to pack out filters and grounds .
i did n't see a firefly till i was 30 .
i drove from the west coast to the east coast for vacation .
was standing outside my car just stretching and i see some flashing light in the cornfield .
i 'm like wtf ... is that like a cats eyes ?
gawd that is an amazing dick😈💦 i would looove to tease it 😋
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/vip3bd/hi_f24_im_in_a_relationship_with_my_bf_m_29_and_i and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
if not just walk in introduce yourself hand them your resume and be courteous is all you can do .
there are plenty of internship opportunities for students so do n't just focus on getting this one .
well davis was jailed for two years before being released on bail and fleeing to canada before andrew johnson pardoned him lee was dead 5 years after the civil war but he faced no penalty because of grants terms of surrender but you can go see his family estate now it 's arlington national cemetery .
but again it was andrew johnson an especially awful president who pardoned most of the treasonous secessionists .
it 's a tragedy hamlin did n't run as lincolns vp during the second term or lincoln was n't assassinated .
lol i do n't wan na rub it in but the exact tour you mentioned kicked so much ass .
fortunately these bands will tour again and you can catch them .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a house in san leandro ... it appreciated its now down a bit but i just rented it cash flow positive .
mortgage is at 2.5 ... .so not keen on paying it off early .
rent and create steady income streams while owning assets .
many other companies will follow to east bay as sf it riled with crime and sky high prices while vc funding is drying up .
bay area properties always tend to appreciate in the long run .
xavier fans maybe that 's the only people i can think of ...
fine ass little white girl that lil body shape so raw 😍
i feel like it 's impossible to run out from upgrading gear as a longtime player you just do n't get anything good all that often .
the only thing that ever dents my gold reserves is refreshing .
yeah but still i wish there were more ec maps and less of these prop maps
i looked them up and apparently they contain ferric phosphate .
in the uk that 's all we 're allowed to use now because all metaldehyde what most slug pellets contained before ones have been banned .
metaldehyde can kill birds and hedgehogs that eat the poisoned slugs ferric phosphate only damages the stomachs of the slugs themselves !
if that does n't work go to the news .
if that does n't work contact the people who exposed the other cases .
okay ... first off the job market despite what the news says sucks .
it was bad going back to reagan then covid kicked the legs out from under things and the cracks that were hidden are showing .
that said the typical wisdom is if you are n't getting interviews it 's your applications .
post your resume to r/resume no s you 'll get some good advice for free .
as much as it sucks you 'll need to network .
make friends at the places where you 'd like to work .
resumes that come from employees are much more valueable than another email .
it 's going to suck more before it gets better .
we are a discussion-based subreddit dedicated to support inform and advise dog owners .
this is a carefully moderated sub intended to support inform and advise dog owners .
submissions and comments which break the rules will be removed .
review the rules here https www.reddit.com/r/dogs/wiki/index r/dogs has four goals help the public better understand dogs promote healthy responsible dog-owner relationships encourage least intrusive minimally aversive training protocols .
https m.iaabc.org/about/lima support adoption as well as ethical and responsible breeding .
if you 'd like to introduce yourself or discuss smaller topics please contribute to our monthly discussion hub pinned at the top .
please be respectful of others and report antagonistic comments to mods for review .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogs if you have any questions or concerns .
her obsession with food makes me a little sad for her .
too many people just were not ready for it .
a direct bank transfer you sent it to their account they send it out works but this is getting more and more difficult as the ccp is clamping down on money going out of the country and you need what they call a valid reason '' .
basically such a vague term that they can stop any transfer they like .
another option is to use various apps they normally go through hong kong and exchange the money to a non-chinese currency before transfer which for some reason makes this easier .
i was lucky enough to use one to transfer some cash out successfully quite recently .
i recommend doing a bit of research especially if you can read chinese or know someone who can .
it would n't surprise me if somebody had that scene in mind when they started putting this together and then interns and staff writers filled in the blanks .
was he firing blanks or did he miss every single shot ?
i would follow you around for s bit and waited for you to use s bathroom .
i would force myself inside the room then inside of you while i forced you to watch as i laugh at your desperate attempts to flee
season 5 would be a good place to start because it 's the beginning of a new era .
it 's a funny season with low-stakes drama that sets things up for the explosive season 6 .
the popularity of sauna is growing and people all around the globe are experiencing sauna .
because of that the information gets distorted and people claim all sorts of false things .
my friend went to a finnish style sauna in italy .
the sauna had a warning sign saying not to throw water on the rocks because of a electric shock danger .
i 've read some public saunas fodbid the water throwing because it 's dangerous to your health . ''
the seller answering a question about throwing water on the stones by saying this is not possible please keep the rock dry . ''
either the seller is clueless or the heater is actually a shitty one .
this is why you do n't buy the cheapest one .
you ca n't afford to buy the cheapest one because it 's either so shitty you want to upgrade or it will break down .
a proper electric heater has it 's electronics well protected and the resistor elements are good quality to sustain thermal shocks for years .
do n't buy the cheapest you can find from amazon .
and other people who already know get so excited when finally encountering a shiny legendary they forget it for a second and end up using a golden razz berry .
the story of my life and other ways to be adhd lol
the kid could 've just taken the money and kept on tracking him .
if he starts paying a years salary every time he 's just going to hit him up for more and more cash .
he probably looks down on the kid and thinks he 's stupid anyways .
unless this was something you had discussed previously such as if they were squeamish about medical stuff and do n't wan na hear about it or something but even then a how are you feeling '' would be warranted imo
i honestly have never known how super troops work i assumed that at a higher th lvl they get unlocked but if its just when you max the troop then that is massive .
time for me to work on my goblin upgrades since i havent even considered them as a useful troop since like th6
and also the deed to your house is already registered at a central location where people can look it up .
if you like hiking i recommend hiking mount hie from the east approach
damn i was just there a week and a half ago .
coming from socal the ocean is spooky up there .
that would be so terrifying i hope the swimmer survives and recovers .
been receiving phone calls from their insurance but imma ask my boss if it 's really them so i dont hand out info to people who dont need it .
for starters we should unlearn the longstanding conception that we have dominion over the rest of nature rather than seeing us as being integral extensions of nature and vice versa .
we 've lived it so long even secular atheists take it for granted .
there 's obviously no homogeneity among indigenous cultures around the world but the philosophy of treating the land as an extension of your own body which it is must be close to universal .
the 7-generation perspective is a more local one that could do a lot to undo our cultural psychopathy .
i ca n't tell you how many boomers i 've heard my whole life say well i 'll be dead by then '' when i bring up the consequences of climate change .
of course it 's not just boomers who do n't plant trees under whose shade they 'll never sit but they 're a stark example .
btw the noble savage trope is a historical inaccuracy .
the original meaning of noble savage was the observation by french colonists that the indigenous spent virtually all of their time either hunting or cultural pursuits like plays dances etc which is something only the nobility '' in france had the privilege of doing with their time .
and of course the reality is that the colonizers were much more savage on average to the indigenous but also to each other .
maybe it was the cheapest seats left for sale for that first game .
for saturday 's game the cheapest seat is 30 .
also one section is 49 for an adult or a youth under 17 is 10 .
bashing the cfl and not actually looking at the ticket prices is hilarious .
also three downs is what helps make cfl exciting .
it 's smart to switch if that 's what you want to do .
i did a degree to have a job that i do n't like.. will likely be going back to school at almost 30 .
maldives as a nation state might be under threat but maldivians will likely survive .
look at malé that 's an island that should n't exist in it 's current condition .
look at all the man made barriers and walls built to protect it from tidal waves and water .
some of it was built on top of walls and barriers older than the early modern period .
sea level rises very slowly its more than likely the larger islands adapt .
however maldives will likely lose more than 90 of the coral islands or all of them .
so there 's an existential threat without the benefits of tourism .
it will revert to a state of poverty and there will likely be refugees and emigrants going out of maldives for a better life .
you all are wild gon na get some poor chap slapped ! 😆
i am so sorry you 're feeling this way .
it does not always come back or get worse but only your doctor could give you information on how that might specifically affect you .
if you 're feeling suicidal i really urge you to reach out for help .
i 've been there myself and had family commit suicide .
it 's never the answer and is n't worth it .
please if you do n't know who else to call call the national suicide prevention hotline if you 're in the us .
if you 're not in the us let me know where you are and i 'll help you find the appropriate number for suicide help where you live .
as someone that does n't reddit all that much.. what is the significance of this action ?
your computer probably seriously broken or running on sth funky like 8k or ultrawide res .
apex is not even that hard on the hardware .
kadri goes on for mackinnon who is n't even on the bench while he 's already skating into the zone with the puck .
it 's an obvious too many men and it should 've been called .
most regions have a variation such as cornish wrestling from cornwall uk korean ssireum to breton gouren france .
i do n't think it 's the clothing that 's grabbed in turkish wrestling though
reverse the sexes and this is my current relationship exactly
do n't have to deal with this automod comment .
are eligible for ongoing contests and can win free reddit premium coins and flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/womenbendingover if you have any questions or concerns .
what 's the point of having a cia if you ca n't kill a president every 50 years or so .
i 'll still never believe something like the idiocracy premise can be watchable for more than 30 minutes no matter how well executed .
beyond that mark i 'm like got it x is like y in real life and we should be horrify '' and i tap out .
die frage ist dann nur was macht die straßenbahn so viel besser als den bus dass sich so eine investition auszahlt ...
i have it as well i 've had to resort to mobile for playing apex until they sort this out cause damn
i just bought a new headset ! ! ! !
our community relies on its members to help it grow .
if you enjoyed this particular post please consider crossposting this content to another relevant subreddit .
crossposting content from r/asiannsfw will bring in more members who will then share more quality asian content for the whole community to enjoy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asiannsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
the play is n't dead until his team has the puck .
does naofumi meet the other cardinal heroes ' in the real world once the waves are gone ?
because i know kizuna and the other three cardinal heroes sword spear bowl are from the real world and .
you right should have kept it outside with the swing and it makes more sense .
replies to cmv posts must challenge the op 's view .
this was n't in toronto but a southern ontario suburb but i recently witnessed a cyclist going very fast in the wrong direction in the opposite lane in a one way street in separated bike lanes with concrete borders .
i almost hit him while pulling out of the driveway because he did n't slow down .
i 'll take responsibility as the driver in this situation but as a bike commuter as well i was horrified to think the asshole might crash into a poor unsuspecting cyclist down the road who would not be able to avoid him .
everything else matches up so he probably rejoined or did something else but i do n't think he cheated
that is pretty much ... . all the subjects ?
may as well use ebh everything but history '' .
paige has normal human features and brad brad maddox maddox jizz in her hair/championship title
how important will the northwest passage be when port cities are underwater ?
we 're facing a global economic collapse and you 're worried about how to ship things to ports that wo n't be operational so that people can buy things they wo n't be able to afford .
you 're not being realistic you 're creating fantasy scenarios to avoid facing the reality of how bad things will be .
yeah global warming is scary which is why every one of us has to do what we can not wait for the other guy to go first .
when the going gets tough the tough get going .
the weak sit around and whine about it being someone else 's fault which is exactly what you 're doing .
original still wins cause it only took 6 months to dig up most of the scam .
maybe add a zen third image where they realize zero liquidity is inevitable ?
blacks going crazy over whites using that word is extremely hypocritic of them considering they use that word themselves completely casually .
mine literally shut down in my city and my new gym does n't open until 5 .
i have to work at 6:30 and was used to going to my old gym at 4 for a leisurely hour with full stretching followed by a chill shower and getting ready for work .
i 'm with you now my workouts are a sharp half hour .
i 've moved cardio and stretching outside the gym and to the evenings the gym is so crowded after work ! .
but i really wish the new gym just opened at 4 .
first year i decided to actually complete the whole survey lol .
its so rare these days its like a superpower ...
imagine mianura actually created a senti monster to commit hentai
a lot of people bitching about something does n't make it valid .
if you do n't want to hunt for the active vents then good luck with that .
10 that kyle does the splits on top of the food on the table
i made some spreadsheets with the number of shares i hold in various accounts brokerage cs ira and the number from each that i would sell at each price point that i anticipate it hitting .
obviously market orders are sketch cause the buyer could potentially set the price and screw you .
i do n't think that it works that way .
your broker has an obligation to get you the best deal that 's out there and if the last transaction price was say 1 million they ca n't just dump sell it for 100 if that 's the next highest bid .
there are circuit breakers and all kinds of business in there to prevent it .
i 'm no expert but someone else in this sub has explained why when the price goes over cs 's 214k limit order maximum that you should n't be afraid to do market orders .
but if it comes to it i 'll be doing them one or two shares at a time .
no the total amount is due but you can request a tax adjustment for the 2020 tax year .
my only problem is that the way they thought this out is n't full proof as abusing endurance will be more prevalent .
i will now have people run straight into me thinking they will get hit more often and now bt adds time so instead of just 12 seconds i must wait 15 and they are fast enough to not pay for their poor decisions of running straight into me .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tittydrop if you have any questions or concerns .
also the country was specifically formed to not be godly.. you know with the whole separation of church and state '' deal .
to me this would be pure stress haha i dunno the temperature of the whole thing but i 'm shivering just looking at it .
if i stim in there it wo n't be happy stim
fuck you as fathers we will lose our shit if someone attempts to harm our children .
many of us would 've went to prison that day too .
it 's been around for several decades like the lesser promulgated dino .
mostly because democrats do n't respond to sloganeering as much .
some people just ca n't appreciate comedy gold even when it beats them over the head with a billy club .
okay so the mama gets eaten by wolves then same ending .
you could be born a lion and your father eats you as you are a threat to him ...
the world is a cruel place being human has the best defenses against that in our animal world .
ikr there are so many better arguments to be made
i had a good massage in alexandria old town but that was many many years ago
i so wish this had been done by hbo honestly .
if you would like to get verified please send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/youreverydayhousewife !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youreverydayhousewife if you have any questions or concerns .
i hate pit bulls but you do n't see me bringing some unrelated shit into pointless internet arguments my guy
let haters talk and keep doing u and keep slaying
would you look at that all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order .
i have checked 878,724,848 comments and only 173,192 of them were in alphabetical order .
i once saw a huge tomato plant grow thing through a small crack in a parking lot in the middle of town .
it must have been three feet tall and it was covered with fruit .
i went to everest once on a whim a few years ago .
i was super hungry and just pulled in that plaza to turn around saw it and went inside .
i was that idiot sitting there like in the key and peele continental breakfast sketch .
i 'll have what i 'm having '' haha .
curious — what happened to the push notifications for all of those transactions ?
comforting with the right amount of challenge to remain interesting .
multi-positional defender good to great bbiq good facilitator would n't be the worst pick in the world provided we clear up the logjam on the wing .
to get a cum pass head over to r/penallabourcamp and post an oc drawing related to the pinned topic on the sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
if u are expecting a vol spike it has to come from an exogenous event .
it will not come from the fed hiking rates or inflation persisting .
something has to break someone needs to be offsides .
yeah but i do n't think he 'll have the speed or power feats to go on par with a serious saitama .
i do n't have the best speakers but i listen to my vinyls with my dan clark audio ether 2 headset and those make most stuff sound great .
gracie would have choked him the fuck out within 60 seconds .
nothing ever normal got angry and ate things like burgers and take out for a few days .
nothing solid still but i was surprised when it did n't make anything worse .
i know most people get stomach issues after rona but i had it a month ago and in some ways my ibs d has been better .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
guy who doesnt play the game wants others to not play either because reasons
that 's great to hear your pao lasted so long .
if i had some confidence in it lasting even half that time for me then i 'd probably opt for it .
i commented in another reply but i have n't been given great predictions on outcomes especially in terms of the life of a pao-preserved hip vs. a hip replacement .
if you have n't already please take a minute to read our rules r/adhd/about/rules we will remove your post if it breaks one and also check out our list of official megathreads here r/adhd/wiki/megathreads .
if your post fits into one of them it is likely to be removed if you think this might happen you can delete your post here and resubmit it there instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adhd if you have any questions or concerns .
i know that i do n't like the inclusion of kodak black .
i also know that i really like the album overall conceptually lyrically and musically .
but it confuses my perception of kendrick as a person i admire and an artist who influenced many people .
i am torn as to how to feel about when a rapist is featured .
east side of central ave north on the gravel road past the bio park chut dumps back into the rio grande cats largemouth trout white bass carp walleye and in 25 years 1 black crappie .
feel like that 's logical the old saying people want what they ca n't have but i ca n't help feel some type of way about it .
yeah but you feel some kind of way about it ?
if you were being practical you 'd be like win-win but you feel some kind of way .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=chloewalker8273 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
dude honestly if a feminist took a video documentary of this .
it 's very very dark humour but all in good fun .
the full thread with most of the removed comments visible https www.reveddit.com/v/pics/comments/vi7261/on_a_norwegian_fishing_boat_in_the_artic_circle ? ps_after=1655915428 2c1655917320 2c1655918828 2c1655919795 2c1655920475 2c1655921212 2c1655922023 2c1655922827 2c1655923559 2c1655924183 2c1655924765 2c1655925208 2c1655926049 2c1655927236 2c1655928560 2c1655929847 2c1655931972 2c1655934623 2c1655942407
those are the same people that spend 2 minutes clearing every leaf and obstruction from their putt path lol .
you should consider getting checked for pcos as well !
not sure what the process would be like in the us but hormonal/adult acne is a symptom .
if this is a medical emergency please call emergency services as soon as possible !
disclaimer the information provided on this subreddit is for educational purposes only and does not substitute for professional medical advice .
we strongly advise you to consult a medical professional or healthcare provider if you 're seeking medical advice diagnoses or treatment .
anyone providing advice on this subreddit is not liable for risks or issues associated with using or acting upon the information provided .
please make sure you have included in your post your country of residence age sex race height weight diagnosed medical conditions prescriptions or supplements and dosages drug use including marijuana smoking status duration of complaint the issue you 've been having and your specific question .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medical_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
glory playlist ascendant shards and exotics on win for high elo with lower elo having lower percentages like heroic vs master nightfalls cosmetic reward for unbroken”/getting to a certain elo
i 'd love to see pvp have two separate experiences that both provide good rewards and more importantly good gameplay .
i think creating a pvp farmable option separate from trials similar to how raids are separate from nightfalls would be more effective at getting people to play both of them .
i also desperately want to see my rank and my opponent 's rank in the updated glory playlist .
i do n't give a shit if i 'm wood tier just let me know that .
me too.. so i decided to wait and just by the coin if it comes out
it is or rather it 's a fantasy thing originally made for r/worldbuilding
maybe it 's just me but i do n't like the fact that we live in a society where people who are literally immobilized still have to do something or else they 'll die from homelessness .
frlegendshub.com https www.frlegendshub.com largest and fastest growing fan-run community with all of the latest news livery codes and coolest features to date !
fr legends hub discord https discord.gg/mqedqj3hat speak directly to the staff and members of fr legends hub !
fr legends livery group facebook https www.facebook.com/groups/520884292110533 dedicated to actively sharing liveries
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/frlegends if you have any questions or concerns .
went from a pack a day to a pack every few days then a week then i just stopped buying cigarettes .
now when if i have a cigar or a cigarette at the bar it light my sinuses up the next day .
that is enough of a reminder why i quit .
needs to be wrapped with the wonder bread theme .
i know he 'd let me take it for a spin .
life is n't about finding yourself its about creating your self .
there are literally signals the big boys use to communicate through lvl2 data
right now i 've got two men two men with a gut full of fear .
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls ... dyin ' times here !
bad things happen to bakugo is not the same as consequences for his actions .
also half of these are unrelated to his bullying of deku lol .
he got beat up by all might cuz it 's a
also growth is n't a consequence of being a shitty person .
he has absolutely gotten off scot-free for how shitty a person he was at the beginning .
the police spent the summer of 2020 brutally beating macing and arresting peaceful protesters who dared to demand accountability for police killing unarmed black people over minor offenses .
the gandhi trap does n't work anymore not with an entire right-wing media propaganda apparatus entrenched in our society .
meanwhile every armed protest that i have seen in my life has gone unmolested by those same cops .
maybe it 's because they agreed with their cause but my guess is that the pigs do n't like their subjects to have a parody of arms .
they went to a lottery based system in october 2020 because of the pandemic .
this was never intended to remain beyond a year or two .
you 're race baiting just like the person on twitter .
assuming that the good character recognizes that there even is civilians on the other side .
after all they 're all inhuman monsters that only exist to terrorize humanity..
just comes back to the orcs are evil so is killing an orc child an evil act '' debate from forever ago .
i 'm not the commenter who said give me 5 minutes ''
this is n't nearly as puzzling as the singer from counting crows getting all those chicks back in the day .
yeah there 's no way he 's gon na fight alex wassabi i mean he 's no where as good as jj i mean it could be like a small littel fight but still i doubt it i think the person he 's gon na fight is probably like some random guy that 's not famous so yeah i think if mcbroom beats gib then yeah i think ksi should definitely fight him after his fight in august then i think he should do a couple of fights then fight jake paul .
i caught a beating like that once but unlike you i deserved it .
i love the rocky horror picture show playing in the background .
what a guy makes you cry und i did ... ..
beef up your profile and mention that you do sitting .
ohh see most of our truck stops are just fuel and some food most have amenities but not truck accessories
you should be happy with the 2a decision then .
it limits states rights '' in superseding the constitution .
but then again imagine the merchants playing their song with a loose string
bags still go through an x-ray if you can hide 10 pounds from something that can literally see through your bag id be impressed .
the state police do n't have the dogs sniffing for pot anymore either they forced those dogs into early retirment .
cheney may be all honorable but her policy positions are no different than the vast majority of her colleagues .
i had two rads miss a hairline fx in my tailbone even after i pointed it out .
had to travel out of state to a specialist their rads still missed it .
the specialist walked to radiology with me to point out they keep missing it and they finally gave in and said oh yes i see it now .
docs really need to stop relying 100 on rad reports .
rads have a lot on their plate and are pushed to read quickly not accurately .
also of note i worked in a 3d lab where we helped on a lot of research projects .
once we were used as part of the research and they wanted to compare how well 3d techs could find small aneurysms compared to the neuro radiologists
the techs scored higher on finding aneurysms than the rads .
now of course we 'd probably be terrible at finding a lot of other pathology but it just goes to show that docs need to look at the whole picture and show respect for the whole team so that patients get the best outcomes .
nothing in there looks like you got even a bit of strongarm .
faxxx definitely worthy of a title shot after this absolute banger between two top lightweights
however your submission has been removed because your account does not have a verified email .
this is a new measure we are trying out to deter trolls and spammers and make the sub safer for everyone .
you can verify your email address on the reddit preferences page https www.reddit.com/prefs/update .
if you have any issues with verification please contact reddit support at r/help .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
people blow these terrorists off like they 're jerks or idiots .
i actually think its really cute hehe i think the biggest thing that sticks out to me is the position of the ears and nose for a 3/4 view .
the nose is closer to the very tip of the snout which almost make it look like a side view whereas the ears are very flat which could make it look like a head-on view .
my recommendation is to make the ears more like a cup '' in the way it folds similar to the real animal .
it will give the illusion of depth and make the ears fluffier too !
as for the nose i suggest bringing it closer to the center juuuuuust a smidge .
a guidelike for not only the base of the head but the snout is a good way to avoid that problem in the future .
unique style and im always a lover of big eyes .
this user does not have a compass on record .
you can add your compass to your profile by replying with mycompass politicalcompass.org url or sapplyvalues.github.io url .
in middle school we were banned from using the bathroom bc the guys would poop and pee in the corners of the bathroom bc the toilets would be full of trash that they 'd stuff down there .
ppl also hid alcohol and drugs in the ceiling tiles and people hid chocolate milk cartons in the ceiling tiles and they would explode and smell absolutely awful so the boys got caught and everyone couldnt use the school bathrooms for the rest of the year
bro i do n't care what temperature water boils and freezes .
i want a good idea of how hot it is outside at a quick glance and the 0 cold to 100 hot and beyond obv works way better
i brought a factory refurb ds1812 for 450 back in 2015 money well spent imo .
the only thing wrong w ds1812 is that it 's too slow regardless of amount of ram if you need to run apps in the background eg active backup or dockers .
it start to be problem even just transfer files and running hyperbackup .
yea btrfs+shr2 and running apps is not something old cpu handle very well .
but after migrating to ds1819 i just shove bunch of old hdd on the ds1812 running shr1 and use it as secondary backup for critical data .
yes you wo n't get dsm update anymore but there it 's not like it 's just stop working .
if you are not always running something new all the time then nas will always serve its basic functions regardless of how old .
i 'm not goth i just do n't have to put effort into matching stuff or worrying about stains .
make sure to clean my nether region thoroughly with baby wipes
not because of the sex but because your gf is really unpleasant .
he is still a whale and part of the reason why those games work .
just because you can afford it doesnt mean you should support it especially if you preach anti p2w and mtx day in and out .
the whole he is only doing it to show others how bad it is '' is a dumbass meme and i cant believe some people unironically think that way .
looks good but could be improved by 2 little details
there is a lot of action going on so it 's hard to read the subtitles and see what is happening at the same time .
either include description by voice or make some pure text screen followed by the video clip maybe ?
humans do not need three plus meals a day .
it 's very common for people to eat once a day or less .
lol that 's shaking my head ... sucks u could n't find what u was looking for
needs to improve creating his own shot but if he can do that rockets have a great pick
i 'm guessing you have to do subscription now for it to be useable ?
i was about to post way too much money to pay for that car !
prehistoric peoples used to drill holes into skulls to possibly relieve headaches .
the aircraft in the picture sky news have chosen to use is an embraer 190sr operated by ba cityflyer the wholly owned subsidiary of ba .
they operate out of london city airport primarily whose staff will not be striking .
why in the year 2022 do we continue to live by an article of paper written hundreds of years ago when they could n't even conceptualize the idea of receiving mail more than twice a month ?
why not make new amendments using the olds as a guideline so that everyone 's black female gay freedoms can be included this time around for once ?
as much as that is a big help i was more referring to the discord that wolfe made in the 2019 however the guide website is very helpful so thank you for that
your review for hed490706 has been added to the user review directory https www.reddit.com/r/takeaplantleaveaplant/wiki/userdirectory .
about user reviews https www.reddit.com/r/takeaplantleaveaplant/wiki/userreviews user review directory https www.reddit.com/r/takeaplantleaveaplant/wiki/userdirectory message the moderation team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftakeaplantleaveaplant
my then boyfriend told me he loved me for the first time at a hot chip concert in 2008 .
perrottet needs to be voted out at the nsw state election .
yeah that posing does n't help it looks more like a toy than a model kit .
took taxis back in the day before uber and now take uber .
raised a child and never asked a neighbor to drive me anywhere .
if i took a shot every time i saw 'socons ' being brought up when pc/cpc party was discussed i 'd get drunk daily .
leslyn lewis is the only socon in this year 's conservative leadership .
2021 a4/5/6 with 2.0t have gen4 e888 same revision as in gen8 gti/golfr/arteon and current mild hybrid base porsche macans but i do n't know if the water pump is any different than the latest revision waterpump used in the gen3s .
the latest gen3 waterpump was more reliable than the previous ones though .
simple solution here too is daughter gets her own ice but that assumes she is n't so young she ca n't reach the ice dispenser .
example i do n't like it when you and your mother plan for her to take on such a large part of child-rearing .
it makes me feel infantalized and it is damaging to my state of mind. i do n't like it when your mother takes on the primary care-giver role .
i understand that i needed more help when i was struggling but i 'm doing well right now and i need to be the primary care giver for my children.
it really seems like they 're tip-toeing around you waiting for your next mental health crisis that is surely on the way with the new baby .
you need to shut this crap down hard because she 's going to go after your newborn if she thinks you 're unfit .
if you have a close relationship with your mom it would be great to plan an extended visit right after the birth .
as in thanks mil my mom will be staying with me for two weeks so you can visit but we do n't need your help .
where in the us would you say an american can not own a gun ?
because frisk is referred to as a child multiple times and i dont know about you but i 've never heard anyone other then a persons parents refer to them as child after the are a teenager
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
we all have been waiting but both sides wo n't let it get released they would rather we hate each other .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jerkofftomarathicelbs if you have any questions or concerns .
but it was n't just a bunch of iconic phrases like mario .
that 's how it 's been for at least 5 years now maybe 10 or more .
board gamers have always been obsessed with the new hotness for as long as i can remember .
the best thing ev owners can do right now is to stay away from kia and hyundai .
ioniq5 was recalled because the car went parked war well moving due to electrical issues .
now toyota seems to be willing to join the group .
safety is n't being taken very seriously i guess .
i mean how messed up can the car be for the wheel to come loose .
thanos was able to grab it midair and use it against thor .
he never channeled any energy through it so that may not count as wielding '' it but he was able to grab it and move it which is more than villains were able to do with mjolnir .
we do n't allow direct linking to social media .
please review reddit 's global rules about personal information https www.reddit.com/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/trashy if you have any questions or concerns .
edit this design › https rlcd.github.io/form ? bi=maestro bp=grey di=marred shard dp=sky blue wi=debutante crystalized pc=d8 ac=d10 t=orange
wild rift does n't have chromas not everyone is a league pc player
i had the exact same thought i was surprised she said that while with another child without her son .
yup i had to go back for a second scan and now have to get a fetal echocardiogram because they could n't get the views they needed/little guy would n't cooperate .
dude i can think of dcelia and dfen right off the bat who r better than him .
then there 's dliese and other units too i 'm sure .
i 'm not too concerned contract wise more that willy may just want a change of scenery by then .
i 'd say just keep trying different versions of this .
maybe make some of the bird wings flapping in different directions .
he 's like 46 now i doubt he can protect the 0 any longer .
sometimes your golden legendaries being trash is a blessing .
when there 's no good deck for the card but you 're not sure if you might want to play it in the future and end up hoarding a 1600 dust card you never played instead of crafting something you would use .
idk why but i always enjoyed the sour ones better
the most dangerous animals in my area are probably ticks .
a 10 vat added onto our existing taxes is absolutely fucking bonkers .
do you have any comprehension of what that would do to consumer prices ?
i try in 10 years im 28 so still my life ahead of me but it 's sometimes hard not to get suicidal thoughts
i did n't know you were comparing starbucks prices with home prices .
is this what you tell everyone who wants to go out to eat or drink but skimp on extras because of not wanting to pay an extra 30 ?
she 's an effective conservative when she sticks to what she 's good at alberta energy .
she 's literally a pat brown shill and can never be trusted again .
but i i had assumed everyone had concussions in their childhood .
i like your theories especially the last one ! ! !
i really hope jake is alive and did n't get caught by the fbi 😔
i see no real-world evidence for the idea that there would n't have been scientific and moral development if the quran had n't been revealed when it was .
the biggest moral developments in history have included the abolition of slavery the rise of feminism the development of human rights and the end of colonialism .
all these things happened many centuries after the quran was revealed — and they were n't led by muslims .
muslims made some nice scientific contributions but so did others especially europeans .
and absent islam who 's to say that persians and arabs and turkic peoples would n't have still made scientific contributions ?
wow i think it goes without saying that you are nta .
my dad told me when i graduated from high school
you 'll never get what you deserve in life .
records for 2013-2022 are from pierre elliot trudeau airport https climate.weather.gc.ca/climate_data/daily_data_e.html ? stationid=51157
records for 1941-2013 are from pierre elliot trudeau airport https climate.weather.gc.ca/climate_data/daily_data_e.html ? stationid=5415
records for 1871-1940 are from mcgill https climate.weather.gc.ca/climate_data/daily_data_e.html ? stationid=5420
oh ... so people started in 2022 to sleep on their back ?
to be fair though game knights is sponsors by wizards .
and set based episodes are especially produced to be advertisement for the set 'showcased ' .
so adding d d lore was probably a criteria as it was the main marketing point of the set
are you thinking of this incident https twitter.com/alsuraenglish/status/978019557792256002 ? t=k9fqiph_uguzglmvh5nsmg s=19 ?
i really hope this is n't the same incident just from a different angle .
the one in the tweet from sa took about 8 seconds from launch to impact .
the one in this post was closer to 4 seconds .
text is very small in kindle version and there is very little space .
i even used a 16:9 ratio on the book to get it as close to phone size as i could .
i guess mountain dew did n't exist yet so it makes this meme historically accurate
saw lincoln riley 's name and wanted to drop an 😏
i think confrontation is important in this case but i think it will be most effective if you do n't give him a chance to speak for himself .
do n't let him make up excuses or try to explain anything just straight up i know that you set up a hidden camera in room and that 's not okay .
i 'm removing you from the campaign and the discord permanently .
i will not for a second tolerate behavior like that and you need to know that what you did is disgusting and honestly illegal .
first time i heard this beautiful sonata was a recording of wilhelm kempff and yehudi menuhin .
there are better recordings out there but nothing replaces that for me
george takei as the warden on the prison platform .
rené auberjonois as both the gan jin leader and the mechanist .
if you ca n't tell i 'm a bit of a trek fan .
agreed but whatever they do i have blind faith in the writers of this show .
they have delivered consistent quality for each episode every season and it 's not like it 's 1:1 with the source material a lot of it is very original and their ability to write original stuff and make it better than the source material even lends to the credibility .
i do n't remember the last show i watched that had such consistent great quality content .
i do n't like the defiled chalice it would be easier if i was n't at half health and got one shot by everything .
i 'm on amygdala so i 'm almost done with the chalice then i have to do one more
your post was removed because it did not contain one of the required tags or the tag was not properly formatted .
please review the sub rules and repost with the appropriate tag thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/underweargw if you have any questions or concerns .
here in germany sunday is a rest day and nearly all businesses are closed .
as a kid especially growing up in a small town i hated it .
friends were often not available going to chuch visiting grandparents etc .
taking a step back from the stressfull work routine .
enjoying to relax cycling through nature reading a book etc .
and of course only i decide if i 'm available for other people .
wow i was on the edges of figuring it out here the hob in retrospect is the first type you wade across below or downstream of it .
i did n't pay enough attention to this trout habitat '' sign neither did many other people it seems .
the sign very clearly tells you that the madison is home spawning ground and year-round habitat to brown and rainbow trout .
the sign itself is not the hob it merely helps the searcher get on the correct path to figuring out home of brown '' .
there are several ways a searcher might do that including asking local fishing guides .
note that put in below '' as i noted originally could refer to a type of thing associated with the stream itself .
in other words the home '' would be in the water which logically reduces to brown '' being an aquatic phenomenon .
you then go through the options one of which is that brown '' refers to an unusual and maybe even unique occurrence of brown trout .
the marketing deals he would get in chatsworth and van nuys would be stupendous ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nbacirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
und ich habe gerade eine bildungslücke mist darf in diesem kontext äh zusammenhang ja blackout '' nicht verwenden wie drückt man ich bin in einer abusiven beziehung '' denn auf rein germanisch aus ?
i 'm claudius bc if anyone is trying to find me i 'm hiding behind a curtain
i like jemmye but this is probably more about who 's reveal it is than it is about anastasia .
ca n't really blame viktor for accidental power transfer .
plus he tries to fix it once he finds out .
this is for builds happening now which even though i put my deposit down a couple of months ago now it still has n't been put in the system so my build will not have it .
looks like i 'll be looking to get that deposit back unfortunately
i sure hope not because i want to see boots in the moon !
no matter where i am in this shitty existence at that point i know it will brighten my day !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/adorablenudes if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a itty bitty penny whip from tyler jadeye that i love for indoor use .
it 's 2.5 feet and idk what the handle is but it 's so itty bitty .
your post has been automatically removed due to self promotion .
please promote your live streams in the weekly promote thread that is pinned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatnotapp if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like someone has terrible coordination and or awful social skills .
you do n't want to play with anyone else !
mama hold me he has a ... ... face that makes my fist want to connect with it .
bruh there 's a 0.05 chance you knew what the epistle of titus was before today .
i did n't know what it was before today .
if you 're still asking if this is gmod .
i 've not traded anything but i 'm not against it .
as with so much islamic content the good stuff is mostly in arabic .
unfortunately when the internet standardized urls the definition was that they just contain only latin characters so when you copy a url containing non-latin characters you end up with the sketchy mess you see here .
using a site like https www.url-encode-decode.com you can see that the sketchy url actually decodes to the following url https ar.islamway.net/fatwa/16333/فصل-في-قوله-صلى-الله-عليه-وسلم-المرء-مع-من-أحب
tl dr url 's were never upgraded to support non latin characters natively .
this causes non latin urls to look sketchy when shared .
thanks for startpage now i am using customized version of it .
however i did n't figured out how to change region for wether in settings of it country code required but what country code even is ?
i 've tried alpha 2 and 3 codes dialing code iso 3166-1-numeric code and they do n't work at all .
this is why so many people are commenting her body her choice '' is because op framed the whole situation he did n't want his wife to do the reduction made his feelings known thought his wife would magically change her mind and now he 's pissed that she did n't .
it 's okay to not find her attractive anymore but the way he frames it behaving thinking like a child is not .
she knew i was n't a fan of her doing this .
but she still went forward with it and here we are .
up until the actual surgery today i thought she might change her mind .
the puss-dripping zit in the top right is just excessive
according to our information as of 2021-09-26 kratom is not legal in the following us jurisdictions
mississippi counties of alcorn itawamba lowndes monroe tishomingo pearl .
purchasing carrying or shipping kratom to these areas is unlawful and penalties may be severe .
if traveling make alternative plans to avoid travel though these areas with kratom even if it is not your final destination .
those who have air-travel layovers in these states should be ok if their kratom is in checked luggage but contact a lawyer if concerned .
posts seeking to find information about shipping will be removed under rule 4 https www.reddit.com/r/kratom/about/rules do not advocate for illegal acitivity . ''
if your post is about clairification of these laws or to discuss re-legalization efforts moderators have been notified and it may be manually approved .
other kratom related laws information for residents/purchasers in these areas
denver city and county requires all kratom products be labeled not for human consumption '' at point of sale but not for those who may possess it .
arizona georgia nevada utah have passed the kratom consumer protection act kcpa which explicitly permits use 18 requires testing and requires labeling and has other vendor-compliance issues .
kcpa efforts are ongoing in several us states with several showing promise including some states that are currently illegal .
if the laws in any of these places have changed please contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kratom if you have any questions or concerns .
they 'll need another committee for that after the resolution passes the committee that decides whether to form new committees of course .
and in as little as twenty years the resolution to give our kids school lunch may become a bill that gives billions in federal money to a federal contractor that gives the kids nutraloaf twice a week .
unsure if it 's a doc but close-up blurs the lines a lot between narrative feature and doc and is absolutely amazing .
i 've seen tv shows and movies and read stories where super awesome criminals get to become helper consultants because their mindset and skill set are just incredible .
if this guy continues and his notoriety increases maybe they will give him a nice steady job so he stops stealing routes .
like a substitute teacher a jack of a trains .
parts of it is publicly funded through tax dollars other areas of the system are private meaning people pay out of pocket or through insurance .
not watching this reality tv show sport bum league anymore bye
are they going to test fire or test fill or test can crush then move it back and forth a dozen more times ?
i 'm sorry you do n't have a girlfriend to help you .
not that i disagree with the idea of insurance but i do have one point to clariy something .
the percentage of gunowners in the us is much larger than just a small subset '' .
there are over 400 million firearms in private ownership in the us .
that 's not just 10 million people with 40 firearms each .
it 's not 100 million owners with 4 firearms each .
as of 2020 42 of adults were reporting that they lived in a home with at least one firearm .
there are more firearms in private ownership in the us than cars .
the difference is great enough that even though us gun deaths just recently exceeded us car accident deaths annually you 're still more likely to die from a car crash than from a firearm .
i second op used them for six months were terrible .
they did loosen to clip in but still terrible .
just makes such a strange crunchy sound/feel as you clip in .
they started to phase out 24 hour opening a few years before covid in other places .
i think the plan was no stores would be 24 hours by now anyway .
mostly steam and with the other ones it depends on who gave me the game for free .
future reference you can double tap items and it auto slots it for you but keep ya head on a swivel
it 's still a human the birth canal is not a magic tunnel of transformation .
he said he will no longer be making them so glad i got one when i could .
do not repost this without contacting the mods for approval .
this post violates rule 8 posts should be truthful and reflect recent conflicts you 've had that need arbitration .
please be sure to read any sub 's rules before reposting this elsewhere .
we can not direct you to another subreddit we can only say that this post does not belong here .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole subject=/r/amitheasshole message=please+link+to+post+or+comment+for+context we can not review+without+this+info 0d 0ddescribe+your+question+in+detail if you have any questions or concerns that are not already answered in our faq https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq .
if you make changes or edits to this post do not repost it here without our express permission .
because i 'm anxious about having a bunch of sh ! t to do tomorrow so i guess now i 'll just have to do it tired too .
glad i did n't see this til after my trip to hawaii lol
the two spells i\`m looking at are melf\`s minute meteors and crown of stars .
crown of stars is just melf\`s but without concentration .
if they used either of those as a model for witch bolt\`s mechanics then i would still be happy with the thirty foot range .
witch bolt is still a level one spell after all .
the way it stands now though it\`s just a trap for newbies .
definitely the black caliburn we get from the queen of the highway '' panam palmer but better handling has javelina that we can get from dakota so it would probably be the choice for you .
but if you asked me for the best vehicle in the game that would be the queen of the highway '' panam palmer 's warhorse .
there would be no competition with this car literally .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
wife 😨 they did not spend 100 billion dollars on a wedding and pump money into the overpriced wedding industry 😡🤬
base of the machine looks like a giant echo dot
this word jabroni you keep using it and ... it 's awesome .
it 's switched hands to hang forward now but yes wall-e is pan now
so the mighty russian army will maybe have advanced just down the road by then ?
cards on the table i fully expected russia to wipe the floor with ukraine and have this whole thing done in a week or two .
i was n't happy about feeling that way but hey .
now i see russia 's true power and it 's just endless entertainment .
ukraines in for a tough one and will likely end up with a hostile border like south and north korea before the dmz and probably wo n't take back large swaths of land .
but we 're talking about a country that was spending 2billion on its defence forces only a few years ago compared to one that spends some 70billion and has 1 million men ! '' .
love the pants but the polar express eyes are giving me the ick
again you 're not making any real points to back your argument though it 's because you have none
you 're just saying over and over again that i 'm only making this point because of my bias and ego when in fact your attachment to the wrong interpretation of what happened is coming from both those places
if you had more than two brains cells you could see this
there was history with my wife and i before i met my ex .
my wife said she wanted to try to work things out i left my ex for that reason .
it 's still more complicated than that but are n't most relationships ?
i loved my ex i just loved my wife more .
i broke up with my ex before my wife and i started back to dating exclusively .
i dunno ... you may be right then again when you pour your heart and soul into someone and you are reduced to needing to beg for their affection ... you try living like that for months on end and see how you feel about your partner .
incidentally this is n't the first time for this issue .
my wife has a habit of pulling away from me and living in her own head .
this is the first time in our long marriage that i even mentioned my ex .
i wanted her to know that me being with her was a choice i made and i sacrificed the love of another to be with her that she should n't take advantage of me always being there that i mattered in our relationship as well .
you want to call me toxic for that fine .
maybe ask me some questions first before you pretend to know me and judge me .
my wife are on the path to healing our relationship .
neither one of us wants to get a divorce .
i 'd love to fill it with my bwc please may i show you it ?
i could make jokes but i ca n't decide so ...
friendly remider that saytama did lose to popeye in dearh battle .
help make squaredcircle safer and more inclusive by using the report button to flag posts and comments for moderator review .
if you need to contact a moderator you can message us here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle if you have any questions or concerns .
normally the number is located between the lugs at the 12′ position .
the only time i 'll really let it go is if it 's a deck i do n't see often and want to learn or if it 's in general a cool deck that i want to admire .
the only one i use is reddit because there 's no expectation to follow anyone and no expectation to post mindless trivia about everything i do .
he said some bs like diaz 's striking would force usman to wrestle .
i honestly thought he was joking until he kept with it .
some say it 's an artificially created ethnic group .
and many groups joined '' the hans in order to avoid hardship .
it 's not so dissimilar to italian immigrants joining the white '' class in america
the idea of the han seems to be very recent as well .
i 'm no chinese genealogy expert but these are just things i 've picked up mostly from conversations with a very passionate manchu friend of mine
people are taught infatuation should continue forever if they meet the right person .
you 'll hate anybody if you 're with them long enough .
you have to work to make a relationship last and at many points you 'll have to choose to keep going for logistical reasons
i am horrible with colors cause i can not tell what 's what
this album is so packed with little details im loving it .
try south bangalore and chennai to be precise for premium racist experience in india .
you 'll like punekars a lot more😂😂😂 i 'm from khandesh and stayed in all three cities .
the principles can help anyone retire sooner than they otherwise would thus cutting down on years working throughout their lifetime
i 'm using the m1a1 with default rounds and it 's like damn near impossible to do anything😭
i think of myself as crazy gentle too but i have partners who have some deeper and rougher kinks .
now initially we kept me and their harder kinks a little bit seperate because i was n't interested in that kind of thing but as we got closer and i grew more comfortable with them i found that i wanted to at least have a little experiment with some of the slightly tougher things that made them feel good .
it 's actually really surprising or it was to me !
how rough you can get a without actually causing pain because i am not in any way interested in causing pain and b while maintaining a soft loving gentle dominance .
i spank one of my partners because he loves it and he 's cradled across my lap and squirmy and happy and i 'm not causing him ‘pain ' as such it 's the indignity of it and a little bit of a sting more than anything it 's the submission of the act .
i have another lover who likes to be bitten and again i have surprised myself with how far down that road you can go and still be incredibly gentle and caring etc .
their responses to my attention are really what drives me so being able to see how submissive and relaxed they get in my hands is a huge deal for me .
that and being confident that they trust me and that they are strong people in themselves and i can rely on their ability to use their safe word if they feel even the slightest desire to do so .
that side of the trusting relationship i think does n't get as much attention as maybe it should .
i completely trust my partners to be aware of where they are and to feel confident enough in the environment and relationships we have to communicate with me .
nothing in the world has ever felt worse that the one time i had a sub safeword out and it became apparent that they 'd ‘held on ' too long because they were n't confident enough .
everything worked out ok and we both got big cuddles out of it afterwards but building that faith in them that they 'll also be aware and keep us both safe in the scene is such a big deal .
offenbar hat es dir gefallen sonst wären wir nicht an diesem punkt .
wenn deine bedingung für eine beziehung ist dass ich sport mache und meine ernährung umstelle sollten wir die sache an dieser stelle abbrechen .
i 'm also in the same boat as you op .
you will die just does n't do anything for me .
even at times of getting a low this feeling alone in my opinion is like the equivalent of death .
these lows become frequent and then build up resistance .
after time it feels like my efforts are fruitless and results in switching off the 'i care button's '
the better question is how long till they get banned again ?
it seems like these bots do n't live that long before they are banned again .
i thought you were only attracted to libras forgive me 💀
putting regular estus there would be a pain to get used to .
ive put only my mana estus there and it was a lifesaver .
note a role they gave to themselves as if the consent of the governed is somehow not relevant in a democracy
if you 'd like to receive a weekly recap of popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links send me a message with the subject 'popheads ' https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=musicmirrorman subject=popheads message=for 20a 20daily 20recap 2c 20make 20the 20subject 20 27popheads 20daily 27 or send me a chat with the text popheads
links to search result pages amazon https music.amazon.com/search/salem+ilese+crypto e2 82 bfoy apple music https music.apple.com/us/search ? term=salem+ilese+crypto e2 82 bfoy bandcamp https bandcamp.com/search ? q=salem+ilese+crypto e2 82 bfoy deezer https deezer.com/search/salem 20ilese 20crypto 20₿oy/track soundcloud https soundcloud.com/search/sounds ? q=salem+ilese+crypto e2 82 bfoy spotify https open.spotify.com/search/salem 20ilese 20crypto 20₿oy tidal https listen.tidal.com/search ? q=salem+ilese+crypto e2 82 bfoy youtube music https music.youtube.com/search ? q=salem+ilese+crypto e2 82 bfoy
let me know the names of any other subreddits in which you want me to look for mirrors .
my high school gf and i would have shower sex when she was bleeding .
lets see rm2 nasi lemak is even smaller than baby size now .
so we headin towards paying rm1 for a spoon of nasi lemak huh
so when the toothpaste runs out and the floss stick wears out what then ?
you 're all idiots that need to move out of your parent 's basement ... no wait stay there .
it 's safer for you there and the rest of the public at large .
the only thing is they 're both gorgeous in their own classes .
and i think it 'd be hot as hell if they got together and dated .
i 'd rather date them myself obviously but them together is much better than them with any of you lame perverts who exist solely in your delusions .
to put it mildly they 're both too hot much too hot for you undeserving fukwits .
nobody that is n't even in somebody elses class deserve to even comment on their appearances or mindset .
so yeah he did n't win three coins i was right
yoooo i do n't have any fingernails also because of a different condition but my fingers look just like this .
that 's not true the energy released by burning 1 kg of methane is 55.5 mj raptor burns 140 kg/s with 33 firing simultaneously that 's a power output of 256,000 mw .
the largest power plant on the planet is the three gorges dam in china with a power output of roughly 22,500 mw .
you didnt say anything about running on platforms though .
you said they had public statements supporting gay marriage .
2004 obama opposes the federal defense of marriage act while running for a u.s. senate seat in illinois .
marriage is between a man and a woman obama says .
who says i 'm not capable of multiple layers of thought .
i can support the action while complaining about inaction on something else all at the same time .
so he 's designed around em and multi-hit attacks .
i guess that means his preferred reaction will be intensify ?
interesting that they would go the charged shot route if that 's the case .
an easy was to kill maruaders is decoy nades gas grenades .
chuck a decoy once jeff starts heading toward it chuck a gas grenade in the same spot .
even without a pen mod it will take him down much much quicker than a manticore .
knife run the starport warehouse to farm medium blue suppressors .
more guns vehicles loot traders helis airdrops party dogtags and more .
this means the person logging must not have taken or given damage for 10 minutes
no blocking of roads shipping containers or watch towers .
no building in a prisons fire stations police stations medical buildings or military bases .
basebuildingplus basicterritories codelock trader banking muchcarkey carepackages dayz dog dogtags dna keycards custom tents king of the hill breachingcharges bulletstack toxiczone free helicopters inventoryincar novehicledamage additional medic supplies salinebag plus modular vest system better inspect gas pump refueling powerpole lights remastered arma weapon pack arma2 acr weapon pack snafu weapons cannabisplus drugsplus cl0ud 's military gear docs weapon pack flip transport rus vehicles morefood muchstuffpack notifications server information panel spawnselection vanillaplusplusmap partyme global chat unlimited stamina
i have done both one shot barrels and also float valve fed .
i have no definitive answer but my thinking is that as the float valve is topping up one drip at a time it 's keeping a constant nutrient profile .
in the absence of a float valve a plant that gets let say tipped out once per month and topped up once in-between that plant is having more of a rollercoaster of ec .
you made a bunch of claims about the entire hindudom
hindi lahat ng tao ay hindi nakikitungo o ayaw may pakikisalamuha sa mga dayuhan '' may mga taga-mindanao na nagkikipag-sapalaran sa sinasabi mong lugar at nakikisama ng maayos .
do n't tell me you actually have a persecution complex .
also best to fix your front yard first before accusing others .
abbott as health minister in howard 's government put personal control of the ru486 pill he had approval for its issuance .
howard and abbott were using selective data to say abortion rate was too high here and women were using it as convenient birth control .
gary humphries liberal chief minister attorney general health minister in the act introduced laws requiring women seeking an abortion to view colour photos of foetuses in the womb with their gp before getting the procedure .
even when abortion is legal the conservatives here do their utmost to restrict it .
services in regional areas are very restrictive due to many reasons including funding .
labor members have voted against abortion there are conservative religous in labor .
it is not a us issue it is a human rights issue same asnprotesting against human rights issues in other countries .
if you do n't show you care governments will think you do n't care others will think they have no support and it may lead to similar laws here .
i 'm gon na be honest i do n't think i 've seen any monet hate this season on here twitter or instagram idk what you people are talking about
i do n't want him to be in the movie actually i do n't hate metal sonic i think shadow and sonic rivalry is enough we do n't need a third person in it
im sure her breasts are fake as well ... .gee her family must be well proud ! ! !
what an achievement stripping on tt and instagram for kids and perverts to see ! ! !
just the other day she was going on about crusty pervo men looking at her at the coffee shop ... 😂😂😂😂😂😂 ... lay off the booze and drugs love turned ur brain to soggy cardboard ! !
my best female friend said i do n't get dates because of my height and race and she 's correct .
if i change my photos to a taller better looking white guy i get 500 likes easily and can set up dates every day .
so i 'm pretty sure it 's just that and nothing else .
encountering a bunch of filipino nazis is a pretty common occurrence in my feed .
i think the nazi pipeline starts with an unknowledgeable filipino reading articles or watching documentaries about the military innovations of the third reich from then afterwards they 'll get a bit political extremist .
i would say that asking questions might be a start .
these could be questions about their experience would you be willing to share some of your experiences with me ? ''
or questions that relate directly to god could you have had a terrible experience with the church and yet jesus still have resurrected from the dead ?
find out where they are at and why ask questions to find out more from them and listen to them charitably .
you do not have the opportunity to undo the hurt they have experienced but you do have the opportunity to be the best representative of christianity you can be .
we will not reply to modmail messages similar to what is reason my post was removed ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
we will not tell you how much karma you need .
please do not message us about this we need the minimum karma filter to prevent spam .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsessions if you have any questions or concerns .
i just wish petsmart/petco would just stop this is plain abuse .
there 's many other problems that come from mill breeding .
i 'm glad i adopted him but it makes me so sad
edit alright now that i actually now i do n't want to imagine anymore fuck that shit .
yes and there are peole that get killed by safety belts .
and as we have repeatedly seen just having doing a job for a long time doent make tou infallible .
wait you guys give '' your excess power back to the grid ?
over here we sell it back to the grid lol
it is software that compares submitted work to a database of other submissions and published works .
the result is a of similarity to other works and your submission will be flagged if it goes above a certain threshold .
it 's used by just about every university in the uk at least
that or a cat bed c i like it either way tbh flaws and all 3
i mean not sure why you decided to rant about video game boobs here .
it 's not even closely related to the post .
god does n't care because in all likelihood he does n't exist .
if you choose to believe then good for you .
i hope it makes you happy but you have to realise it 's just a thing you have chosen to believe .
please do n't impose your personal beliefs on others .
the issue is that they do n't see abortion as religious .
i once had a conversation about abortion rights to an extremely religious ex friend and she just kept saying it 's not religious and it 's not wrong to save lives and just kept repeating it .
haha best gift for my boyfriend if i had any
i knew there was something why i hated oysters so much now i can say this everytime someone wants to eat some with me
card looks great despite the injury bug going full hog .
side-note i have n't kept up with everything aew did n't sweve turn on keith lee ?
why are they in a tag team together again ?
are sky italia and sky in italy not one and the same ?
the red ones are gone for good because they are for the 75th anniversary of the nba .
the teal ones are coming back this season as classic edition.
they 're at least a few years old and have n't changed .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfans101 message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfans101 2fcomments 2fvk9igj 2fwould_you_fuck_me_after_seeing_this 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
i asked about asylum on the canadian legal advice reddit .
they seem to be of the mindset we 're being immature babies who should be grateful we 're not ukraine .
give him a 100 and he 'll slap an out of order sticker on the last stall for you
i cringe internally everytime i have to tell any bookish person that i was painfully bored while reading it .
i feel like everyone loves the song of achilles and i 'm one of the handful of people who do n't .
i kinda like the convoluted craziness of it all to be honest .
you 're checking in with your so every few hours ? ?
literally work is 8 hours nights out are like 5 .
i do n't need to text you back asap just because you texted me .
you can call if worrying or overthinking but it 's toxic .
my so and i do n't need to always text if we apart .
we might text but we always see each other so need to blow each other 's phone up .
and if we do text we do n't expect a prompt answer .
we just text when we have time or it 's convenient .
or we call each other after the night is over .
this girl literally wants tabs on her bfs every move .
and if you think that 's ok you 're wrong .
if my so called me every single time i was out with my friends or texted me and i had to answer and if i do n't he 'll fight with me as she does .
if a man was texting his girl every time she went out with friends and would be mad if she did n't answer that 's literally toxic .
imagine being on edge every time you go out making sure your phone is on and you answer promptly when you 're out .
you 're most likely under 25 and still a kid if you think like this .
the not trusting grandma thing is a whole new level and honestly even i ca n't quite grasp it .
it was a post where you asked military intelligence something regarding russia/ukraine .
i thought you were stating that you were a military intelligence officer yourself and were sharing your thoughts about the subject .
i do n't know and i for one think that every woman should be able to decide what 's best for them .
you may have missed the point of the left as a matter of fact you might have fully flipped it .
i love this and am depressed it is still an issye 17 years later
i 'd eat their spaghetti and pizzas but i wo n't touch the other stuff .
my mother in law walked out our wedding after the speeches and the party started ... which would have been fine apart from we had zero prior warning she would do this and i feel rightly we did n't expect that she would want to .
it upset my husband a lot and they had a row when he chased her up to the car to find out what on earth was going on !
cue them arguing about why she does n't support him etc etc .
my mum was in tears as she loves my husband and could n't imagine why his mother would n't support him luckily my awesome friends rallied round her for me and made sure she had an awesome time while my equally brilliant brother in law also helped me calm husband down .
the closest i ever got to an explanation is that one of my friends looked at her funny ... the hilarity being that said friend has a lazy eye when she has had a drink or two she looks at everyone like that 🤣🤣
yes of course i have people around me who have been very helpful .
first of all silver who told me that i have what it takes to become a top player .
then a local retail store owner silver leetma who back ik 2016 talked to david berglund to get me sponsored by l64 .
and of course estonian disc golf community in general they have always been very supportive and helped fund my trips in the early days '' .
but of course i have to say that i have faced a lot of adverstiy pursuing my disc golf career .
so this has helped me grow a lot as a person and a players .
there are some countries with lots of ak47s but they 're also a war zone .
you are a fool if you think only americans get ptsd .
indian soldiers in kashmir suffer a high suicide rate as well due to ptsd their fight against kashmiri and pakistani militants is also steeped in their favor so ptsd has nothing to do with who has technological advantage in a fight .
so while they may suffer large casualties in battle we would suffer far more casualties and we would still lose .
i do n't see ethnic clothes as inherently religious many of them predate the modern forms of religion and even the same religions back then were practiced very differently .
also i was never told by a figure of authority that ethnic clothes are religious people of all religious backgrounds wear all kinds of ethnic clothes in my part of the country and i grew up with that being the norm .
i just what that teacher said about the bindi/pottu somehow had a huge impact on me and it was said at a time where i was deconstructing my religious beliefs so any strong opinions by people i held in high regard just made a subconscious impact on my thought process .
there 's absolutely no logic to it and my adult self now realises that what she said was simply her opinion her version her interpretation of things .
there is no absolute meaning for a simple dot on your forehead and people are free to interpret it however they want to .
it 's just something that was ingrained into my brain when i was too young to have my own opinions and i am now trying to figure out my own opinions instead of accepting someone else 's version as the absolute truth .
as i said it makes zero sense people of various religious backgrounds wear a bindi/pottu/bottu in my part of the country so there is no reason for me to associate it with a particular religion at all .
it 's just a cultural fashion accessory one that i find to be quite pretty .
i do n't even know why i subconsciously struggle with the concept .
so anti abortion anti gay gun worshipping racists enabling republicans are worried about their message during the midterms ?
i mean i hate clarence thomas as much as the next person he 's a complete dipshit and extremely dangerous .
but at the same time he does n't mention loving vs virginia because it does n't involve substantive due process .
that is what he is really after roe and subsequent decisions used that as it 's reasoning and he denies it entirely
the throwing time for your actual high damage spell is very high .
you can only clear around yourself with rf while fr has a migh larger area of clear .
also rf just needs literally nothing to start it with while fr needs very specific stuff to work together to even start it .
howeer in the end fr can reach more then 10 times what fire trap can ever reach .
but you can do it and be decent good person .
just do n't exploit people remember what it 's like to rattle to be waiting on phone call to pick up or money to drop .
do n't sell to no long term serious users whatever just have your own code and stick to it .
i swore before witnesses ... that has to count for something ?
i just love him so much i could n't do it ... he struggles as well so no need to play tit for tat cuz ... how will we know ?
weird but i got ta find some humor somewhere .
also join our trading bot group for assistance and discussion .
i 'm not even sure he has a twitter account i 'm not finding one ?
if it happens occasionally it works if it happens for 90 of feuds it 's unnecessary boring and predictable .
the bible only has a portion of the texts about the ritual .
you can read more about it on wikipedia and the sections of the mishnah about it are interesting .
it was supposed to kill her if she had committed adultery with no regard for pregnancy .
crystallis still has n't shown a fucking sign of him being top tier carry so far it 's been 4 series already .
puppey really got it wrong this time sad for him .
i know but it sounds better that way than saying apocalypse looks like darksied they 're for input them together .
also what do you know you thought base batman beats god like moon knight
dont care didnt ask cry about it stay mad get real l mald seethe cope harder h0es mad basic skill issue ratio you fell off the audacity triggered any askers redpilled get a life ok and ?
cringe touch grass donowalled not based your 're probably white not funny did n't laugh you're grammar issue go outside get good reported ad hominem gg !
ur momdo n't care did n't ask cry about it stay mad get real l mald seethe cope harder hoes mad basic skill issue ratio you fell off the audacity triggered any askers redpilled get a life ok and ?
cringe touch grass donowalled not based your 're a full time discordian not funny did n't laugh you're grammar issue go outside get good your gay reported ad hominem gg !
ur mom unknown random biased racially motivated kys ur unfunny ratio do n't care did n't ask cry about it stay mad get real l mald seethe copedo n't care did n't ask cry about it stay mad get real l mald seethe cope harder h0es mad basic skill issue ratio you fell off the audacity triggered any askers redpilled get a life ok and ?
cringe touch grass donowalled not based your 're probably white not funny did n't laugh you're grammar issue go outside get good reported ad hominem gg !
ur momdo n't care did n't ask cry about it stay mad get real l mald seethe cope harder hoes mad basic skill issue ratio you fell off the audacity triggered any askers redpilled get a life ok and ?
cringe touch grass donowalled not based your 're a full time discordian not funny did n't laugh you're grammar issue go outside get good your gay reported ad hominem gg !
ur mom unknown random biased racially motivated kys ur unfunny ratio do n't care did n't ask cry about it stay mad get real so bad so ass
my god finally someone who shares the same opinion as me and thinks iowa ai n't that great
in me1 the geth are literally the primary enemy in the game who sided with the reapers not because they were brainwashed as me2 says but because they hated all organics and worshipped the reapers freely because they believed they would bring about the destruction of all organics .
that 's not very both sides '' to me .
if anything me1 chastises the quarians on their hubris in creating the geth but not in their attempt to destroy them .
do n't forget that eugenics-era laws still exist too .
for example my ex who worked in assisted living told me that downs syndrome or other disabled people were forcibly separated if they tried starting a relationship with one another .
one could make the argument that well they 're not mentally capable of having a relationship .
also even today there are those advocating for sterilizing the disabled starting as teenagers .
i 'm talking about comments putin made recently wherein he basically stylized himself as a second peter the great and all but admitted this was a war to boost his own ego by annexing territory .
when i took a business class a long time ago the professor basically was espousing ebitda as a metric to evaluate companies .
looking back i ca n't remember if the course was on startups because that would make more sense .
who 's that guy with gabi in picture 4 ?
and that might be the most curesd plushenko picture i 've seen ... .
i can send you a link to the listing too
the odds drake would probably do this for some random american rapper is higher than an upcoming toronto rapper let 's be honest
the pool scenes and the tension-filled conversation scenes are tied for my favorites but for vastly different reasons .
what do you call a couple who uses the rhythm method '' ?
a bill has to pass through both houses several times before it can pass 6 times i think .
the lords can of course make ammendments just like the commons .
you adopt a position against any concessions and have to defeat the japanese to your north and either a japanese puppet or german puppet in the former league of eight provinces if the syndicalists do n't win obviously .
you can rp it as peifu finally being betrayed by the foreigners who helped him stay in power like the manchus and germans and having to spent his last years of his life fixing things for a united stable and independent china once more .
there are better games to spend your time and money on i would n't play this game unless i had absolutely nothing to play .
check out the dark souls series elden ring sekiro red dead 2 and the tomb raider franchise .
i sometimes find myself working on code in my astronomy class .
it 's usually only 2 of us sometimes 3 students .
the others are usually very obviously working on something else on their computers while the instructor is teaching astronomy .
so i make it my mission to ask questions and answer his questions .
hopefully the truth will come out in the j6 hearings .
well what if the two fun and meta were linked for some players ?
its like wanting to do or be at your best or to hit the ground running so to speak .
i go to people 's homes to care for their animals .
and through my job i am being trained/paid to become a dog trainer .
talk about it all you want on your personal devices and time .
my company wo n't let you talk about religion or politics or sexuality .
it keeps everyone focused on doing their jobs and not i wo n't help joe get his project finished because he believes in xxxxxx ''
for some reason i 'm in the mood to argue with a troll today .
nice i was thinking of getting the pro i 'm glad that the valyrian 3 is the best cause i 've only ever use valyrian 1 and 2 and agree best sub ohm tanks ever 2nd place would have to go to the crown 5 for flavor but i like a little more airflow
i mean most other supes would not even teamed up or even listened to what butcher and hughie have to say .
we are not used to seeing that on the show .
also yes i agree if mm was dumb enough to punch soldier boy he would have rightfully died right there on the spot .
i 'm not sure where you live but i think i 'm going to recommend going to the library and asking .
you can also find a doctor who has access to the medical records in the library and is willing to write a note to the patient about the treatment .
i think it 's easier to get a doctor 's opinion if you get to the hospital but if you have to go to a hospital then you have to get an initial consultation .
obi-wan does n't need to be on the high ground the high ground just needs to exist within the battle obi-wan knows that when he has the low ground he really has the high ground from a certain point of view see diagram a http imgur.com/a/mgopb .
obi-wan with the high/low ground is canonically the most powerful jedi .
had yoda not denied his request to battle the senate with typical jedi arrogance obi-wan could have defeated palpatine in the senate building which housed a variety of different altitudes this was designed so that the chancellor could always have the moral high ground in political debates .
but obi-wan did n't fight the senate and yoda soon learned that you ca n't cleave the sheev in a normal 1v1 .
yoda is shorter than virtually every other fighter which gives him a permanent low-ground disadvantage however his saber-fighting style utilizes a flipping-heavy technique in order to negate this weakness for a temporary window .
you 'll notice that as he falls from the central podium in the senate 's building he immediately retreats knowing that he can never hold the high ground in this duel .
you 'll also notice that while training luke he rides on him like a mount to gain the intellectual high ground and accelerate luke 's training .
obi-wan 's defensive form iii lightsaber style synergizes with his careful military maneuvers as he only strikes when prepared he can always hold the strategic high ground .
you 'll come to realize that commander cody 's artillery strike failed against obi-wan when hundreds of jedi were killed in similar attacks .
cody failed to grasp the strategic situation as the jedi master 's elevation was superior to his by hundreds of meters making him virtually unkillable .
had cody taken his time and engaged the jedi on even terrain he could have possibly succeeded .
obi-wan then retreated under the surface of the lake so that he could maintain the topographical low/high ground .
in rots you 'll notice that all the jedi killed were on level ground with the clones thereby assuring their demise .
as we all know spinning is a good trick .
however only the chosen one can spin outside of a starfighter .
palpatine tried spinning but he lost due to this technique but this was intentional as losing gave him the emotional high ground when anakin arrived .
the reason for this is that spinning provides a yin-yang approach to combat based in eastern philosophy on balance giving the spinner the high ground from above and below .
only the chosen one can master the spin as it is their destiny to maintain balance in the universe .
this is why obi-wan was so emotional after defeating vader on mustafar he expected to lose the high ground to the spin but anakin fell to the dark side and could no longer use his signature trick becoming the very thing he swore to destroy .
anakin does n't hate sand for the reasons he told padme all jedi hate sand as the battlefield can rapidly change between low and high ground on multiple vectors so your perspective must be from a certain three-dimensional point of view in order to comprehend who holds the high ground .
this is the only reason why obi-wan killed maul in rebels .
this is also why obi-wan hates flying there is no gravity in space therefore there is no high or low ground from any frame of reference this also negates the spinning trick as noted in example e http imgur.com/a/lfpdz .
it took the tusken raiders years of conflict against old ben kenobi to grasp his superiority in terrain advantage as you see them visibly flee in anh when they realize he holds the low inverse-high ground .
additionally obi-wan 's victory in the cantina against the drunkard was assured as he held the temperamental high ground his actions more calculated and well-thought than the alcoholic who was so uncivilized .
in anh vader proves his newfound mastery by engaging obi on perfectly even ground .
however obi-wan intentionally sacrifices himself on the death star so that he could train luke from a higher plane of existence thereby giving him the metaphysical high ground example f http imgur.com/a/wii43 .
why was vader so invested in the construction and maintenance of the death star ?
because he knows obi-wan ca n't have the high ground if there 's no ground left .
as seen through the events of the clone wars obi-wan was known to be on friendly terms with senator organa whose homeworld held large quantities of mountainous terrain the perfect habitat for a jedi master .
grand moff tarkin was already in position to destroy alderaan as a first target as the distance from scarif to alderaan was too vast to reach between the escape and recapture of the tantive iv even at 1.0 lightspeed .
alderaan had been the initial target all along as obi-wan with the high ground was the primary threat to the death star .
because a moon-sized space station would have some form of gravitational pull thereby negating obi-wan 's zero-gravity weakness obi-wan with the perpetual high-ground in a low-orbit starfighter would easily be able to fire proton torpedoes through a ventilation shaft although the empire was uncertain of the specific weakness of the death star planned by galen erso who was a good friend .
in return of the jedi you can see that the throne room contains a variety of different altitudes palpatine placed these there to ensure vader 's defeat .
however sheev failed to realize that his weakness was no ground and should have covered that useless gaping pit which does nothing .
a common misconception is the idea of a 'prostrate position ' version of the high ground wherein obi-wan lies flat on his back giving him tactical superiority from his point of view .
however this strategy is futile as for the high ground to come into effect there must be a differential between parties on both the x-axis and y-axis to a moderately significant variation from both absolutes angles only a sith would deal in .
for obi-wan 's high ground powers to have full effect he must stand between 15 and 75 degrees π/12 to 5π/12 radians diagonal from his opponent s on any quadrant of the trigonometric circle .
in conclusion obi-wan abuses spatial relativity and taoist doctrine in order to always invoke his high-ground powers .
is the boy 's bucky a good or bad guy ?
sounds like this guy is looking for an out on a bad marriage based on the language he used in his post .
this response is auto-generated on every new post submission .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post will be removed .
posts here are automatically placed in a cue for review approval .
if your post is removed it could be for any of the reasons listed below .
but first have you checked out our beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/7p0qx2/read_this_first_if_youre_new and all the other helpful resources on the sidebar ?
also be sure to make use of the key word search box on quitting kratom 's main page https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom .
your question may have already been answered multiple times .
if you are tapering to quit please look at our helpful taper guide https old.reddit.com/r/modquittingkratom/comments/63tjtd/tapering .
many people have used it to successfully taper down making the jump and ultimately quitting .
very important please ensure that your post is in accordance with our subreddit 's rules https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/about/rules .
violating any of these rules will result in your post not being placed in the 'live feed ' removed .
as per reddit 's rules not just ours absolutely no soliciting or sourcing is allowed i.e .
in addition posts comments mentioning brand names such as opms for example will be removed .
if the post you 've just submitted contains a brand name please edit this post to read either extracts '' or liquid shots '' instead .
moderators will ensure your post goes live '' once this correction is made and you 've notified us https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/quittingkratom .
posts asking about using another potentially addictive substance such as phenibut for example to help with withdrawal will be removed .
the answer is no we do not recommend it .
why risk extending the withdrawal process or potentially swapping addictions ?
this obviously does not include prescription medications aka 'helper meds ' authorized by a doctor used temporarily to assist you during withdrawal but do not ask about dosage amounts or dosing frequency for these meds .
these type of questions should be asked of your physician or therapist only .
posts or comments asking for or offering medical advice will be removed .
posts or comments suggesting the use of illegal drugs will also be removed .
continued infractions could result in a temporary or permanent ban at the discretion of moderators .
supplements we 've found the use of certain supplements to be helpful during withdrawal .
a listing can be found in the beginners guide https www.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/7p0qx2/read_this_first_if_youre_new .
many of our members have also found the megadosing liposomal vitamin c protocol https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/comments/sx0as3/megadosing_liposomal_vitamin_c_protocol_for beneficial during acute stages of withdrawal .
but as with most things not every thing works for everyone .
the only purpose of this subreddit is to offer support to those who want to quit kratom entirely .
other than tapering to quit references to active kratom use including but not limited to occasional 'responsible ' use use in moderation use for pain management etc .
posts comments suggesting 'taking a tolerance break ' will be removed .
mentions of a kratom ban it 's legality the fda dea etc .
repeated attempts to do so could result in being banned from this subreddit .
some members have used various 'nootropics' for kratom withdrawal .
kava and some others used in higher amounts for longer durations is ill advized .
in our experience exercise although perhaps difficult during acute wds is the 'best medicine ' to help with kratom withdrawal .
as the old saying goes 'idle hands are the devil 's playground . '
it is our desire to offer a 'safe place ' to recover from kratom addiction .
trolling bullying name calling or comments made in an unkind unhelpful derogatory manner will not be tolerated .
if you see this type of behavior or any other violation of subreddit rules https old.reddit.com/r/quittingkratom/about/rules please use the 'report ' button link and the issue will be addressed asap .
note this disclaimer could be edited and updated in the future without notice .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/quittingkratom if you have any questions or concerns .
as noted by u/division_of_zero ... many of the students do reappear in book 6 .
there is little detail of what why they 're still around the school by that time though ... for the intervening time you 're free to expand on their story if as you wish .
i got mine a few years ago after my long time partner and i decided we did n't want kids .
i 've got va healthcare and the procedure was covered .
a referral from my pcp to a urologist 20 questions with the urologist to make sure that i really did n't want kids and a quick nearly pain-free procedure .
my healing went well a couple days with frozen peas/ice packs and i 've been enjoying the fruits of that decision for years .
probably wo n't be caught for the no insurance but if she is 6 points and fine .
had multiple 10k combined games where i still lost just shrug yohr shoulders and move on .
i saw these and they inspired me instantly the colors the lighting and of course the fluffy bean topping it off !
i love rats and i love drawing rodents overall aaaaa
i 'm guessing this is the op'r team and he just wants upvotes from reddit .
you 've just given another important clue the self-mutilation of things on a child 's body here onychophagia which is also another manifestation of severe anxiety related to ocd .
this little one needs help ... and i would even go so far as to say family therapy would n't be a bad idea .
either the kid feels targeted is actually being targeted for something or is taking whatever stressors exist in the home as his own .
do you prefer islam in the manga or the anime ?
my only issue is i 'm not a fan of organ meat eggs or dairy so my carnivore diet will be pretty much just red meat .
do you think i 'd be getting all the nutrients/minerals i need from that alone ?
i think the reason the alphabet starts with a a '' is to prevent a letter from being dropped into the alphabet for pronunciation .
the a '' is supposed to stand for air '' and not air '' .
so instead of a '' it would be a-air '' .
so the letters are pronounced exactly the same if you use the a '' instead of air '' .
u/recent-development10 wiki https www.reddit.com/r/hfy/wiki/authors/recent-development10 has posted 163 other stories including
this comment was automatically generated by waffle v.4.5.11 'cinnamon roll' .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhfy subject=wafflebot|vkjluy message=if 20you 20have 20problems 20with 20updatemebot 20contact 20watchful1. 20we 20do 20not 20maintain 20it .
i 'd rather just pay the three manipulator modules .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
if you are attempting to place an ad you need to include the tag selling in the title like this selling my great panties !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/usedpanties if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks op for doing this and good luck to everyone !
fun fact luigi is a combination of mario and koopa !
the above user unseendata https www.reddit.com/user/unseendata is not banned from r/giftcardexchange .
this does not always guarantee a safe transaction only that the user is not banned from the sub .
always check a user 's profile for consistent recent activity .
check if the user is on the universal scammer list usl https universalscammerlist.com/search.php ? username=unseendata
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree but that 's not the point of my post .
was getting some comments about that so that 's why i clarified .
because the freedom of speech is a double edged sword .
the same reason military folks die over seas to protect the rights of the westboro baptist church to protest their funerals .
the constitution does not believe there 's a right side and a wrong side just that both sides are represented equally .
wait what zerker is one of the highest largescale dps actually bro lol
the deleted account conversation should be there it was in my case .
remember watching a video on youtube of when they pulled her over and arrested her .
the way she was acting so nonchalant you 'd think she had an unpaid parking ticket .
if you really cared about the environment you 'd buy a used prius and try using public transportation more often .
aww you ca n't make an original response and you ran out of re used responses how sad .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/moldymemes/comments/vjco69/success 32 32
only nation on the planet with access to all five permanent members of the unsc .
without the senate votes she would not be able to do anymore more than biden has .
it 's actually good that did n't end up having to waste a good president on this dead locked legislature .
most of obama 's term was wasted due to that very thing .
so i really do n't find it all that insane that means could n't have 4 wins as well .
i think my numbers are n't nearly as insane as what ur saying .
and ofcourse we do n't know if grayson would be here .
soo again i do n't find what i said all thar crazy dude
yeah sure dude lets not express our dissapointment as consumers who are we anyways right ? .
everything is great riot we love the game hahaha .
going to taste like shit and you are going to inhale burning ink .
not sure why people think this is a smart move .
grab an apple or some shit and make a bowl
you got ta have something to moan about at break as well s
it looks like the rebooted lightborn squad light envoy fulgent punch ore chemist celestial bastion
probably rule 4 and that there was n't directly guitar related i would n't put up a fuss about it would n't want you getting even more bent out of shape..
uj it 's a good sub here i got a laugh out of your post .
just keep on making more posts each with more toan then the last
it 's definitely the long conical section and 4mm long guide pipe .
it 's like drawing with a wooden pencil that was sharpened with a long point .
humans aren‘t designed to live the way the system wants us too .
that 's when his mistress found out she was pregnant .
got ta make sure all the bases are covered .
question for maya virtual card wala pa kasi ako physical card e hehe .
like all sites including international sites for purchase or subscription ?
i think it 's disgusting to thing that all children should be considered 'gifts . '
that people often abuse those gifts does n't change that .
sorry but the post you just commented on was removed by a moderator .
removed posts can not be used to confirm transactions .
if you believe this post was removed in error please reach out to the mods via mod mail to get it approved .
otherwise please try again on a post that has not been removed .
thanks i genuinely feel you talking from your heart here and i do understand
and this is why i believe it 's so important to leave the choice in the hands of the person
want '' and why '' are so internalised and so subjective that passing laws trying to codify why someone is choosing to do something like abortion is almost impossible and incredibly intrusive
do you know how many people who miscarry have to suffer false accusations of abortion in places where it 's illegal
suburbs are soulless artificial dull and bad for the environment .
higher pop density will always have more of everything good and bad .
cities and everywhere else would also be nicer if there was n't such a massive wealth disparity .
np sorry ca n't help other than typing im on console and there no cross play
just say you fucked a fat chic dude its okay we 've all done it .
i really appreciate what i got from this grammar-less ... my family has been saying i 'm going to hell my whole life because i drank in high school so i 'm not the religious type .
i like bob dylan 's line something like he who is not busy being born is busy dying.
it does n't but your testosterone level drops your energy become low and you fell more lazy and demotivated going to the gym the next day .
do have a commitment fo at least six months and see how youre growing and on track .
and we 've seen those partying/drama cast members like a thousand times each on the challenges .
the federal land in utah has lots of beautiful places to place abortion clinics .
i 'm an electrician haha my boss got it cleaned tho and also got the giant goose neck that blows hot air right into the coil turned around too so it seems to be workin but well see my boss is a cheapass
perhaps ask them to verify the email they have for you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/censoredreality if you have any questions or concerns .
90 was their year until they got goalied by bill fucking ranford .
besides that shit stalinism is like the least worst concrete-heavy style .
qt and solow have been on njpw strong a ton maybe they think it 'll draw those fans some ?
does n't that mean the reporter in question agrees with the post ?
8252 we would love for you to get verified please check your reddit messages inbox for instructions getting verified gives you cute flair that helps you stand out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't believe nobody has said bartolo colon ... .
and he drives one deep left field back goes upton back near the wall its outta here ! ! ! !
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/stripchatcam r/chaturbatecam r/camwhoresofficial r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
yes that 's actually what they did to the freed slaves .
those who completely dehumanized and disregarded black lives freed the slaves when they had to by leaving them to rot in the wilderness and die of starvation and disease rather than support and care for them .
i 'm sure you would 've been on the right side of history had you lived in the past s
he just needs to put on some more more weight and he 's gon na be so fucking scary .
if that doesnt work imagine they 're geminated g b d. like again '' but you hold the g and say agggggain '' .
your post was removed because it did not contain one of the required tags or the tag was not properly formatted .
please review the sub rules and repost with the appropriate tag thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/underweargw if you have any questions or concerns .
i dated my husband for 13 years no children .
i thought we would never get married but then he asked .
i was 50 and it was the first time someone had asked and i said yes .
now taxes are more expensive for us health insurance is twice as much with his earnings .
he bosses be around does n't take me out it just changed the dynamic .
just really look at whether you want to end this over a word/tradition .
i would still be heartbroken over what he said .
i know people who only went in for the money and are great at their jobs .
r/196 mods when they realise not every member of this sub is american 😳😳😳
just based on the matchmaking special i do n't think any of them will work .
so disappointing since i 'm a california girl and have been waiting for this !
i honestly never understood all the fracture hate and im convinced its just coming from a place of people not bothering to actually learn the damn map .
if you 're a viper main you ought to love fracture because your walls are very effective on it .
if you 're a sage main then technically you do n't outright hate any map but fracture is quite good for a whole bunch of defensive and battle walling options .
we took them to 3 ots after being up big late in the 4th .
we make that field goal and their season is over .
they also shoulda been flagged for having 2 guys with the same number on field when the kick was missed but refs somehow did n't see it .
god you 're so triggered over lgbt pride existing it 's hilarious .
yeah the recency bias is terribly strong in this echo chamber .
big boats and fancy yachts from what i 've seen lol .
for the first question yes tripod levels are extremely important and a big source of your overall damage .
you could whale super hard and have everything else perfect but without good tripods your damage will frankly suck .
generally yeah if you 're going for lvl 4s people just buy them .
i would n't worry about that part right now though you do n't shoot for lvl 4 tripods for a while .
i myself am almost 1460 and still kind of just level my tripods as i go .
finally you are correct later levels drop higher level tripods .
at 1370 you unlock legendary chaos dungeon gear that drops tripods up to lvl 3 and at 1415 you unlock relic chaos dungeon gear that drops tripods up to lvl 4 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
all the more so coz she does n't advertise it
yeah i was watching shit on my phone and it started to get impossible.. so i just let my thoughts be .
wait ... . are we gon na gloss over the fact that a customer said maybe .
try getting a new shirt '' um i think da fack not !
customers need to stop being abusive and provoking and then demanding a manager handel their provoked consequences .
if that 's your only inconvenience do n't worry it does n't go on for much longer
if anything i need dorinda brandi and vicky to go even more batshit .
i swear if it was up to some of you we would have an all teddi type cast 🙄
look at how much of it consists of just hood and cab .
if you really need to bring goods to the market you buy a van .
this was my first time ever doing unnatural colors so i went super safe was dyeing over level 8-9 strawberry blonde and used 75 conditioner .
i think it turned out well and the way the color looks different in some areas looks cool to me !
next time i am bleaching my hair lighter and going with arctic fox virgin pink and wo n't dilute it as much now that ive dipped my toe into these fun colors !
i 'm looking for the tallest building next week superman ai n't got shit on me .
seriously why y'all acting like it has been a decade
the hymn is moving af and a massive highlight whenever we have the pleasure of watching fiji .
it was a malfunction in both cases this is the s300 .
last year was pretty warm for a few weeks .
post credits brief pause during her introduction with a slight look of surprise followed by a smile .
violet evergarden is asking you to write your own letter to someone important to you .
i 'll take note of this d maybe i 'll revisit the infamous series soon i even have n't got to play infamous second son yet hehe but maybe i 'll have to beat the saboteur for a while then i 'll be stepping into the world of mass effect afterwards .
thank you so much for these recommendations and i hope you have a great day !
i remember failing in nc hard due to the recoil but vs and tr was a lot easier because they basically have laser rifles .
although i still only play nc it gave me a different perspective .
admitedly the most fun in the game is when you follow an experienced platoon leader/outfit with a plan .
all postings must include your age s in the title .
please resubmit your ad with the title formatted according to the sidebar .
for any question on posting format please consult the sidebar or the stickied comment at the top of the page or click here https www.reddit.com/r/mississippir4r/comments/qfqj67/read_this_before_posting ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x context=3 .
if your post conforms to the rules please do n't delete anything and message the mods so they can approve it manually .
sometimes i like to get glitchy and cause problems for no good reason .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mississippir4r if you have any questions or concerns .
recently turned 70 and was pleased at not being 69 any more
let 's be perfectly honest the us has always been a cluster of semi-related republics banded together for the mutual collective clout .
it 's just less of a cluster these days and more of a clusterfuck .
your laptop supports ddr4 3200 if it has a discreet gpu else 2666 .
anyway my recommendation is to not go over the top with gaming ram .
find some affordable ram with good latencies at that speed .
watch out for ram sticks with heat spreaders since they might not fit .
always go for 2 sticks since dual channel gives a performance boost .
finding another ram stick similar to the 4gb one you have is a gamble since most of them are proprietary and you need to search for a second hand one .
if they support equal rights but if they do something that if men do it 's frowned upon .
check out our other subreddits for more sexy content !
also check out our featured hotwife u/jaj54 and her amazing content on of !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotwife2 if you have any questions or concerns .
as a redneck i think i speak for many of my fellow rednecks i 'd happily hang out with some rooftop koreans .
we could cook out and snipe at the same time .
sorry to hear about the pain and anguish you 're experiencing .
it definitely sounds like diverticulitis but i 'm no doctor .
i would definitely look into getting a ct scan as that can help diagnose diverticulitis .
it sounds like antibiotics might be in order most likely cipro and flagyl to get you healed up .
do n't let your parents try and bully you into eating lol ?
you 've got ta get on a low residue/liquid diet for upwards of a week to get those bowels reset .
feel free to reach out and dm me anytime if you have questions or anything .
i got colon/small intestine resection almost one year ago and could n't be happier .
i also was married to a piece of shit .
like you i was always expected to just manage with everything it 's hard but you realise how capable you are if you can deal with everything in life and be carrying their useless arse too .
mine got pissed off i chose to leave him when i did because i could 've been dying '' .
the bastard left me in bed screaming in pain with a ruptured appendix because i was delirious i did n't know which way was up and still had to somehow manage to look after a 6 month old baby .
after i got home from hospital after my surgery and then a horrible infection i was left to do everything again .
my mother was horrified and took all the time she could off work to help me .
well i think there 's a big difference between hitting a tough fight in a place that makes sense for the fight to be tough vs this is the first fight of the campaign vs random mooks '' being a near tpk .
if you 're having heavy issues with a nothing fight right off the bat that sets up bad expectations for what the actual hard fights will be .
also maybe i 'm wrong but your description of you first fight being totally fine does n't gel with what you 've mechanically described as happening .
if two players are down that 's a full turn to even bring them up at one hit worth of hp potion to one ba heal to another which means if they get hit before their turns that just ate up your turn and they still do n't do anything .
that seems like it 's sliding straight down from that point not improving .
its a shame root doesnt play 50 overs with an average of 50
i can totally still order a beer in spanish your words do not affect me at all i speak 3 languages
i 'm on console and am having the same issue .
honestly save up and get a pc if you want to really experience vr gaming what you had as of now is a mere demo of vr skyrim with 300 mods you only need like 10 to completely overhaul the vr experience is 150 hours of pure open world gorgeous triple a awesomness and fallout 4 is great too with mods then you got half life alyx with the workshop campaigns too half life 2 vr mod looking way better than damn re4 40 is coming soon for free and half life 2 is like 3 asgard 's wrath lone echo series stormland modern resident evil series 2,3,7,8 mods that work incredible boneworks simms games like assetto corsa msfs2020 or you can even play gta v in vr with a gamepad and many others either that or wait for psvr 2 because honestly for me quest 2 standalone was a massive dissapointment apart from re4 wich was decent but way too overpriced for what is essentially a 40 mod because i cant call walking up a ladder in 2d anything else but a mod there was nothing much else apart from that nothing that isnt way better on pc at least medal of honor on pc is like another different game .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
off the top of my head i ca n't think of a view that could be any better especially if you allowed me to watch myself disappear deep inside of you as you slowly lowered yourself down on top of me ...
i personally see animals as having personhood equal to that of people .
to me what we do to animals regularly is torture and murder of a fellow innocent animal .
it 's a part of my religion and my understanding of animals secularly .
as a part of my personal lifestyle choices i refrain from eating meat and animal products when possible .
it 's shaped by my ethical and spiritual considerations and moral opinions but i 'm at least aware enough to realize that this is only my viewpoint .
that others have other viewpoints and view things i hold as unethical as ethical or vice versa .
but just because i believe it to be true and act accordingly in my life does not grant me the right to try and make the state ban meat .
i recognize that this is my lifestyle not those of others and that just as i should live out my lifestyle in my day to day in accordance to those beliefs i should n't force my lifestyle and ethical views on others .
you christians need to do the same with abortion .
focus on doing right by your god in your lifestyle but have the maturity and self-awareness to know that outside of your life others have the right to go about their own even if you see it as unethical .
yeah i 'd like to see that rule enforced .
the only time i can see that being legal is if there is a direct conflict of interests .
on another note anyone else notice that openly communist nations tend to have populations of higher average intelligence levels ?
i 'm not even going to check but i would guess the more intelligent countries are the ones that took advantage of capitalism while delivering strong social economic policy for their people .
ca n't imagine much harm will come from it ...
it depends on the flavor you want for your world .
it 's perfectly legitimate to have a continent full of well-defined kingdoms/countries or one with none at all like dnd 4e 's points of light non-setting which mainly consisted of lots of independent towns and cities .
assuming you want to be somewhat historical about it in a pseudo-medieval setting boundaries between nations '' the concept at the time was pretty loose and only roughly analogous with our modern understanding of a nation-state were fuzzy and fluid and where exactly they fell tended to depend who you asked .
generally a kingdom would be defined as the land controlled by the king '' and usually the king had subjects who would manage subdivisions of the land for him — dukes counts etc .
however people who held multiple titles could be subject to more than one king or be king in their own right and subject to another king in another sense for instance william the conqueror was king of england but at the same time he was the subject of the king of france as duke of normandy .
in addition to kingdoms you could find republics mainly free cities in the holy roman empire historically but there 's nothing stopping you from having them be independent or semi-dependent polities in your world like some of the italian city-states such as venice religious states run by clerics like the papal states or some independent bishoprics within the hre or even large areas without any specific overlord but instead still operating on a tribal/clan structure .
ultimately the world is your oyster and it 's up to you what flavor you want that oyster to be .
but i hope this gave you some helpful context for deciding .
most cats are n't a specific breed which is usually genetically healthier in the long term so they 're described as a domestic shorthair like yours or domestic longhair .
some tips for new cat and kitten owners from the most common asked questions including more in the links too .
rub some of their own hair into their bedding so it smells like themselves .
if they 're very young a cuddly toy about their size can help comfort them .
it 's common for them not to eat drink or go to the toilet on the first day .
if you can use the same brands of food and litter they had up to now the essentials are at least familiar in a new environment you can change brands gradually once they 're settled in .
if its 48 hours without eating or using the litter tray or they become lethargic then an emergency vet appointment is in order .
keep food bowls away from the water bowl they 'll drink more which is important for future health do n't use plastic bowls they retain smells even with washing and can harbour bacteria as water bowls use ceramic or metal bowls instead .
offer different varieties and brands of food they like variety just like us as they would n't eat just one thing in the wild and eat different foods to get all the nutrition they need .
a mix of wet and dry at different times is best long term they have their own tastes and preferences though .
wet food is good for water content cats do n't drink enough and can face severe health problems later on .
dry is good for their teeth satisfying the crunch/kill instinct and keeping the stomach full longer .
avoid high crude ash content as it 's just cheap filler and does them no good .
grains in food are fine for cats not for dogs though it 's an easy way for them to digest essential vitamins and minerals .
fresh meat like chicken breast no skin a choking hazard or tinned fish such as tuna mackerel or sardines without the bones in water or sunflower oil are good for them tuna is high in mercury so best once every few weeks .
a little bit of food left in the bowl to be thrown out the next day can ensure your they are n't going hungry kittens are growing daily and very active and cats generally only overeat when consistently bored with little stimulation .
some cats are fussy on the type of litter so it 's worth trying a different litter in one of the other trays if necessary have more than one tray more than one they 'd need '' is the recommendation two cats at least 3 litter trays etc. .
they like them clean and will naturally want to bury their business .
lavish praise using the same phrase each time works best they will also respond best to a firm no than to punishment they do n't get the connection .
if they 're not yet at the age they go there always themselves pop them onto the litter after mealtimes and lavish praise even if they jump straight out of the box they 'll get the idea faster .
avoid scented litters the smells are often too strong and too synthetic to a cat so actually put the cat off going there .
use white vinegar and water on any area they had an accident it neutralises the smell and stops them associating that as a place to go .
have different warm quiet spots to sleep they prefer off the ground as they 'll feel safer do n't put neonatal kittens high up .
a cuddly toy can help young kittens especially when just homed away from mom and siblings .
they love cardboard boxes they 're places to play in sleep hide they 're warm they 're chewable when they 're teething cut ridges at their head height .
long strips of cardboard are great for chasing down and then chewing on too .
cardboard scratch pads are usually the most loved cheap too have a few in quiet spots and lavish with praise when they use them .
use a few dabs of white vinegar on anything scratched that should n't be they loathe the smell this goes for chewing cables too and any tight wee spaces he may get stuck in if very young .
you do n't need to trim their nails and never declaw a cat their claws are not the same as our fingernails they 're the same as our fingers so it 'd be like amputating all your fingers at knuckle points .
a cat tree by a window is great as they will spend time watching the world outside which brightens their day it 's also a great sleeping spot in the sun and it 's up high which they love .
they need vaccinations before ever venturing outside and regular flea and tick treatments ask your vet for an age and weight appropriate recommendation .
if there are predators in the area or a busy road consider walking with a leash or a building a catio .
getting outside is great for mental stimulation and access to grass for hairballs see below .
have them microchipped and with a breakaway collar and a name tag that includes your telephone number .
playtime every day is important for mental stimulation especially if they have to stay indoors .
if they 're on their own they can take awhile to learn how hard acceptable biting levels are a sibling would be biting them back .
they can learn up to 25 words or short phrases especially when they 're said with a slight emphasis e.g .
lovingly saying good boy/girl '' so the best thing to do if they bite too hard is to say no ! ''
firmly and if you 're playing stop play for now .
when gentle with you praise lavishly and other times they 're good like using the litter tray too as this will build up a picture of what is positive for them to do and gets them used to seeking praise and the good boy/girl response from you .
if it 's really hard biting you can squeal in pain to put him off again exaggerating the squeal .
you can also try aftershave/perfume or even vinegar on your hands for a week or so if needs be .
kong brand toys are indestructible and can be filled with catnip .
most adults love nip kittens do n't respond until 3-6 months .
keep the nip in the freezer to keep it fresh .
string always supervised as a choking hazard ping pong balls toy mice or even scrunched up paper balls and milk rings that skitter across the floor can be favourite toys .
finish playtime with the cat getting the kill '' so it feels satisfied .
brushing helps with hairballs i use a furminator as it only removes dead hair so does n't hurt them and it feels like being petted .
they may chew dangerous to them houseplants if they do n't have access to grass normal lawn grass is fine usually preferred even .
grow indoors by a favourite window spot they can access if necessary .
belly display just means i trust you not pet me there it 's instinct to protect their vulnerable belly if you do pet them there so give head chin ear rubs and full body and shoulder massages instead .
when they rub up against you that 's a way of bonding with you and saying i love you as is slow blinking .
you can slow blink back to say i love you too .
they 'll also learn that as a phrase if it 's repeated often i 've one who purrs when i say it .
purring is a sign of happiness generally they also purr when trying to comfort themselves or us or when sick .
other common signs of illness are lethargy weakness not eating or diarrhoea .
you can always call a vet office for advice about whether the cat needs to come in the telephone call is n't a chargeable appointment in of itself neither are follow up calls about how they 're doing after an appointment to check on their progress .
there 's also advice in the history of r/kitten and r/catadvice search by keyword .
if you think i 'm a bot because i provided some statistics you 're a moron .
the kind that breaks down in revolutions or things like what is happening in ukraine
i do n't think you get to chant hang mike pence ! while forcing your way into the capitol building and then claim y'all are there for a forensic audit .
this brand of idiot always crows about 'personal responsibility ' but then acts like committing rape is something people ca n't help .
for me personally it 's a coin toss between adg profumo and bleu de channel edp due to the versatility and no offensive smell .
unless you bathe in them i do n't think you could choke anyone with their projection .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note if you are using new reddit please switch your comment to markdown mode before transcribing .
the footer will not appear properly with the default editor and the bot will not be able to recognize your transcription .
please always adhere to our general guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/guidelines that apply to all our formats .
only create a new timestamp for significant breaks to the flow of audio e.g .
please put two enter/returns after the timestamp to create a line break .
note 2 spaces also works but only on pc .
mobile devices can not parse 2 spaces so 2 enters must be used .
we highly recommend using otranscribe http otranscribe.com to help you with transcribing videos .
just give it the file or youtube link you are transcribing and copy paste your finished work to the comment fields .
mm ss description of scene kind of music playing actions happening etc .
00:00 a guy is holding a burrito balanced on two forks over 3 candles in the dark .
00:07 the lights flicker on and both people gasp loudly .
burrito man immediately throws down the forks and with a yell rushes the burrito to the microwave a full 180 degree spin .
the microwave door is opened and the burrito is put in the microwave and the door is slammed shut .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
so you 're saying you are into bjj without doing bjj ?
but that other guy said you ca n't be !
they want us to play their version the one where you need to pay for a lot of things mostly cringey stuff not the one where the game is expensive but everything else is free .
at least a third of this comment section is made up of jokes and memes lol
no i was told only acv wash every 4-6 months do i do this after washing ?
i do n't think it 's unhealthy i think that 's perfectly normal .
and a few weeks is probably too quick to get over anything or anyone
just wellness discussion but women really need to focus a lot on back exercises .
by keeping those muscles strong you can fix the pain or maybe even prevent it plus maintain better posture .
i wish they thought us that in health class .
got the same vibe and i 'm like copy paper .
you know it 's bad when even other hwite ppl are like damn bruh we get it.
the concept of the hijab is subjective.. dress code is kept vague as a blessing for us .
so long as one appears relatively modest you can wear whatever you like .
okay i know this sounds silly but it really helped trivia cards .
i was induced and was in labor for 2 days my husband knows i 'm a huge harry potter fan and got the trivia game .
to distract me he would read cards and it really helped !
it took my mind off things like really painful contractions lol .
the other thing was a laptop so we could watch netflix .
if your partner is n't into trivia i 'd just be sure to bring anything that would distract them from the thought of pushing a watermelon out a tinny hole .
once the board is set up it should work .
and i have no experience with this because my os recognizes the board without me prompting it to but flashing the board refers to uploading the config file .
that 's what flash '' means in this context .
ca n't give you specific advice but when i set my tsum list to level lock the ones that are used the most are the higher ones .
if you check it every few games or make a note you can figure out which ones to grind or spend level tickets on .
for instance i had hawaiian stitch at lvl 35 at 0 for ages and now mater has taken over as a lvl 35 at 10 indicating to me that he 's worth spending tickets at when i have some or grind him up as he 's thrown into my main coin grind more than the stich .
and will be more helpful for scoring if i max level him .
i 've played with a switch a couple times and it 's actually pretty good and fun
edit looks like she is n't in-network for me at the location closest to me agghhhhh
! the man died protecting the jars as best he could even if only jar-bairn survived .
i always understood it as white people are going to appear more positively represented and accommodated in a white-dominated society
it 's a fish with a human torso and head that 's just an appendage of its body .
many millennials actually used rotary dial when they are young ... .and they are currently large consumer in analogue '' watch market ... .not to mention they can use tv without remote it 's boomers that can not use modern tv without remote .
huh because many millennials are in their fuqin 30 's or 40 's .
why the hell they think we are born in 2010 and currently 20 ? ?
have a large ruggable and a hallway runner and would n't buy either again .
the tops have shrunk so they no longer fit without having the black pad underneath show .
they 're also hard to vacuum because my vacuum pulls them from the pad underneath creating wrinkles or getting sucked up .
i also have the same problem as someone below where the large pad sheds sharp micro pieces that make up the velco '' aspect of it so if i take it off to wash not only is it a huge pain to get back down but i 'm constantly vacuuming the small particles up as i 'm trying to maneuver the top piece .
if that 's true why not carve out the exception then ?
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm subscribed to both the male and female living space reddits and i honestly ca n't tell the difference .
i think once you 're an adult there 's not much of a difference for classy spaces when it comes to stereotypes .
surprised i have n't seen any 'wait are you guys actually neolibs '
if you are trying to avoid learn about saliva ferning .
you can buy a reusable pocket microscope and have a heads up .
i know 1 couple that planned 3 pregnancies that way and another that avoided for 5 years so far
you realise that every generation has its own set of slang and colloquial terms right ?
i was playing and randomly my battles and division icons started to look like this and now all the notification pictures are missing .
her new god trump posing in buddhist monk 's robes that i 'm going to spray paint metallic gold so she has an image to pray to .
i wish it was n't due to what 's going on but your sense of humor is pretty awesome .
the aftermath of realizing you 've been in a cult is fucking rough take good care of yourself .
you may speak but do n't do anything else until i tell you to . ''
da bestell ich falls ich jemals doppelt pommes bräuchte was ich nie tue doch ein menü und einmal pommes extra ?
the scenes between them are confusing they 're so straightforward cheesy and sentimental that it feels like a parody except it seems like they 're just playing it straight .
i keep waiting for some kind of twist with them .
it sounds like you are on track for idr forgiveness before you would qualify for pslf and may benefit from the idr waiver to be implemented this fall .
if you have graduate loans i 'm not certain for your post the repayment period for forgiveness should be 25 rather than 20 years .
some info on the waiver is here but there is a lot we expect to learn once it is implemented this fall https www.reddit.com/r/studentloans/comments/uelzxx/updated_idr_waiver_summary_with_faq ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf
true but the original comment stated a few kilometers away and i do n't know if tracer has that kind of juice canonically
i would agree with you but we need to do something about all the damn nimbys .
a bunch of old ass liberal boomers that live in places like wellesley who hold up affordable housing plans around t stops to maintain their astronomical home prices .
hello you have previously posted 1 submission to r/dirtysnapchat within the past 6 hours so your post has been removed .
please wait 6 hours from your original post before submitting a new one .
your previous submission was 28 m4a eu slim uncut looking for a jobud ... pics in bio http redd.it/vkrel4 '' at 2022-06-25 23:35:25 utc .
please check the footer of this comment for more info .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat
i know i need to improve my skillet at flirting and attracting ladies
i noticed on my watch it also appears to let me add a card but it is not updated to watchos 9 yet so it may indeed be coming
you can tell this is his first fight going past 3 rounds .
i took 3 pills that were for sickness to help me sleep and i told my mom she said taking three would kill me so the entire day i 've been freaking out and i too scared to go to bed
the only other viable option at that time is probably naruto .
if kakashi does n't want the hokage seat and they decide naruto is ready i guess they could .
although it 'd be like gaara 's situation where he works close with advisors like shikamaru kakashi sasuke sakura tsunade .
shikamaru is smart enough to be hokage but not powerful enough other than him kakashi and naruto i ca n't think of any other options at that timeframe .
fearless mr perfectly fine white horse you belong with me
red red treacherous nothing new all too well 10min version
lover paper rings lover miss americana and the heartbreak prince
evermore tis the damn season right where you left me ivy champagne problems
last time i just restart it and it happened as soon as i joined a match .
i 'll hang on ps5 for a bit i guess in the mean time til they fix it .
it 's the opposite of sinking to the top unless i 'm way off base
his fights still sold out and many many casuals tuned in every time during his reign .
it 's not what op is using which is just a chimney starter .
i have n't smelled them all but generally have n't been a fan of the few montale 's i 've tried !
i 've seen the results for some variation of diep procedure on a trans women .
interesting procedure but the huge scars are not something i 'd be comfortable with .
fat transfer interest me it requiring 3-4 procedures sounds like they are not very good at it .
i assume that 's going to be very expensive .
hello im a fantasy artist and really interested in working with you .
i saw elsewhere that people were successful in doing this .
it 's a weird feeling having money and being prevented from spending it .
she has told you in no uncertain terms that you have very little value as a parent .
i would break up with her immediately and move on .
i have two children both girls and my role as a father is equal to their mothers role .
i do n't know why i spend hours upon hours making content while i 'm stagnant at 13k meanwhile people posting similar quality content or even worse quality and borrowing some of my ideas are getting 40k .
this is pro work compared to some of the stuff on here
dmc devil may cry is a reboot and independant of the other dmc games .
if you want the main dmc games you can get the hd collection dmc1+dmc2+dmc3
dmc4se is the definitive '' edition of dmc4 basically a better version
now before everyone comes at with with how a normal work schedule is 8-5 with a break from 12-1 ... .. as a community member who has to plan my errands during my lunch break ... this is so helpful !
also if giving employees 4 hours on a friday to help raise moral and better serve the community ... this is nothing but positive ?
i 'm thinking that the fridge is n't running and he has modified this fridge some how added ventilation .
the semantic content of getting the help you need '' is judging me so right there is a contradiction
he needs to start doing shit for himself even if he 's like oh i started making my own lunch and it 's not that hard . ''
trick him into thinking the things that you do for him are not that hard to do for his self then bam you reprogrammed your overly critical husband into a self-efficient work horse that can take care of himself .
is it something we want to subject our kids to when they 're not developmentally there ?
i turned off even bland sex scenes in movies even from straight couples until they were 12 and km sure most people on here 's parents did too .
it 's just not something that 's necessary let kids pick their noses and catch bugs not worry about sex .
it 'll come when it 's ready no need to force it .
it 'll be ignored on there by the same people for the same reason people just do n't want to be lectured to when they just want entertainment ask netflix .
and when the kids are old enough for their parents to not care by and large the kids will also have outgrown interest in toy story .
awesome i 'm planning a trip later this summer/early fall to do a few peaks
let 's not forget swiderski missing a shot 3 feet from the goal line .
that and mora back passed to marks with 3 players pressuring him toye pressing at full speed towards the goal almost made this game 3-1 .
libertarians are a bunch of pussy ass bitches who are fine with government dictating what patients are at liberty to ask their doctors to do .
stop enabling christian fascists and we 'll believe you when you say you want liberty .
what do you mean if we had exces older key employees and all employees getting sick and taking time off and the hospitals rammed the whole system could have collapsed .
and canadas inflation is better than a lot of places .
personally i 've been finding a sorta peace from the idea/philosophy of absurdism .
i ca n't say it 's for everyone but it has helped me some .
prince could n't sellout arenas in the states in the 90s ?
it 's the oregon coast so it 's unpleasant most 9f the year .
you 're just attacking me because i pointed out some rather obvious things in your own statements .
commercial pm here ca we did work at night all the time in occupied offices .
contractors would come in after 8 pm or 11 and work until 4 or 6 am .
or do a 4 am to 8 am job .
oh yeah traffic calming infrastructure is vital ever more as roads get busier .
get your gear there and you can do all her gates .
if you do n't intended to raid very hardcore cause she 'll take a lot of effort to beat then you do n't really need it but if you do then you 'll want your gear ready to do all her gates so you can get a full ancient set asap
first time a reddit post has ever made me suddenly let the water works fly
india is far away from qualifying at the moment they need to go a long road before they qualify
blade of selves https c1.scryfall.com/file/scryfall-cards/normal/front/c/e/ce3367f8-5f5a-4205-909a-247b92a9c082.jpg ? 1653366789 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=blade 20of 20selves sf https scryfall.com/card/clb/301/blade-of-selves ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/ce3367f8-5f5a-4205-909a-247b92a9c082 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text er https edhrec.com/cards/blade-of-selves
i 'm sure the hair style is call the mr. clean i might be wrong but i 'm sure that 's what it is .
alright i 'll add you later and hopefully we 'll have free time someday at the same time
right just keep voting for imperialists what could go wrong .
i might be mistaken but i wat hed between 45 and 52 min and didnt find it
people who think they did well when they clearly did n't do well ca n't be helped .
yeah but he said he was ready to play in the second half of the season .
am i the only one who 100 heard that in coach steve 's voice ?
not many talked about hybrid theory 's 10 year old mark propbably too early for people to get nostalgia or because it was one of their more unkown albums
4,300 1,232 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vh4bqk/drake_honestly_nevermind_not_good_fantano_review drake honestly nevermind not good 40 fantano review 41 https youtu.be/dmbr0uufrms
3,087 604 comments https www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/vi5a5n/rapper_lil_tjay_is_undergoing_emergency_surgery now in stable condition rapper lil tjay is undergoing emergency surgery after being shot
i 'm just going to leave the word jacobin on the table and walk away .
only because most people do n't know enough history to know why that word is important and how it 's very much seemingly at play today .
if you ca n't understand the history the world came from welp .
does that mean all of the relationship problems are your fault ?
the problem in this situation is that your husband is an idiot that expects to be managed like an addictional child .
its a well known manipulation tactic called weponised incompetance .
he asked you two weeke beforehand then he 's acting like he forgot you even had that talk that he iniciated .
then he asks you if you two are doing sth '' on that day as if he expects you to organise it yourself .
then as a last ditch efford he tries to guilttrip you by playing a victim cause he knows you 'll be mad if he didnt do anything '' but since you refused to force him into doing sth you precisely thought out yourself he did everything in his power not to do a thing .
he purposefully slept in cause i ca n't belive he wouldnt hear 4people moving around on one day he was suppose to do stuff .
mission failed successfully cause not only he didnt have to make an efford but also has personal free time does n't worry about u or the kids and also theres a chance you feel bad about it .
and in his mind he ca n't be held accountable cause you clearly purposefully did everything to make him be the bad guy '' by refusing to cooperate .
were you suppose to not feed your children until he decides to get the hell up ?
does he not understand that if he wanted to make you breakfast he was suppose to cather to your needs and obviously wake up before you instead of getting a good 10h ?
in your place i 'd pay more attention on a daily and act accordingly .
you may think its just a small thing/misunderstanding but i would n't want to be in a situation where i have to manage my husband for him to do anything for the rest of my life .
stop trying to distract from the actual problem which is the republicans .
until certain time limit that is above 8 weeks and below 2 months .
at that point it 's just a bunch of cells in my mind .
yes you can unlock the power limit on that board .
unlock it and run a stresstest to see if that cooler can handle it or not .
like i cant imagine living life without being anxious about anything 24/7 .
that very well could be true however it does demonstrate a stark contrast to how things currently are in iran .
the point is that religous extremism is on the rise is the west and there must be resistance so we do not follow in the same steps .
step in front of this now and have a conversation with your daughter .
this will go much better in the long run for you .
no threat has even reached the power of the weakest of the active angels yet .
i 've always loved the dm ja morant from those monthly moments challenges
i wan na get sterilised but if you 're afab assigned female at birth they usually wo n't do it until you 're in your 40 's and/or already have multiple kids .
🤦🏻‍♀️ i 've got birth control at least but if that fails ...
the supreme court of fucks is also trying to get rid of gay marriage and birth control laws
i 'm intolerant to hormones and allergic to metal so the only contraception method i can use is condoms .
in 17 year i only had to take plan b once .
since it was a one time thing and not constant use of hormones fortunately i never needed an abortion but i would use one if ever i would become pregnant so no judgement here
just wondering what happened for it to happens 4 times in 6 years
dodging the draft and then going on to brag about how awesome a soldier you would have been is n't .
i do n't think so it was well shaked before this print
this is clearly a troll post and an extremely low-quality one too i thought there was something wrong with my monitor for a moment before i realised that spongebob screenshot is basically made of like 12 pixels !
retailers are struggling to keep positions filled and this helps them achieve that .
if not they 'd lose her to raise the kid .
roadtrip do bosne upravo povraća mi se nakon sat vremena u kolima is this for real ...
where are you so i can give to you beautiful 🥰🥰👅
i want to get as well but i 'm just dreading the process of finding all the artifacts and treasures and hunting down every single odin raven i 'm really just not ready for that yet
kd on the blazers as the 07 draft originally wanted
not saying youre doing this but i feel like this is a way that often gets brought up to write off bad behavior .
plenty of people grow up like them or worse and act nothing like them .
yeah their environment growing up explains some of why they are the way they are but it does n't make me sad for them or excuse their behavior .
sorry you 've had problems i 've had nothing but fun in space almost done my ace of aces badge
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=rangerman1996 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
and every house is the same except for their color .
dropping a high quality version of a highly anticipated leak has tons of potential to make money .
when a long amount of time passes without a official release that 's when the money is lost
probably not this is n't the average media cycle .
roe is the single most name recognisable scotus decision overturning is n't just another event to report on especially with everything that 'll follow red sates banning abortions the implications during the midterms etc .
you 're just trying to make a false equivalency to sideline a discussion on an important topic .
gut feelings are from things that are not the norm .
had a guy that would fix things or do things for people instead of fixing the actual issue
less square footage of road devoted to each house .
that is my biggest problem i have with the ff14 story nowadays nobody close to you gets really hurt or dies .
it was papalymo back in heavensward or maybe minfillia in shadowbringers if you count that .
this takes a lot of the tention away and they could also stop making these fake deaths for the scions especially y'sthola .
this is also the reason why the deaths '' in ultima thule did n't work at all .
the game did n't kill any scions since forever but i should belive that they all just died ?
10 out of 10 perfect size tits and nipples xxx
if all of those terms are babies then why were the sub-phased ever named ?
for the same reason that child refers to both infants and teenagers .
do doctors think that zygotes embryos and fetuses are babies ?
baby is not and has never been a medical term .
i think brunson is also thinking tha mavs could trade him if a better player becomes available and he does not want to ho ta a random place .
you are bringing genocidal russian propaganda to this forum .
these people ca n't change their looks can they lose weight ?
sure they can and i 'll encourage anyone who wants to live a healthier life .
i can almost guarantee you would n't say anything about these peoples look to their face but you 'll do it behind a keyboard .
this post was removed because it may violate rule 9 and has been sent to the mods for review .
if you are posing a question where only a positive response would be acceptable and a negative response would be considered rude it would potentially be flagged as a title that is fishing for compliments please review the rules before posting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bbw if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess i 'll be seeing a lot of bigfoots tomorrow lol
no you ca n't there has to be wifi or cellular to do that .
unless somebody connects it to wifi it would n't work because there would ether not be a sim card in the slot or if there is one in there it would be deactivated .
unless google now has some super advanced technology to remotely wipe a device that 's most likely powered off with no wifi or cellular connection and maybe even a dead battery it 's not possible .
i am removing your comment because you are not allowed to comment or post on this subreddit until you get some flair https www.reddit.com/r/seattlegw/about/wiki/index wiki_1._user_flair
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/seattlegw if you have any questions or concerns .
just tossed it around his neck like a damn scarf !
most of those problems are already applicable to being a non-rich american to be fair .
i have a y540 and the build quality is great .
fin works on ever strand of hair on your head and i personally experienced tons of regrowth on fin alone .
also i would suggest starting with fin and not mixing in min at the same time .
otherwise if you do them both at the same time you wo n't know what of the two treatments is getting you results or is causing you any potential se 's .
personally i stopped min as it gave me huge bags under my eyes .
this is the best metaphor his little brain could come up with .
i bet he was real proud of it to thinking he was being clever .
this guy has every red flag in the book .
but what is ireland at the time of fallout 4 ?
idk i 'm looking at the social side of the psychology
would love to gag you and bend you over 😈
i 'm 46 and all i can say is i am sorry .
i know i voted correctly but it just was n't enough .
i was blind to it all until about 6 years ago .
everytime i bring up about rights being taken away i was told i was just over thinking things .
i 'm in minnesota where abortion will still be legal .
in the past month i 've had to listen to friends and family say things like at least we are lucky where we live .
i just ca n't accept that attitude to just throw women who live elsewhere under the bus .
years ago when mn was trying to make gay marriage legal i was out there passing flyers and making calls .
we got democrats in control and passed gay marriage .
i 'm out there fighting without any support from friends or family besides my daughter and niece .
however there are a ton of people like myself who just make up ridiculous substitutions for the actual words .
op please check the frequently sought symbols https www.reddit.com/r/symbology/comments/cts0nu/frequently_sought_symbols '' thread first .
if your symbol is not there be sure you 've added all relevant context to your submission and reply with solved '' if someone solves your post !
users click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps www.reddit.com/r/symbology/comments/vksa9y/what_is_this_symbollettercharacter_i_saw_it 5d 0a 0aremindme ! 202 20days for a 2 day remindmebot message !
commenters failure to provide a source for your answer will result in an automatic comment removal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/symbology if you have any questions or concerns .
while i 'm there i 'm gon na ask him to show me his ring y'all never won .
we really enjoyed the bayeux tapestry and the cathedral and museum .
i 'm less a fan of tapestry cushions however .
yeah that drifting dragons shot was absolutely free even as someone who only managed to watch 2 episodes of the show .
check your flair you chose it might be giving you additional instructions to save you some time such as to use the megathread hello !
your post has been sent to the moderation team for manual approval .
ha focused discussions advice for others that do not have tmi and have a proper post title such as the main discussion question or a descriptive title that is not clickbait for advice will appear on the subreddit if it is approved .
remember if you are fixating on something physical symptoms diagnosis particular fear and need support check out our stickied daily thread for vents worries rants fixations daes does anyone else needing support reassurance type of content .
if your post contains this content you will be redirected to the megathread .
you are more likely to receive support there while also preventing the distress of others who are not mentally prepared to engage with such content outside of the megathread http reddit.com/r/healthanxiety/about/sticky
in the meantime you can check our common topic collections and participate in any of those active discussion threads
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthanxiety if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it 's from a movie edit but i 'm not sure i could be wrong
i 'm in the same boat as you or a shitty version of the same boat anyways .
was on the verge of breaking 100 got lessons put a couple of 9 hole rounds in the 40 's striking the ball much better all around everyone i play with notices how much better i look start tracking my handicap and my first 4 handicap rounds were all in the 120s .
good news is my last 27 holes have all been low 50s so i 'm back on track and have another lesson on monday .
but yeah super obnoxious that i 'm obviously playing better golf but somehow scoring worse .
it 's normally jeremy who does the insults looks like he has met his mach
you 'll still need to wait at the booths .
personally i definitely have more severe gyno and for me it was way better the less fat i was .
so maybe just take it as a motivation to hit the gym .
trust me it will make you feel better in general !
the supreme court did n't strike down the right to an abortion .
they just said it 's up to the states .
therefore each individual state can determine their own exceptions which i believe though not 100 certain every single one does have an exception for the life of the mother .
let 's not conflate one with the other because it dilutes the real issues
and yea with some they 'll be no changing their opinion but the comment thread is still there for others to see and maybe tilt they 're opinions one way or the other .
or ya'know just wind em up for the fun of it thats also enjoyable .
i just bought your game the first day of the sale it 's really amazing wish my eyesight was better index+glasses is a bit rough but the game is gorgeous and a lot of fun !
i do n't know about extremely but yea it is a bit more violent or at least more honest about the effects of the violence .
bro has n't been to a history class in their entire life
usually they just disagree with the methodology of coming to the claim of 77
usually 5-7mi in the morning and 3-4mi in the afternoon .
workouts and races in different shoes than listed above .
i imagine if vline did n't operate those tracks their finances would look much worse than they do now .
the return man watches the ball sail over his head into the end zone .
touchback. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20touchback message=the 20return 20man 20watches 20the 20ball 20sail 20over 20his 20head 20into 20the 20end 20zone. 20touchback .
it 's 1st and 10 on the utah tech 25 .
if you never took econ just say so hun you 're only embarrassing yourself more with each response
with them at least it will be a little bit more fun than alone
thanks a lot i was kinda on the fence whether or not to learn how to alternate because only down picking works for punk rock.. but i hear what you 're saying it 's something i will begin working on right now !
with the video i just wanted to see how my picking was make sure my hand is in the right position and i am striking the string correctly.. but it seems there is a lot more i can improve on than just that haha !
one of my first serious relationships lasted for nearly a year when i was in my late teens and i really struggled when it ended and i was hung up on him in a big way .
knew it was n't healthy and spent a summer drinking too much and being stupid and ended up making a show of myself in front of my ex and my friends .
stopped seeing him socially altogether for a bit stopped seeing guys stopped drinking .
started exercising and eating well got a job i liked and started feeling really good about myself .
ran into my ex one day and we went for a coffee .
turns out we had a lot more in common as friends than we ever had as a couple and we ended up as quite good friends .
a couple of weeks later i went to a bbq at his house and was introduced to one of his best friends who 'd just moved back to ireland and ended up going on a date with the lad .
we 're still together 15 years later and have 2 kids .
meditation and other mental work will take you deeper than escalating your dosage will .
there is an entire different realm of experiences out there hidden behind focus stillness and surrender
be aware you will be judged by god 's wrath for all the evil you help to manifest .
no god gives all the choice to follow him or not .
the bible says i put before you life and death .
choose life '' god does not force his will on anyone .
god allows '' it but that does not mean he condones it .
also you seem to conflate relative mortality and christianity .
first they tear off the limbs of the baby then they crush it 's skull and pull it out piece by piece .
you may not want to hear it but i am also against abortion .
i just think that banning it and offering little to no support to mothers is the wrong way to fight it .
the child will grow with all sort of mental issues .
however if this woman is encouraged and supported in having this baby this mother and child life will improve .
it gives cot on your capital if i 'm not wrong savoy has the same mission so you have to move it after forming bavaria since it probably made munich your capital .
i 'm waiting the next patch to try a run like denmark bavaria scandinavia to see how it mesh with those new missions
sjaelland has something tax or somthing toll which is like an estuary but better so i 'm pretty sure it can get a cot
my fans go all the way right to the ceiling ofy tent .
i have ac infinity usb fans on each light bringing my temp down to 83-87 degrees .
for sure the environment dictates how you can grow .
i 'd still mount the fan and filter outside somehow someway .
my dom side feels heckin called out by this .
one thing that helped with mine was trying to catch him in the act .
if i noticed him sniffing around like he was going to pee or poop i 'd follow him and if he started to squat i 'd gently but quickly scoop him up and carry him to the litterbox .
ours has a lid so i just sat him in front but i 'd set him right in it if it does n't have a lid .
and then lots of treats after he uses the box !
i would dash to the box if i heard him scratching around using it independently to make sure he got treats and pets when he came out .
it only took about a week of this to sort things out with my cat the only problem is that now he thinks if he can yell at me and get me to follow him to this litterbox he can force me to give him treats lol .
you do n't think those are large cities do you ?
if you 're planning on marketing it '' you have strong faith that it will not be a small drop in the scene '' and you have plans for the store front '' you really should be compensating your workers with a cut of future revenue if nothing else .
at least plan the financial model ahead of time and be transparent about it before trying to recruit people .
if you 're not going to sell it say that and open source it .
and if you were paying a tax for child welfare you 'd be helping all the amazing single mum 's out there .
there 's very little a person can do that 's better than that
show me one white city that has more shooting victims in one year than detroit philly or chicago .
never read the manga but i 'm going to watch the anime only because from what i saw in the trailer it looks really cool .
thank you until the anniversary event i was playing jonah been using the event to get jonah 's corrupt intervention on all my other survivors so he has no flans
the problem with narrow triangular plots is the pointy bit .
the only thing you can do is make it a place of mystery .
one trick is to plant a tree such as rowan or amelanchier and deliberately create shade that you exploit by planting shade lovers .
painted japanese ferns golden leaved or variegated hostas wicked big astilbes with massive froth pink flowers japanese anemone for summer into winter colour ... . and maybe go for a real wicked statement shade lover such as brunnera macrophylla 'alexanders great ' https www.google.co.uk/search ? q=brunnera+alexanders+great newwindow=1 tbm=isch ... it 's truly wicked big evergreen amazing leaves brilliant blue flowers and gets all visitors talking .
the other trick is to divide the space with a physical divider with a doorway so that the plants beyond can be glimpsed .
on either side of the doorway you can have trellis to run them roses up .
do add in clematis type 2 and type 3 to get colour and drama later in the season .
as to climbers for fences i always avoid ivy .
it simply takes too long to do a good job .
i 'd recommend evergreen climbers such as clematis armandii trachelospermum jasminoides holboellia mega plant as it flowers in winter and is evergreen and has silly purple sausage fruits hydrangea seemannii ... and many more .
if you have a green room you just need to accent it .
golden japanese spirea here variegated pieris japonica there pot of iris ... .
that 's why i started in the first place .
just takes away the should i have this instead of that ... have i had too much ... .it 's x mealtime i really should eat ... '' all that noise dies down .
when i do eat i really think about what i 'm eating .
not sure how sustainable it will be longer term only in 6th week but fingers are crossed .
my first pt at 4 months told me to find someone else because she had only done a dozen acl recovery and she did n't know what to do anymore .
my second pt gave me a regimen that was too easy and i went backwards .
i am now at 6 months and doing exercises by myself swelling is finally back to normal pain is almost gone but this knee is still a part time job .
i do pt 5 days a week by myself i do light therapy every day compression therapy about 5x a week with normatec boots and i finally was able to walk 20 minutes without pain yesterday .
i try to do the ems 3x a week and i try to do stationary bike for cardio 3x a week .
i use biofreeze professional when pain gets too bad .
i did try restore licenses and it did n't work but i did n't buy it on a different account i was playing it on this same account a few months ago
idk some people like community and thus tend to hang out on message boards and discuss their similar interests .
if you think it 's meaningless why do you participate ?
also who elected you the mayor of comedy oh wait elections are just group think so you probably think they 're meaningless flatulence as well lol
is it only meaningless when things do n't go your way ?
do you you only do meaningless things you have no emotional investment in like police all the meaningless flatulence online or continue to reply to things cause you like totally do n't care lol
it would be silly of you to be talking about this if you had n't already read arguments both for and against regulation of guns .
the ultrasounds are n't bad maybe just slightly embarrassing at most .
the technician has you cover up everything but your nards .
hopefully they warm the gel otherwise it 's a fun little cold shock .
you might just have a bacterial infection called epididimytis which is quite common .
since you said the pain diminished as you took the prescription i 'd lean that way but you need to listen to the doc not some strangers on the internet .
it is also a good idea to watch for fresh signs of bear activity
i respect you very wise grower here most of the time we blame ourselves but sometimes we get our hands on strains that are not good enough .
there are n't any conditions to be able to get through the maze its just really annoying to move around the perfect way to find the slightly hidden openings .
it 's difficult to describe without visuals but if you approach from the top right corner of the maze here'ss a basic description all of these turns include walking that direction until you ca n't move forward anymore .
then up turn left then up all the way through the spot below the trees where you lose sight of your character for a moment
then right up left until you 're below the trees again
then up and right until you 're home clear !
we are getting our submitters verified and we have determined
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
for other great subs check out the asian network !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/busty if you have any questions or concerns .
but we know from the base game or the dlc to be precise – constance 's supports that the crest of macuil does exist in families in the empire and is common enough that the nuvelle family passes off their crest of noa as macuil 's successfully .
we also know from three houses that baron ochs is a minor crestless noble .
his daughter having a crest when he does not might explain him sending her to garreg mach maybe an effort to improve his family 's station ?
it 's also implied that macuil 's dislike for humans is a relatively contemporary development since seteth thought he would help claude .
if macuil gave his blood to a human in the distant past before he started hating humans his crest could be passed down to the present day .
they get completely overwhelmed this time of year and end up putting down a large number of them .
it 's not like you are going to get the votes to be able to actually impeach and remove !
the gop knew what these political operatives were there to do .
mental health is so complicated and still is n't understood at all .
this is why treatment methods are changing every 10 years .
for what it 's worth i think the ssri era is pretty disastrous .
i believe we can be doing a lot better in terms of treatment .
most people who end up on these drugs just need support reassurance and help to understand the thoughts and feelings they experience .
we 're extremely vulnerable and unfortunately many so called healthcare experts take advantage of us and use us as guinea pigs for their medication experiment .
i do n't think people should be allowed freedom to prescribe these drugs without knowing how to safely taper people off them .
i also think everyone prescribed psychotropic drugs should have a gene test beforehand to check the variations in alleles responsible for the enzymes that metabolise these drugs .
that core for occupied province mechanic was very fun and makes sense for china imo
i again agree with your point but factors like latitudes and the attitude also affect such things .
also people forget that the population also plays a vital role in that .
if thousands of cars enter and exit delhi everyday including the ones owned by the domiciles of delhi there is nothing our stupid politicians '' can do about it .
like if we are comparing cities like delhi and london or cities of bhutan as people seem to be mentioning here we must also see how much of population is involved .
i think that might even be a major cause behind such neverending pollution .
all of us pro-lifers were spending time with our godly gifts !
he said it looked too good to eat lol !
i could be having the worse day of my life but doing this job makes that all go away .
as a reminder this flair is for anime discussions .
use spoiler tags when discussing events that have taken place beyond the anime .
if you see any comments with untagged manga spoilers please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boruto if you have any questions or concerns .
many right-wing conservatives point to islamic-majority states in the middle east and will bemoan and complain about their lack of human rights and of how they treat women horribly when that is not even the case in most middle east countries and yet these same right-wing conservatives want america to turn into a christofascist theocratic state .
yta here but at least it seems from your comments you 're capable of learning how not to be one in the future .
you and all the other regular russian people do n't deserve the amount of hate that 's spewed your way
vent about it in your status so i get more posts i 'm collecting them like pokemon cards !
i got an egg and im not afraid of using it
i just impulse bought one of these on r/watchexchange and i could not be more impressed with it .
same one you have so 42 white on bracelet .
the eta-based b17 is perfectly fine for this application and price point .
these can be had at/under 3k and the value proposition at that price is fantastic .
highlights for me are the delightful 120-click screwed-on bezel with matte navy dlc the wildly bright lume and as you said the surprising comfort and balance of the bracelet .
this is a chunky watch but it does n't wear like one .
oddly the superocean heritage seems to get most of the attention these days maybe because of the b20 movement ?
lot of tudor fanbois out there especially in the yt watch review space .
anyway i think people are really sleeping on these .
large parts of eastern poland east of the curzon line were transferred to the ussr in 1945 .
i do n't since i 'm at my dads atm but i did buy some other things that have gotten shipped with it so when i look at tracking with my other orders the order is going to be shipped with them and it 's currently in my country after 2 days of being shipped which is a shock
waiting for the map with a completely frozen sea to recreate frostpunk dreadnaughts
wendy drawing the line at rigging voting machines seemed woke to me .
do n't know if i 'd get into one knowing that but sex is n't the only reason to be in a relationship .
if everything else is good i do n't think i 'd end a relationship over it .
same bruv i am missing those days so bad if we think it 's been a long time 🥺🥺
what entry of the monster manual makes you the most horny ?
it sounds like high school in pennsylvania i was a popular football player so i got to die and get a day off school so my pretend death sunk in before prom .
except copilot seems to spit out a lot of code verbatim .
i would guess a home made boat could have a motor so in that case it would need to be registered .
if you 're paddling i think you 're good .
i 've been boating in sc for over 30 years and have been safety checked twice and had fishing license checked 3 times .
if it needs to be something i have control over i 'd probably do something like have a fake sneezing fit during the vows .
it would absolutely destroy the mood but no one could be upset with me .
people are overly positive when the team wins and players play well .
people are overly negative when the team loses and players play poorly .
yeah honestly might not be the most popular take but his playoffs performance makes me completely okay with him walking .
he did n't look anything like his regular season self and he was allowing a lot of goals you 'd just like to see him have but his angles were off and he did n't look confident to me .
if binner comes back to bdb in every playoffs then i definitely do n't want to have 3-4 mil tied up in the back up .
god jamil looks like such a smug bastard but suffering on the inside because of the blot tear .
and i love how some of the snakes move and how it looks like they 'll suffocate him his ob his desires will choke him out of all of his life .
meanwhile you fucking put an arrow through my heart with vil how dare you remind me of all of the frustrations of entertaining people and never getting acknowledgment .
it is a rework if you look at the trailer you 'll notice that the lighting coming off of objects is n't excessively blinding and the light level seen under nvgs is more balanced than it was previously
8th century englishman running for the hills when lebron and co step off the longboat
you see that 's the problem with people on the left .
you take your positions and you refuse to move from them because the people you vote for told you that 's the position you 're supposed to have .
you never bothered to actually learn or educate yourself on the topic you 're so passionate about .
the fact that a democrat told you to be passionate is enough for you .
once they party tells you how to feel you 'll die on that hill .
you still never feel the need to ever actually educate yourself on the issue though .
i guess in the end you 've done a lot to really reinforce my views on you and the rest of your party .
please get your dumbass made up religion out of my world .
at least he 's the primary antagonist whose motives are really in question throughout the story .
ghetsis is mostly around to prop up n until the very end where he reveals his use of n 's naivete was all a grab at power .
even after ghetsis ' defeat it 's n the story focuses on as he reflects and grows before the game 's final act resumes .
the point is n't to change one rapist 's angry shitty mind .
it is to shut the economy down and take money from the owning class until they take their foot off of the working class enough for us to breathe .
i 'm on cordial terms with my parents and brother .
i basically have n't talked to anyone else in years .
why wait for the helicopter when you can become the helicopter ?
primeape muk and blastoise we 're all on my e4 team in a regular play through of fire red .
primeape and blastoise are good hard hitters and muk is good for poisoning and such .
lapras and jolteon are also good pics jolteon 's speed is good for getting in some reliable damage and so is snorlax but it does n't have any type advantage over anything whatsoever except for agatha 's ghosts sort of .
ooh i remember that game my grandson alex played top trumps with me the other day ... or i think he was alex
youre just weird forcing queerness onto someone because you saw a sign point to a closet .
but every other overtly in your face detail you say is not real 😂 .
it looks like you are asking a question remember a lot of questions are asked repeatedly so we ask that you use the search and make sure to check the weekly questions thread https www.reddit.com/r/ghostoftsushima/search ? q 22weekly+questions+thread 3a 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all .
if you are asking a frequently asked question do not be surprised if a mod removes your post without saying anything .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ghostoftsushima if you have any questions or concerns .
incidentally the most democratic counties in illinois were in southern illinois into the 90 's .
wait you get outfit buffs if it 's in your poh ?
this is pretty heartbreaking because i 've seen kids treated this way .
putting themselves out there only to get absolutely socially decimated for no good reason .
i have n't had my levels checked my doctor just listened to what was happening when i tried certain foods told me to try the regular diem direct one .
that one did help a bit but not a ton so the next reorder i tried the ms360 one from diem direct .
that one 's a different formula something about the other formulation can apparently set people off .
i now take dao with most meals unless it 's just like rice and veggies or things that i 've always been able to eat even at my worst .
my doctor also started me on digest enzymes too something about nitrogen waste . ''
the combination of those 2 meds with meals have been a real game changer for me
is robbing a person who is handicap worse than robbing a person who is n't ?
does that person 's physical situation factor into the resulting morality of your decision ?
that is the investor side of borrowing for mortgages .
looks pretty leveraged especially when they secure the loans using existing houses as collaterals .
abortion has become a destination medical procedure see new mexico colorado california etc .
i wish i could be a fly in the wall to the meetings where out of touch executives told creatives how to handle the politics of the show .
i 'm just imagining the most out of touch millionaire white suburbanite dad types .
you 'd probably hear one of the mention how they would have voted for obama for a third time or some shit .
it was a matter of taking everyone down and being homeless or getting rid of the newborn .
so my grandparents buried their newborn daughter in a shoebox .
there was n't a place to give the baby away where it would be safe either .
they had an asylum where babies lived with severe abuse and children never made it to adulthood .
had there been abortion there 'd be no viable baby to suffer and die would there ?
nobody knew about it for decades but now that we all look back on it it explains a lot about how it cost her immense grief .
they went on to be stable enough financially to afford children .
1 in 4 women in the u.s. have had an abortion .
a national study shows that women who 've had an abortion have a better out come financially and have been able to raise a family .
in contrast women who 've been forced to carry to term have n't done as well .
unless we have medical care for women to choose to carry to term or not and access to affordable birth control for all with proper health care for newborns and everyone this country absolutely sucks for females to be born into .
tied mine because my 3 starters this weekend perez gallen heaney all got injured/delayed
robin hood steals money from the rich to give to the poor
the rich raises taxes to compensate for the loss of money .
i 'll give it a shot and let you know .
all i 'm getting is that people should n't take personal responsibility for their actions .
given that every apex figure gets delayed by atleast 4-5 months i already know she 'll release near christmas at the very least .
could be in 2023 as well since nov-dec is festival season .
sakura just released in china and she was scheduled for march .
i thought it was about how they look older nowadays .
which i mean ... is false if you ask me .
lots of us did but we have a choice as to whether or not we let that define us .
she has chosen a path now as an adult .
my hope for her is that she gets into therapy and works to get better as a human being .
perhaps this will end up being a wakeup call for her .
change is hard but you have to want to want to change .
if you do n't want to change is impossible .
but once he gets hit his illusion wears off .
definitely not you just want your son to be respected .
edge peeling is not an issue but your stiga premade is far far from a premium paddle .
i recommend returning it and buying something from colestt com .
although are we certain she wants to rule with an iron fist ?
ok he 's funny i 'd fuck him just for that 💀 maybe i 'm just down bad who knows
we should have seen this comeing sooner or later .
love the 2000 's silhouette the proportions are spot on .
do you have any close shots of the details ?
wait i thought the malph ult was shown before to work in another vid ?
me running around like a mad man and kicking undead butt in zombies
xiamen had this one really great vintage shop i found but ca n't for the life of me remember where in the city it is
the need for intimacy and women is so fucking annoying it 's not always around and yet i crave it all the time and i 'm tired of needing it .
if so then this comes well before most people-choice people draw the line 6 weeks gestation .
then this is impacted substantially by historical time period and regional access to medicine begging some ridiculous questions such as does advancements technology/medicine change the timeline in human personhood ? and does a fetus with better access to these viability-enhancing machines/medicine say by parental income or the country of origin have personhood before one that does not ?
i 'd love to hear the philosophical arguments that can explain human personhood at 7 months vs 3 vs 12 weeks gestation .
if u/2dgt3d finds any sources they will be linked in a reply to this comment .
otherwise if you have n't yet please do n't forget to add a comment with an acceptable source which can be a link to the post in the artist 's or commissioner 's gallery not just to the gallery itself or e621 no other sites .
if there is some reason you ca n't provide a direct source please make a note of that so your post is not removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gfur if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like you 're ready for a scuba dive !
agreed but still interesting to see internal debates within their camp .
he 's polarizing to a very specific group of voters that absolutely hate him irrespective of policy .
a2 stock with duct tape on top of handkerchiefs .
it would be considered a destructive device and a boobytrap as well which are definitely illegal .
see their body expand and stretch out to literally push out a whole human while being constantly nauseous hormonal and finally have their ass torn apart while in labour .
just to suffer all this while going through painful breadtfeeding and then months of healing stitches ppd and again to get discriminated at your workplace .
oh also looking after the house kids dirty diapers and a manchild .
interesting things happening to interesting people is basically the only rule of screenwriting
i guess the take away is that things like flashbacks are extra prone to being uninteresting especially for an amateur .
but if you can make them interesting then voila you did n't break the one rule .
awww the poor fascist got a pat on the back ?
as time went on my body got used to it and i also went to my doctor voicing my concerns .
i went and did pap test ultrasound blood work .
the doctor had to prescribe naproxen antiacid to lessen the damage from the naproxen in my stomach so far it 's working ok but i feel it 's slowly losing it 's effect .
what use to be 15 min kick in is now 45 min .
i would suggest you go see a doctor and get yourself tested .
try using a hot water pouch to ease the pain a bit .
in eragon 's defense there was just too much important stuff covered in the book to fit in a movie .
if it was split into 2 movies it might 've actually been good .
sounds like a good way to benefit rich neighbourhoods .
except ... carrying capacity is a linear scale even if ogres are listed as using trees as clubs a 20-ft tall pine tree with a diameter greater than 12 inches would still weigh upwards of 900 lbs which is actually more than a large 20 strength ogre should mechanically be capable of lifting .
i am sorry for the loss of your grandfather .
i think your first part about your special relationship witb your grandfather is a little irrelevant here clearly he wrote his will to reflect his priorities and your parents have made their own plans with that money .
obviously you can politely ask but it 's perfectly reasonable for them to say no you yourself admit you do n't know much about finance so i do n't know why you 're so confident that they do n't need the money .
i would n't care if liking your cock made me gay .
hello chester_699 your submission https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/comments/vlu1wv in r/clashofclans has been removed for the following reason s
this question belongs in the weekly questions megathread http www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/about/sticky that is pinned on the front page and may already be answered in the faq https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/wiki or the fandom wiki https clashofclans.fandom.com/wiki/clash_of_clans_wiki .
please post it as a comment in that thread .
any questions message the mods https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fclashofclans subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/comments/vlu1wv .
subreddit rules r/clashofclans/about/rules reddiquette wiki/reddiquette reddit 's rules wiki/rules new to reddit ?
it would be insane if dsla pulls this off .
this is the only project i know that offers insurance on so many blockchains .
they would have to be wankers to be friends with this asshole
ordinary is a neutral word as it is most similar in use to common or normal. bland on the other hand carries a negative connotation as it means lacking flavor and uninteresting.
as far as i 'm aware there is no source for the claim/idea that athena is a lesbian .
i could see how someone might come to that conclusion as she is one of the virgin goddesses however just because she 's never been with a man does n't mean she 's attracted to women ...
personally it 's my opinion that out of the three virgin goddesses athena is the one most asexual .
as she was literally borne from zeuses mind she is entirely logic and reasoning with little to no passionate emotion ... take that for what it 's worth though as it is just my opinion .
looking really good would love to show you a good time
i get up when i want except on wednesdays.. when i get rudely awakened by the trash men .
the gas we want to buy from them is n't valueless the whole thing is they want us to pay in rubles not in dollars the price does n't change
i expect they would put saddiq there after he had so much success playing the 4 last year .
people who unwittingly hold on to unhealthy patterns that in many cases perpetuate their sense of their own wretchedness .
but in the case of cinder it seems more about playing the role she knows .
she 's not entirely obedient to salem but only goes along as it is her way to get even more power .
i was stressed during the schoolyear but that 's about it .
i quite often eat trashy food so this may be the issue .
i never know how to show gratitude and i 'm worried i 'll sound patronising .
also in the past most of the time if somebody was nice they wanted something .
so i 'm never sure anyway if somebody 's being nice just because .
guys have things they do n't like physically about a woman when they first meet them but those things become irrelevant if they like her .
a woman who looks like a 10 can quickly become a zero with a horrible personality and the opposite is also true .
so my point being that if a guy meets you and at first he was n't crazy about your hands he would quickly forget about it if he was interested in you as a person .
my advice for what it 's worth is to stop focusing on your hands and you 'll find other people will also .
i have a whole set of foul weather gear .
sit out in the rain and just sit there in the pouring rain .
i do n't get wet except for a little on my face .
another key vs skaven is to always scout ahead with heroes they can detect enemy forces in ambush stance never ever use force march and you can end your turn in ambush stance your self .
nothing feels better then turning the coin vs those pesky rats .
playing vs skaven can be a pain but when you learn their mechanics you can easily play around it .
another key is hit them early an early game skaven stack is relatively easy to handle .
a late game stack with poison wind mortars artillery ratlinguns and jeziles can be a nightmare .
i did n't know about gigi and bella before watching this show .
now every time i see them i just feel bad for them .
that one bite of birthday cake for gigi always gets me .
this is why i can never seem to get through this season !
i ca n't believe any of the girls entertained him let alone slept with him .
visit some of our recommended subreddits r/jizzedtothiss r/stripchatcam r/chaturbatecam r/camwhoresofficial r/nsfwhardfuck r/itsporn r/totalpackage r/hentaimama r/sexybutclothed r/borntobefucked
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickthighs if you have any questions or concerns .
considering income limits it was basically a week of pay ... and likely way above a week of pay ...
not that many people at that income level have access to fast easy money of that amount ...
yeah you 're right but what is with the two in the back
i 've already seen some incredibly spurious attempts to claim she 's a communist plant 😂
how come no media commentator has pointed out that boris quite literally threatens the rights of minority groups every single time he 's in political trouble ?
the pro-uk guy wants to remove fundamental rights from his citizens the right to protest the right to be free from government intervention on private matters the right not to be ridiculed in public by people who are ostensibly elected to represent you and so on .
and they wonder why trust in politics is at an all time low .
he 's just a tinpot dictator with worse hair .
yeah mb sorry but i watched a video about albanian cities and for berat it said most of the houses were built in ottoman style .
well yeah that 's why i explained that on the paréntesis in the original comment
i prefer avax because it supports the evm ethereum virtual machine so its pretty easy to port apps over from other networks .
this is probably one of the reasons of avax 's success https defillama.com/chains .
everything on cosmos has to be rewritten from scratch not sure if this approach will be successful tbh .
oh one more thing avax seems to be one of the most reliable layer1 .
cats kind of like a cute version of the t-rex 😂😂😂
please remember there are real people on the other side of the monitor and to be kind .
report comments that break the rules and do n't respond to negativity with negativity !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comics if you have any questions or concerns .
way to go spoiling what 's gon na happen to all of them in the books
it 's very absurdly difficult to out train an over indulgent diet .
does this mean that by removing the async await parts the function should fire and return as normal ?
or with something like gmaps.places i would be better to somehow make it an async function also not sure how to do this but i can look into it if needed
pure speculation but i 'd propose another x-men expansion focusing on apocalypse .
you can pay for ad free but i havent bothered .
they really want to keep it exclusive to the packs .
the tiled floor is tougher than the tempered glass the glass has no give to it that 's literally all there is too it .
someone is trash and ca n't deal with blaster heroes so he comes up with a solution they 're should be a saber only mode .
if refreshing the page does n't work you should contact support .
most definitely would eat your pussy would love for you to ride my face .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i was kinda only going with it because it 's the pixel that 's currently available .
do n't want to go back to a samsung etc and have seen any of the 5 range around .
she mentioned she has an appointment with a journalist of female magazine soon .
like most cosmetic surgery probably originally developed for a genuine '' need that then got marketed for a bigger audience
quotes on genuine not cause it 's not legit but because it does n't have to be like physically dangerous '' .
if you lose an eye it 's not like you need a glass eye for safety reasons but it 's very reasonable that you might want one
i feel like you should tell him too because it 's not as if you created the baby all by yourself .
getting an abortion can and according to my experience/understanding take a huge toll on your physical and mental health .
it would definitely help to have someone who could support you in some way as someone else has said getting a car ride etc .
just knowing that there is someone there who is in this with you would be useful .
i do n't want to put more pressure on you but from my own experience just be prepared that if you do tell your fwb he might react in a really disgusting and irresponsible way .
i know someone in your situation and basically the fwb insisted that the baby was n't his which made the situation even more stressful for my friend .
the respawns need some work definitely agree on that .
there 's one that spawns you on an edge face first into lava without any ziplines nearby .
i wish the weapons selection worked like arena so you can have slightly better weapons every time you die if you get good ratings .
might be hard to balance tho but could encourage objective play .
the protection of being a member of nato can not be understated you will not end up with a fate similar to ukraines
and how much strategic experience have you developed in nato 's military command structure ?
i can go most other places and make more .
not easy discussions because they are tired of being asked
any state that became independent would be pretty screwed .
people do n't think about the economic impact of the end of open interstate borders .
rob is n't exactly the most ... .respected artist in the comic book community .
his contributions in the 90s were very big but he 's also an artist who gets clowned on a lot for his bizarre body proportions and his tendency to put waaaay too much muscle on his drawings .
i honestly would n't be surprised if he 's not being 100 honest cause the guy is kind of a clown ... another thing of note is liefield designed dp but the character was also written and co-created by fabian nicieza .
i 'm not going to argue with you as it 's pointless .
i hope i have given anyone who reads this thread a cause to check for themself as that 's all that 's needed
no danny you were n't rude in the least ! ! !
it 's spiritually damaging to her christian walk though a few laws/statutes/commands by christ and his father the lord god jehovah no jehovah 's witnesses involved in this particular story just the name used by me for the lord almighty god .
susan '' was the one that actually requested the help .
i 'm just the vessel by which she contacted the reddit forum by but i 100 get where you would have figured that from my writing lol ! ! !
but yeah thank you for taking the time out to even care about some random strangers ' personal problems .
if you are want please pray for susan thanks dan !
yes bl3 has crossplay across all plattforms xbox ps pc stadia
you left the spike in spawn can you go get it ?
are ... .are they implying you should gladly sacrifice a limb for them ? ?
i played this game when i was 5/6 years old
yes because they do n't want to be cancelled and burned down by peaceful protesters
you 'd think that would have gotten him points with right .
you were n't talking to a girl but someone who has taken over her account
never ever change the password to your social media accounts to something someone gave you
sorry you met one at legends but that 's not everyone in a gay bar everyone in a gay bar in brighton or even in legends .
she had her own issues and targeted you but it 's more about her and her own issues than you .
you were just in a bar that happens to be typically but not exclusively gay having a drink with friends .
you did n't give her any reason to come up to you and give you grief .
the whole ethos of brighton is that people can be themselves and there is n't some dividing border between gay and straight people .
people go where they want with who they want and pretty much do what they want .
anyone trying to prevent someone from peacefully doing that needs to go work on themselves .
you crack on and in the summer there are pink hats all over brighton whether that be stag and hens or the pride weekend in august .
make sure you do n't accidentally touch the br*tish 🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮 virgin 👍👍👍😁😁😁 islands 🏝🏝🏝🗿🗿🗿
the lesson is that voting republican puts your human rights at risk .
i have whole neighbourhoods made of my own sims .
if you were going to do it it would be done already .
it 's pretty lucky it has n't started overflowing onto your floor..
i may not be on rebirth but i follow and deeply appreciate all of your simply amazing work and dedication
if you genuinely do n't mind being in the middle of nowhere then yes they really are that cheap .
but the middle of nowhere is a very different thing in sweden compared to the uk .
are you comfortable driving in snowy and icy conditions ?
would you or someone on your family be willing to learn to drive a snowmobile ?
are you willing to own and maintain a snow mobile ?
in case you have an emergency before the plow has been ?
you may be as much as an hour by car from the nearest shop .
sweden has good internet cover but you need to check that the house you are interested in is connected or you 'll have to pay for laying down cable yourself .
are you planning on having children because large swathes of the north are so far from a hospital with a maternity ward that stories about babies born in cars taxis and ambulances stopped in motorway laybys are everyday things .
are you interested in hunting fishing or restoring american cars ?
those are the easiest ways to make new friends where the property is cheapest .
20 hours of darkness or more per day for four months a year ?
i am actually not trying to scare you off .
i am aware of all this and more downsides but it 's actually where i want to live low house prices or not .
i just think it 's things one should be aware of first .
because it 's easy to get excited about really good houses at really good prices in a beautiful environment .
but if you 're really extroverted or 0-neg mosquitoes love it or have seasonal affective disorder you may want to think it over .
maybe paying a little more for property in a little less remote part of sweden is the happy medium here .
a whole nicely kept villa with a massive garden for the equivalent of the deposit on a decrepit kent mid terrace with no garden and where you have to keep the fridge in the living room because the kitchen is too small ?
i got an email from bevan a few months back .
first you might have frame damage so get that checked first .
otherwise your replacement parts may not fit when you put it on .
second your condenser can be repaired but you do have to discharge it and recharge it at a shop .
i 'd love to make your pretty feet feel so good or be rubbed between your soft feet 😘🤲🏻🦶🏻🔜🦶🏻🍆
i was waiting for someone to comment something like this .
but he did though ... his belief on the situation is the exact same as what i 've suggested is the negative that stems from it .
no doubt you are one of those people and just ca n't see it .
can you tell me the exact steps of your attempt ?
moving out is n't going to change any of the feelings above .
is your whole point here to make an 18 year old feel shitty because they are still reliant ?
i am 18 tomorrow and have my own job yet still rely on my parents because i 'm in school .
i‘m actually part of a project team that 's implementing amrs into our production plant and before that i was working on our prototypes before we launched them for small scale production .
for our amrs we are looking at a timeframe of amortization of around 24 months which is not too shabby .
the most expensive replacement parts cost about the same as 1.5 months of a forklift drivers pay and have an expected lifetime of around 48 months under the worst circumstances always at load capacity lots of emergency brakes etc .
so on the financial side i think amrs are already very competitive .
edit egyebkent igazad vannak olyanok is vannak akik pl sajat maguknak is azt hazudjak hogy de van ilyen .
does it say no lung '' or no material '' ?
or someone else is already trying to implant the lung and thus reserved the one you have in storage
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanschicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've been experimenting with this style and i like how clean it looks .
this commission was done using multiple pose references not tracing .
i love how more fun and expressive it made the character seem
or someone that got bit by one or grew up next to a vicious one or a whole lot of other very legit reasons .
not all dogs are pleasant often because their owners are n't .
i 'm grateful they do it but i genuinely have no idea why anyone chooses this as a career .
was coming for the free snacks until i noticed the ticket price 😛
1 more minute imagine if the person in charge of tweeting took a nap
i 'm having similar issues with overture i do n't have direct drive on my printer yet however so mine is a little worse looking in general 😅 i also bought some pla from overture at the same time and it is working remarkably well i wish i could say the same for the petg so it does n't seem to be anything wrong with my printer just the print settings which are remarkably similar to yours
all these virgins meanwhile r/mtf is having it 's third post of the day about having a female orgasm while having sex .
what a legend just looked at the insta account they drove it all over europe i saw rome and teh artic circle coming by .
hey everyone is there a minimum iv that 's considered the standard worth investing in ?
also is there a list somewhere of all pokemon worth maxing out right now ideally ones that wo n't be ending up outclassed any time soon ?
... .yeah its certainly fascist to try and storm a legislative session forcing people to evacuate slamming on doors trying to break in and forcing police to deploy tear gas ...
i coulda swore that democrats have spent millions of dollars on hearings about something where they describe exactly that in detail ... ...
so are you the kind to say that both are bad and both are forms of fasicst attempts to force democracys hand via violence ...
or ... are you the more predictable redditor who will scream what we 're doing isnt it what theyre doing is the worst ? ! ''
i hope youre at least smart enough to realize that this isnt good no matter who is doing it ... but this isnt a fascist theocracy in the slightest ... . you clearly know nothing of the political spectrum and if you did you would know that all of american history hasnt moved within a few points of each other on the political x/y graph ...
try taming it and then u can ride him once he grows up
think we are saying the same thing just semantics at this point .
i would argue being polite kind and giving benifit of the doubt would describe your definition of base level respect .
they are asking for an informed opinion about their character .
feel it be disingeous to say you respect them when do n't even know them
the way he comes running out of the kitchen with it after kaitlyn shoots caleb like he 's ready to throw hands is adorable
good on you for being an awesome brother ! ! !
look into community health clinics or maybe a planned parenthood somewhere .
everyone 's reactions to bc are different but have her look into something that 's longer-term use is less likely to fail because it does n't require remembering to take every day like the pill or leave evidence like a pack of pills such as an iud or the nexplanon implant .
i had the latter loved it during the time i had it .
i 've since gotten sterilized so i 'm no longer on bc .
also at 18 she is an adult so your mom can go with her to the appointment but she can demand that mom remains in the waiting room .
if she 's not much for confrontation help her privately call ahead have them tell mom she needs to stay in the waiting room for social distancing purposes or whatever .
eh i tot ghost type got future predictions one no meh ?
all is ok i kept the wheel open some minutes
sounds like you collided molly and roid on a date ...
there 's no ‘just ' when it comes to abuse .
please report to your local social services/safeguarding team asap .
too much lovecraftian junk and not enough spaceships and laser guns .
my sister and i work at the same place and it confuses her how i keep things tidy at work but not at home .
i wonder what would happen if america had an anarchist president .
romance is not relevant until very later on but it has a love triangle of sort and no harem
i thought the child was hanging on by the boob
i went through severe trauma as a child and what i learned the hard way it is that is better not giving hints of my trauma when i am not sure i want to share my feelings with someone what he did is kind of cruel to you
they back kinda they came back more n mkre n sshi
how long we betting she lasts before the bloodblorne guy rips her spine out with his bare hands ?
if only warren actually produced an actual roadmap on how to get that done .
these people need to get slapped with a reality check .
i have a small dog 8lb when i walk her she just walks in the grass along the sidewalk .
i was trying to guess what it 'd be before the reveal and i cackled .
why should i even want to 😈😈😈 i would love to breed you sweetheart 🥰🥰🥰❤️❤️❤️
if you do you better let me know lol .
was n't even the best player on his team this year
calling the pm a dictator is a political tactic every party uses and has used in the past .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
they probably either use flying magic or just.. do n't do it and let someone else do it lol
much easier to get mugged or pickpocketed than either city you mentioned .
they 're not my favorite cities either but it 's much better during the off-season .
o último que li foi neuromancer do william gibson .
i would bury my face and tongue so deep in that curvy ass 😘
fuck it i guess that works the same way 😂 just never looked at it like that !
would more aggressive blades be ok to start off with ?
but the eth-denominated apr which is what we care about for comparison will mostly depend on the speculative part .
strong agree on your initial framing depends how much you wan na speculate on rpl .
now you crypto bros want regulations ... when in fact the thing that got crypto famous was it would be above regulations and not subject to government corruption and tyranny .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/personalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
sometimes taking up a law-related job is bad for studying law because theory and practice can differ greatly especially in the philippines— i 've met court employees who did badly in remedial law bank employees who did badly in commercial law because they could n't help but answer exams as if it were a situation at their job .
fuck you all you kids watching this game right now ''
yeah with the extended run fuel tank it can run 72 hours straight before refueling .
what the fuck part of 'cremate and scatter ' did you fail to under-fucking-stand ? ''
when the god they worship is so clearly a psychopath ... what does it say about them ?
so if your skin ever got that bad again you 'd rather take other medications that you believe are also created by big pharma which is the same company that caused your eczema to flare up due to steroids in the first place ?
so essentially you 're replacing one toxin with another .
the more you respond the more idiotic you sound .
also steroid creams are n't bad if you use them appropriately .
you 're acting like steroid creams are dangerous in general .
many people find that their eczema is well managed with steroid creams .
while some medications can be harmful to the body not all of them are especially when they 're used properly .
the mississippi delta was shining like a national guitar .
there must be some way out of here said the joker to the thief .
once upon a time you dressed so fine threw the bums a dime in your prime did n't you ?
people call say beware doll you 're bound to fall you thought they were all a-kidding ' you .
lol your defense is just trash i 'm sure you were using another op player to guard him
do you think political cartoons are only supposed to be funny ?
the ones i like best are those that depict in a drawing what i cant even put into words .
this https www.google.com/search ? q=9 2f11+political+cartoon+firemen+heaven tbm=isch ved=2ahukewjp3rd_rcz4ahvlnn0kht8ecsqq2-ccegqiabac oq=9 2f11+political+cartoon+firemen+heaven gs_lcp=chjtb2jpbgutz3dzlxdpei1pbwcqaziecb4qcjoeccmqjzofcaaqogq6bqghekscogqiabaeogyiabaeeau6bggaeb4qcdoecaaqgfd_bljfpmdlqggacab4aiabzigb_gqsaqqxos4xmaeaoaebwaeb sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-img ei=l_e4yo-3aexs9ao_vkigda bih=905 biw=1366 prmd=inv rlz=1c9bkja_enus959us963 hl=en-us imgrc=oiu_fheuuvon3m is my favorite political cartoon of all time and it never ceases to make me tear up .
even just now when i looked for the link and saw it again i choked up .
it 's of the firemen who were killed at 9/11 in front of the pearly gates and the men have halos and one is radioing his captain we 've reached the top .
goddamn it im now crying just from typing it .
it is my personal belief that political cartoon have the power to encapsulate more with a few brushstrokes than leaders can with 1000 words .
that some are amusing does n't even come close to the top 10 reasons they are amazing .
i can only speak from my own experience and it might not be the same thing but i 'd like to share it .
the same thing happened from me to my ex boyfriend i fall out of love and attraction from him due to his alcohol addiction and little by little i noticed this behavior towards him until i realized that although i cared for him and had feelings it was n't longer on a romantic level but as a friend ... .as soon as i came to this conclusion i decided to part ways since i was n't longer into him and the reactions were the same as your gf towards you .
now i just want to clear things up that the background story is not the same however it might give you some clarity
he just really liked her after and it would 've been a great conclusion .
but very true ariri katagiri was a perfect match as well and i love the ending with them meeting again espically because he remembers who she is and it really made things come full circle .
m sets and h sets are maintained by a contractor as well basically everything since m sets is 4gt
i wish my brother a happy father 's day and he wishes me a happy mother 's day because our adults were shitty .
the only stability we had was each other and we tried our best to help each other through .
so those days are whatever you want to make of them .
not everyone celebrates the holidays exactly the same or for the same reasons .
your ex boyfriend is extremely immature to think otherwise .
i have one that 's probably about 8 years old and it 's about a foot tall .
yonko level minus the perks of having a crew .
people are emotional and she/he really may have meant it in that time .
now very emotional people have a harder time sticking to their morals and ethics .
take this as a learning lesson for vetting the next person .
did you see any red flags as someone who really wanted long term commitment ?
what would you change for yourself to keep this relationship going ?
weeks 2-8 were fucking hell for me but 10 weeks in i am really seeing this break up as a huge opportunity for inner growth and just so thankful i got to experience those beautiful moments together .
my weekend was not fun but things will get better eventually .
i just sold an ak i bought for 200 for 3000 .
i disagree new content is something everyone can experience a new class will not be played by everyone .
but for the people who play the new class more content is experienced by them as well hence you always would prioritise more content over classes .
golem starting hand is a terrible move unless they have a bad starting hand but you usually just lose .
no one on ladder running golem above 7k is ever goleming first play .
was roughly 1600 a spanish governor had this happen when he pissed off the wrong people .
doctor what is more serious a head injury or a foot injury ?
wow ... you are generous for letting her even be in the same room as the baby now .
i would absolutely not rush or be peer pressured into letting people hold your child .
that is actual trauma that you went through that and extremely sad .
she literally stole your first moments as a mother and almost killed your baby from rsv
bro i 'm going with uncle 's and i have to tame myself a little but if i was with friends i would fucking scream
i got a lot of flack for my caffeine intake because it was in the form of soda ...
by people who drinking a large starbucks coffee first thing in the morning and would have more coffee and tea as the day wore on easily matching or exceeding my caffeine intake .
but they ca n't quit coffee and i 've effectively quit caffeine .
wait a minute so idolatry and murder are bad but two sentences later he is idolizing my man jesus and saying that people should be murdered
cum play with your fav strawberry slut 🍓 link ⬇️ https onlyfans.com/groovybaby97
verification with us is mandatory if you wish to post your own content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
the aca almost died because there were some abortion provisions in there .
anyone saying that democrats could 've done anything is lying to you or themselves
god is in control he for lack of better words does n't care if a baby is miscarried
just got ta fight the battle and overcome one 's self .
oh geez i got into gears late but the last two games i was like ... where 's the rest of the game ?
to get the tornado achivement just use the curse on a tornado intel u get the achivement .
yes i did it a day ago and im gon na give u a list of things to do
1.find a orc king that has 6 or more traits .
3.make him fight a tumor make sure he does n't die use blood rain intel he has the tumor infection trait .
4.then give a mage the cursed and tiny trait if you dont have these traits just keep giving him blood rain .
5.make a new human kingdom wait till it has a king make the orc kingdom go to war with the human kingdom and let the orc kill him .
6.spawn a dragon and give him the cursed and tiny trait then let the orc kill the dragon .
7.make the orc on fire but dont let him die .
8. make the orc kill a bunch of skeletons and give them cursed and tiny traits intel he has crippled one eyed veteran and he should have 13 traits by now .
9.then give the orc the plague cursed and then make sure hes at full health with the blood rain then strike him with lightning and check if he has the immortal and charged trait.if he does not have the traits heal him with the blood rain and strike again and then do that intel he has the immortal and charged trait .
10.give him the infected trait and wait tell he gets the wise trait it should take about a hundred worldbox years just use sonic speed in the debug menu .
11. place him in the candy biome and keep puting the blood rain down intel he gets the fat or other trait and then u got the achievement ! !
kirby seems to be a little less accurate than usual
love watching you play with his cum rubbing it into your skin 🥵
hey if i cant pm you pm me on discord im ooo 4618
i just want to chime in with how stupid of an argument his winrate shit is .
28 games with winning 19 puts his 95 confidence interval at .48 .84 which means pretty much nothing
willie randolph and graig nettles are two under the radar snubs to me .
each have above 65 bwar and the team accomplishments people cared about back then .
the kitsune are also enjoying their pastries in which they started wagging their tails after take a bite off the cakes or tarts .
lol when that blessed day happens i 'll comment back on this thread .
the mother did n't believe a word i said even with other teachers corroborating and said her son was the victim of bullying instead .
she argued the other kids pick on him not true and he has no friends yeah because he randomly hits kids and calls them degrading names .
are women actually fertile in their mid to late 40s ?
i thought this was possible only with ivf and advanced medicine .
what is a must-try item/items for my first visit ?
poor rendon now he can only play 35 games next year instead of 40
no but with the amount of drugs he used to do i severely doubt he retains the same intellectual capabilities that he did when he was younger
the bills were n't even supposed to be that good in 2020 .
in fact even though we sucked in 2019 the bills were one of our few wins lol
the gains of promoting your channel will probably outweigh you selling these games in the long run .
but i still think you can charge at least 1 for the amount of work you 've put into this .
i myself am constantly spending hours recording long form tutorials for my youtube channel that i just started .
honestly at this point i 'm half tempted to just take a kitchen torch to their sign instead .
i 'm starting to get tired of kindness and calm cool and collected debate getting us nowhere .
more importantly the traffic goes the other way in those squares .
but it looked better going the wrong direction for the movie .
also savannah horses are so well trained that they simply would n't walk the wrong way .
so they had to bring in horses from another city for the film
does the 4 port keymo jmac break still fit the sandman s ?
it does n't matter power to weight is only relevant around a track or when you can get traction .
either way i 've had a car with almost half the weight of that mini not much more than 400kg and 400bhp .
i can guarantee you it would n't have beaten a 911 turbo to 60 or even 100 for that matter on the roads .
that was my westfield that was covered in carbon panels and lightweight parts .
i 'm talking from experience not theorising over specs on paper .
power is n't much use when you ca n't apply it to the road .
why would you understand downvotes for that lol that 's such a stupid thing to downvote for .
this is n't even a linux sub really just kde
it ai n't hindsight when i knew he was n't going to come and yall were overreacting like when ppl were saying russ would work with bron and ad
i expect dishonesty cheating deceitful behavior and bad ethics .
i think mitch mcconnell would give a good face to this primitive organization .
the way puberty blockers are being used is somewhat different than how it 's bee used previously but both hrt and puberty blockers have been used for decades now .
there is at least preliminary evidence that in some cases it can be helpful .
i 've nearly been killed by medical professionals when i was younger not trans related so i understand being wary of them .
doctors are n't perfect even when they are following the rules .
you sound like you are just trying to do what 's best for your kids and you care about them which i applaud .
transition is n't a cure all but it 's also not as scary as you 're trying to make it here .
i 've known people who transitioned young and are thriving .
likewise i 've met people who transitioned as adults and detransitioned .
if your children were struggling with severe gender dysphoria it could be life saving for them as well .
it depends on a lot but to write it off is as unhelpful as people denying minors are getting hrt or top surgery to begin with .
that was a true throw back to what use to make the show so great .
tim drake realizes zatanna uses her first name as her not really secret superhero identity '' then becomes timothy .
just drink sleepytime extra tea has valerian root and sleep !
well no doubt we can expect conspiracy theories accusing both sides of being complicit .
nah i think hes a troll or is legitimately mentally ill and needs professional help .
i do n't get why people think the elite is a high skill gun .
sure it requires more skill than a car or an r97 but its still not on the level of softball or kraber .
the fact that you went through my post history to debunk what was clearly a shitpost is funny .
your submission karma is below 2 to prevent spam and negative posts we require your karma to be over 2 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/puffco if you have any questions or concerns .
its gotten worse than years back ... these kids their fathers wasnt as radical as them ... ..thier takfiring anybody thats criticizes them
i would definitely hunt or fish before i let myself starve
the genre is usually referred to as character action or stylish action .
heavy emphasis on combat mastery with a scoring system that reacts in real time where total mastery of mechanics allows players to show of their skills in elaborate combos .
the thing i love most about son ye jin announcing all her major personal life milestones on her insta is that i read her captions in her voice and you can just feel the joy and shyness and lightness .
celeb baby announcements do nothing for me typically but i 'm so thrilled for them !
it 's been such a journey watching their relationship evolve .
and you really think he good actually and do n't struggle more with the durability patch
also beta ! yuki you have successfully made caused me to make you my enemy for stealing my clothes ! ! !
that fact that he 's even still this good at 48 years old is insane .
there are wrestlers around his age that are well past their prime and embarrassing themselves in the ring while here edge is tearing the house down in classic matches and cutting epic promos all while he 's in better shape than most guys in their 20s .
how many wrestlers can you think of that reached their prime in their late 40s ?
do i need to constantly play the game to be in the community ?
was it put there by the town or city ?
if not move them hoes if safe for your truck or be a dick and drop them by the cones .
i was working the exterminator on saturday june 25 .
we were not closed all day but did have 2 back to back closures in the morning the second closure was to clean up guest illness on the ride and that took almost an hour but we were up and running again closer to 1-2pm or so if i recall correctly .
sorry about the timing though hopefully you have a better experience next time .
get in line for exterminator first or second right after steel curtain it 's not worth any line over an hour but it 's still a very fun spinning coaster !
campaign rallies are just as dirty and far more frequent .
q1 increasing queue times will reduce morale and kill the game
q2 pop per hex is determined by how many of the enemy team is also in that region which is why the queue will just empty all of a sudden its because of mass amount of the enemy is joining
q4 warden pop skyrocketed this war because we won war 92
it is and it is n't you can gather for you home you ca n't gather enough that impacts downstream communities
i 'm so sorry that you live in a country where that is even a question ...
i mean from a financial point of view if you can save a ton of money and treat something at home i get why questions like this are a thing .
just because it 's a plant does n't mean it should be legal .
that 's like saying why should n't kids be allowed to have guns guns have plastic in them .
frustrating downsides are more detrimental as downsides than stats downsides in terms of player experience .
first and foremost i think it 's important mention that they are just some ideas they are not real do n't worry about them too much .
a lot of them are designed with the design budget and level of power of the existing glasscannon hence the cons are noticeable across the board i just hope the quick maths i 've done for them are correct enough to provide good enough incentive slash power .
and the reason for them to reach the power level of glasscannon is because i found it ultimately more fun and interesting to have them possess unique and promient pros and cons versus having no or trivial con with slight benefits .
if we were to have some generic bonuses then the game could simply have a category of generic nameless cards .
in other words it would only create more possibilities and make more playstyles viable if most cards are uniquely powerful .
if one would have stacked enough cons to be bothered that much it just means they 've got that much power in their deck which is totally natural if not also necessary for the sake of gameplay balance .
further more 3-point designs are widely used to ensure a card would remain somewhat useful by still providing a useful/applicable pro when the card 's primary pro is n't being all that powerful in the current situation or that it 'd otherwise make the con too prominent and the pro relatively too weak to run that card in the first place .
for example the con on the new version of marathon runner '' after sprinting for at least 1 second next stamina regeneration begins 1s later .
seems bothersome but justified for the power extent its pro '' gain 3 1 move/sprint speed for every 0.5-second sprinted up to 30 20 '' could reach while not being a factor at all when one is n't sprinting which is the majority of time .
another example i would like to make is stunt roll its con '' but you will also gain 75 move speed and 35 sprint efficiency for 2s afterwards '' has to be this potent because its pro is really that powerful by allowing the user to dodge a tallboy slam with just 1 slot instead of having to invest at least 4 mobility cards .
plus some of them could negate the negative for running some of the others such as the new version of rhythmic breathing will allow one to still sprint even if they 're out of stam or constantly running of stam due toe the efficiency .
this is the single situation where a percentage makes sense .
has been in the making for a while now actually .
it 's not related to the bs happening in the us .
michela with chameleon climbed up 8 places from 22 to 14 while tamara only 5 from 12 to 7 .
not snes but yooka laylee and the impossible lair has a very dkc3 like overworld !
so are you really just asking offtopic questions to deflect from a conversation you could end up losing ?
reference should also be given for endocrinologist and a psych consult too .
forbidden door i feel would have been better had omega danielson punk mjf or samoa joe been on it .
yet i feel adam cole being in the 4 way was the worst part of the show .
felt like the guy ruined the iwgp main event ... aew fans have waited 3 years for the okada crossover ... and cole being in it felt like a fart in the room .
actually the one good thing about danielson being off the show was it lead to that amazing claudio/cesaro debut .
that match was one of the highlights for me as the chicago crowd was into every monent .
it is amazing how far shooter has come along since he became a meme in 2019 .
truly one of the quickest lions to become an ace .
i just wish shingo would have been in the all atlantic 4 way match against miro black and pac .
that connor guy looked like a random dark jobber .
tell me more about my country cause you are probably universal expert
please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/acvalhalla/about/wiki/rules and our faq https www.reddit.com/r/acvalhalla/about/wiki/index/faq .
please report this post if it violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/acvalhalla if you have any questions or concerns .
inside you i want my future family to be half asian .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanspromotions if you have any questions or concerns .
if you would like that sweet verified sexy flair which gets more attention from members then check out our verification process here .
https www.reddit.com/r/sexy/wiki/index/verification verified users are also automatically entered in the contest to have their photo in featured spot located in the sidebar about tab in the app .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexy if you have any questions or concerns .
sad attempt thinking that he got the win out out of the divorce settlement .
i wouldn't specify a number of digits when the storage is in bits as the conversion is messy .
if the user wants digits then they should use decimals .
it might not be popular but its still highly effective .
yes just put usa law lawn penalty '' in google .
omg i did n't notice ... i 'm so sryyyy pls forgive mee plsss i do n't want to be canceled plsss forgivee
edit this thread has created a new playlist for me
there 's some delay before your post is visible so just wait before trying to repost it .
be aware of scammers who contact you privately – legit editors will only comment publicly in this thread .
some editors will use a watermark to protect their work – if you choose their submission they will remove it .
once your request is solved remember to change your post 's flair and thank those who helped you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
omg they opened episode 1 to 10 as well ?
call it out for what it is an intrusive thought .
see how you could experience similar vibes in a safe enviroment like hanging out with people/friends without doing drugs in the evening listening to music and dancing ?
you dont have to go through addiction to show yourself that the people close to you would worry about you because they do .
couple of grim towns out there green and orange but junkies are pretty much confined to royal avenue in belfast
my luck is so bad with new 4 i need to know shes a 5 🙏🏻
i 'll do my best is all i can say .
i 've heard a lot about assetto corsa and how it 's even more of a sim than gt
biden claiming he has created the most jobs in history .
at least we all agree he is technically correct .
he also claims to have reduced the deficit more than anyone else in history .
seems like you 're mad at trump for screwing things up so bad .
maybe if republican presidents were synonymous with leaving a massive economic disaster the democratic numbers would n't look so good .
if biden is so effective at increasing oil production he should be able to do it more here .
but oil prices and gas prices are n't the same thing and it will take some time for increased oil production to translate into lower prices at the pump .
you are in a energy sub you should understand this
asking others to also increase production accelerates prices returning to normal and helps correct the supply/demand imbalance .
oil is traded globally and opec still has a massive influence on oil price .
do you really not understand the difference or are you being purposefully obtuse ?
there is something out there not far away from you .
save the world shows up as a game mode under the by epic category in the lobby selection thing .
it will likely be given when the july 's crew pack is .
i do think there 's a download but it 's not big it should just start downloading whenever you try to launch the game from the lobby .
will smith was reported to gain a total 50 million from aladdin upfront salary and recording new music for aladdin
hard to say whether it started before or after widespread in germany pretentiousness and patronizing towards poles .
the nature of a stick is that it has at least two ends .
no the psp doesnt care where it gets 5v from
he 'd be free to do that and if that is what he wants then he should pursue it it just wo n't be with me still in his life
you can create content from different tools but manually editing of the content is must .
what should be spoken so as to not exclude anyone ?
what you want is the freewheel version of the 750w 48v .
so if i was exposed 11 years ago what could i do now ?
ele é morador de rua deve curtir tomar uma .
da uma garrafa de pinga com laxante e pyridium moído .
vai se cagar inteiro e quando for mijar o remédio vai deixar a urina dele com cor de sangue .
não sei se resolve mas já dá um susto v
your submission was removed because you have not verified with the mod team .
please read here for steps on how to verify .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slimthick if you have any questions or concerns .
but i have n't got any jp from auto shop contracts
wait until someone in her social circle gets cancer while pregnant odds are pretty good of many people knowing someone who will deal with this .
many doctors are already turning pregnant cancer patients away because they ca n't afford to be held liable for damage to the fetus .
the incubator/mom can rot away from cancer but the fetus must be protected at all costs .
let 's see how this ghoul spins that decision-making process when the obvious solution is completely unavailable .
this is an automated message to remind you to please include a geographic location for any id requests as per the community rules r/insects/about/rules of the sub .
there are well over a million different species of bugs in the world and narrowing down a bug 's location will help iders to help you more quickly and correctly !
if you 've already included a geographical location or if this post is not an id request please ignore this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/insects if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely cute with a bit of sexy thrown in there🔥
everyone is just in so much of a rush .
and then you have the person that stops first at a 4 way stop and tries to wave you on .
like just follow the fucking rules of a 4 way stop and that shit is pretty efficient .
personally i think an enforcement on vehicle noise would be a very good start .
almost all of the shitty driving i see that is aggressive is someone in a loud vehicle .
straight piped diesels subie bros chopped hondas etc they all drive like douches half the time because they like the way their fucking car sounds .
the only place they belong is on a track .
diesels are the funniest because 99 of them have never towed a single thing .
and they sound like a damn jet engine but you look up and it 's going like 3mph .
i was rooting for her but seeing how bad a manager she is was very disappointing .
this i was kind of shocked at the price .
show subreddits are terrible the only one i actually like is r/twinpeaks .
it 's my favorite show but it 's the only great show i 've seen with a fan base that 's willing to admit it is n't perfect .
except that no one else 's plot thread had any bearing on that .
pretty sure they will just comes down to which skill
microsoft has more influence than you realize it can control the direction of the game to make it appeal more to investors and seeing how the game has been affected lately i might as well call them out on that as much as i can
can you say it one more time for the people in the back
what do you think those kids are worth ? !
most of these bills are pretty bad theres actual solutions but neither party is pushing for em .
anyone with any economics education will tell you that increasing spending during a period of record inflation is a fucking obscene idea .
these bills have good sounding ideas but most of em are bandaids that let the cut get even more infected .
spend resources on baby formula or reform the regulations that make it illegal to import it under and other circumstances ?
oil and gas price gouging regulations that most of the time lead to shortages and even more issues but sound good or creating incentives for oil production ?
these arent real solutions and just make it harder to actually tackle the real root issues at a later date as there is nothing more permanent than a temporary solution
i have an extra one before the start of summer .
they tend to last about two summer seasons and then break down .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
you 'd have read the data completely correctly and you 'd be wrong for a few big reasons
medical justifications are different compared to many american states .
the mother 's life does n't need to be in danger and in many countries if the pregnancy is causing you mental distress it is sufficient reason
in america doctor 's appointments cost money and abortion clinics are by design too few and far between to ensure adequate coverage in many states .
a lot actually goes on beyond a single number when it comes to actually being able to abort and receive support and counsel .
i 'm a bot that detects shadowbans and removed comments/submissions .
vaise to pune nagpur nashik kolhapur sangli etc vale bhi nahi hote .
i just love how flowy his moveset feels hands down my favorite character .
shitty scenario for floridians idk if in mn as it relates to roofs if insurance companies push their weight around as much .
work some magic and get the cooch 's fastball back on track .
also ashes and fire and flame by the longest johns .
maybe poor michael as well feels like it 'd fit .
i mean i 'd love to see more videos and conversations like this where the people with mics/megaphones are actually giving people the opportunity to speak and have a debate .
they did n't make as many seasons with the british one though did they ?
yes pennys character was a bit love/hate for me at times ...
tell him to find someone his own age and then you find someone better .
unless if you 're very privileged it 's not really tolerable here .
i would love to live in a country where i can be more free .
ideally we would become that country but it 's not likely
yes a woman 's uterus should not be up to a vote by your neighbors and neither should a lgbt person 's marriage to another consenting adult of any gender just like no one can put up to a vote what a man does with his reproductive organ in the bedroom or a hetero person 's marriage to another consenting adult .
tough one to pick but i think shantel would know how to spite her husband after years of neglect
anything you 've ever typed or said into discord is recorded analyzed and stored with state of the art surveillance tech .
yeah they soon are gon na require you a subscription for moving your mouse like wtf
while you got a forward who 's allergic to scoring
a player that spurs were twerking for the whole transfer window ...
just because he found a prostitute does n't mean rape was shown in the anime .
do some cross-training with your coworkers or job shadow someone in a different department to learn more about the company
1 never said you were the bad guy 2 thats not racist thats just a thought .
people only like her cuz shes one out of two people who were african american and a woman to win not because she played a good game is what i was saying .
tourettes guy is a character he played in an old internet video series .
been driving for a little over two weeks now and i do n't regret it one bit
seems to have a bigger brain than the fucking cop ... 😂
yeah that 's a lot of drugs for someone who only does them 1/2 times a year .
drugs are a give and a take and they 're taking rn
atleast i would n't have to worry about it coming loose and hitting me in a sensitive place like this has or have the feeling of it spreading my forearms apart and the club coming out of my hands .
people think i 'm not liking the drill or the method when it 's this specific product i 'm referring too .
if people have only used the inflatables and not this they really have no room to say anything .
there are some experts who can definitely help him but it will be dependent on his case and complexity .
no ga has to line up unless you have a prestige ticket or staying in a suite .
this is how it 's been for every kcon at crypto arena .
if i could step on a cockroach every time i needed to heal myself i would n't worry one bit .
well i hope however it ends up you two are happy
if you want my advice once you 're sure that 's how you feel do n't bottle the emotions longer than you need to .
better to risk losing what you have in one fell swoop than hide your feelings and watch the friendship slowly rot .
a virus ca n't steal crypto off your ledger if it where that easy when ledger got hacked the scammers would 've sent ledger 's with trojan 's .
instead it made you install a program which asked for your seed phrase and incompetent people did that losing everything .
if someone cements a newborn to my chest while i am unconscious am i morally in the right to cut through the baby to get it off me ?
mind you the cement will loosen in 9 months and i am in no real danger aside from the original cementing .
i am all for bodily autonomy but that does n't supercede a persons right to life .
i play to loose all the time at least that 's what i am sticking with .
1 striking down roe has the only purpose of making it possible to make abortion illegal .
2 many states have trigger laws which went into effect immediately upon roe v. wade being struck down and others had laws still on the books from before roe that made abortion illegal and were never removed .
thus with roe being struck down abortion became illegal in large parts of the us .
in case of panic just start dumping you mag . ''
hey bro so i got this baseball team that 's 11u .
i do n't care if he has n't played i want that speed .
ca n't coach it those are the intangibles that we dream of .
we 're pretty competitive i 'll see what we can do for relocation .
for real tho do n't waste it find a way to put it to use the kid has wheels !
i personally recommend a youtuber called mr ballen he also has podcasts if you 'd like anyways he makes videos about strange dark and mysterious and he delivers them in story format the stories he chooses are very interesting and can be scary .
i think they all have the same plastic surgeon .
french fries do n't fall from the sky you better go back to school and pay attention ffs
but do you think maybe i should be over it by now ?
it 's been a year and i 'm still super mad about it but i feel so guilty seeing my mom so upset about this
and this is barely two weeks into a very long off-season !
exactly i do n't know when wokes will understand that shit like this where being gay is the one and only personality trait a character has only works to hurt our movement rather than empower us
you should jump in his lap and shove your tongue down his throat .
thousands of hours of armoring yourself to maintain your privacy just went down the drain .
i 'm about to throw in the towel here 😠
she has always insisted even when the doctors denied it that her kid was having seizures .
very recently she was in the comments speaking on it .
i guess since seizures do n't fit her travel narrative she created this crap
just because you know the road does n't mean you can ignore rules as you please .
quotes you hear bad drivers say before they get in an accident .
why did it take me till right now that spongebob should have known what the hooks are and what they look like because he has one on his wall
i 'm also looking for different coloured minior any that is n't green
but nazi is nazi when you are working for the worst madman in history .
keeping you and baby in my thoughts and sending loads of good vibes .
since when is cis not emea lol and u do know there are a tournaments and not just majors right ?
look whos 2nd and 3rd ... as i said emea is overall placed better
i love ghost of tsushima horizon zd and fw spiderman etc but please do n't think they do n't have bullshit repetitive missions .
747 's already have more credibility with its 4 engines and some have been fitted with flares and defence mechanisms something that a 777 as far as i 'm aware of does n't have .
and how could u diss the queen of skies ?
my definition came from oxford languages and from unicef .
where did you find the definition that says that you are a child only after being born ?
hide ya kids hide ya wife and hide ya husband too cuz they rappin ' everyone out here .
this is also his only post no comments and on reddit for 1 day .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
in realtà si può fare dai 21k in su e no non diventi ricco ma non devi neanche vivere da barbone e poi ho suggerito 10 anni quindi dipende quando inizi ...
just absolutely well written and something i could actually see happening post epilogue .
has scorpius/rose as well badass ministry hermione and a swoon worthy draco and scorp lol .
i can not recommend this story and the author enough !
i always have a soft spot for a diy wear .
i definitely think the chats and communities of most minecraft creators are the worst part of the streams or comment sections but i 've learnt not to check the chat tommy still says or does a few things i find cringe but that 's just my opinion .
i still feel like if he went back to streaming like he used almost everyday that i 'd watch pretty every stream but his videos are n't particularly appealing to me anymore idky .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectbody if you have any questions or concerns .
7 month but working slowly some evenings and weekends when there was no wind or waves i had just basic woodworking skills and still do but i made quite a few surfboards before so epoxy was not unknown territory .
jeg kan trøste dig med at din tekst er fejlfri god bedring !
this is the fundamental difference between a game like clash of clans and msf .
a game like clash of clans is designed for players to enjoy the gameplay .
imagine each clash raid you earn 2 orbs and it 's random how much loot is in those orbs lol .
literally nothing in clash of clans requires all 50 players in a clan to do something war raids the monthly event etc .
msf is made as a casino app with marvel label slapped over it .
why it 's successful is because the game is lucky to have good gameplay mechanics and graphics .
basically all other aspects of it random orbs daily raids raid keys raid lanes no double back the seemingly innocuous game designs is made to mine the players ' log in frequency and time .
so i guess it might even be unfair to compare msf to a normal game because it 's not a normal game it 's a random crapshoot with overbearing requirements that gets you addicted with unlocking an ever increasing pool of well designed characters and their combat mechanics then make you pay more and more .
how would one defend this argument when countered that the church itself uses their history to proof their legitimacy ?
like the papal lineage for example especially when there were some horrible people in that lineage .
also in a lot of instances the institution committing these horrible crimes has been dissolved rather than lived on to claim moral superiority .
i do n't think it is fair to hate protestants for that hateful act just like i hope this guys das does n't hate christians themselves but rather the institution that is the catholic church .
yeah it 's extremely complicated and seems to differ from one relationship to the other perhaps different levels of love or perhaps one is not even real love hard to say i have no idea .
ok yeah you definitely need to see a psychologist .
please get some help and look at the resources others have posted here .
the rent of the land therefore considered as the price paid for the use of the land is naturally a monopoly price .
it is not at all proportioned to what the landlord may have laid out upon the improvement of the land or to what he can afford to take but to what the farmer can afford to give.
as soon as the land of any country has all become private property the landlords like all other men love to reap where they never sowed and demand a rent even for its natural produce . ''
the landlord leaves the worker with the smallest share with which the tenant can content himself without being a loser and the landlord seldom means to leave him any more . ''
the landlord demands a rent even for unimproved land and the supposed interest or profit upon the expense of improvement is generally an addition to this original rent .
those improvements besides are not always made by the stock of the landlord but sometimes by that of the tenant .
when the lease comes to be renewed however the landlord commonly demands the same augmentation of rent as if they had been all made by his own.
rent considered as the price paid for the use of land is naturally the highest which the tenant can afford to pay in the actual circumstances .
in adjusting the lease the landlord endeavours to leave him no greater share of the produce than what is sufficient to keep up the stock ''
landlords are the only one of the three orders whose revenue costs them neither labour nor care but comes to them as it were of its own accord and independent of any plan or project of their own .
that indolence which is the natural effect of the ease and security of their situation renders them too often not only ignorant but incapable of that application of mind ''
the landlord however whose estate is bounded by a kelp shore of this kind demands a rent for it ''
every improvement in the circumstances of the society tends ... to raise the real rent of land . ''
they were some heavy fighting between nazis and resistance groups .
this is a reminder to please read and follow the rules of the subreddit or risk a permanent ban .
please do not include any posts that may reference infer or just outright state anything that is banned .
if you come across something that is breaking the rules please report it to the mods and it will be dealt with accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wickrfinder if you have any questions or concerns .
our school warms up prepackaged grilled cheese to students ... like the cheapest thing to make !
i figured because it seems like it is common to request kicks on na but you never ever really see a kick on jp .
patience is probably not a good idea here but yes we would more likely disband or leave if wipes actually happen .
as i play mostly warrior on pvp and open world i guess my damage in pvp get buffed ?
i have serious doubts about the watch on this image the original crown looks different from the side
also the case is polished very badly and the lugs look much different from what they 're supposed to most likely it 's been handled by a watchmaker who has no clue about its original geometry
the doctor is doing you a favour an ounce a week is just rediculous do you not have a job ?
anyway cut down and get on the medical it 's way stronger and more consistent than street rubbish
random question why is she meltlilith in some places and meltryllis in others ?
i want that and with more people if it 's possible🤤😍
listen to the original version 90 of the versions uploaded are low quality
this would traditionally be drained and paved over in a city
i disagree that carrying a pregnancy and birthing a child sometimes requiring surgery all while risking your life is doing nothing it is similar in kind to a live organ transplant .
i do n't watch his stuff but i watched a review video and apparently the vegan community is pretty harsh and was criticizing him for not doing enough .
so he stopped being vegan had a few meat eating videos and it exploded from there .
mukbang videos became popular and he got on board and the rest is history .
your sick of what this country was literally founded on ?
for me you look much better with the style of the second photo
i have read the manga many times but if i was going to start from scratch i would start with sailor v first or even read it after the dark kingdom saga .
however if they are truly pushing back on this i can not see this relationship lasting so be prepared to end it .
i bought a tiny craftsman one for 3 it 's been very useful
i think it 's more position and agency dependant .
also without going into detail this was a new office being started as opposed to say an existing position replacing bill from accounting .
also ca n't get any mexican food tex-mex chili or barbecue worth a damn .
unless there 's another one i worked with her too .
it originally came from landing at another field and she got out and made a puddle before taking back off
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
so i 19f am currently living with my mom and little sister .
my parents got divorced a year ago and it was a pretty shitty process .
with a lot of discussion and putting the kids in the middle of it .
and now they kinda of get a long but i develop a severe fear for when they are together .
i basically keep waiting for them to fight again .
which happens every now and then when they 're spend more than a day together
i was able to finish high school and get a job .
now i 'm working a full time job and i 'm also in college .
i 'm turning 20 next month and really wanted to go somewhere for the weekend to celebrate .
my mom found us a hotel not so far from the city that we live and said it was a great idea to call my dad .
i said sure since i 'm very impulsive when get excited about something .
and we will not pay for nothing since its month way from now .
but today i told her that i do n't feel like spending my birthday with the anxiety that they both cause me when together .
she asked me if they ever did me wrong while growing up and said to cancel and now is giving me shoulders .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
how many accounts do you need to get banned to shut your child mouth ?
she was supposed to pour one on the ground for the homies nit take the shot for every name
i would n't be caught dead in any of these outfits but i love it for her !
no you 're not by saying that all pastors and priests are rich scumbags you have pre judges them before they can do anything about it
you have not been harmed by every pastor and priest in existence
i 've never understood the whole let 's ban abortions to punish women for having premarital sex '' thing .
why do these people go off about how a fetus is sacred and 'a blessing ' while also turning around and saying oh well you deserve to be punished with a baby because you had premarital sex . ''
is a baby an 'innocent unborn life worth saving ' or is it a punishment ?
honestly i can see it going either way in the future i ok with that for now .
i 'm curious to see what steve's/harrison 's storyline will be when moving to days after bs2 ends .
technically it could be about something entirely new but i 'm hoping it comes back around full circle to his first love eve that we get kassie back !
no you diagnose babies with dwarfism because they 're born that way .
mike gen 2 pure shock reaction and barge outside possibly switching to chester on the way outside .
ella gen 3 a shocked blushing mess that would cover her eyes and try to get out while saying sorry .
crimson gen 4 completely unphased and proceed to do what she was going to anyway .
to be fair i do n't really know what could possibly perturb her or ennui for that matter .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
when i was apartment hunting a year and a half ago i 'm not sure i saw a single charger setup in any of the lots .
grocery/big box stores should have 20 level 2 chargers out front .
business parks should be incentivized to make at least level 1 charging available for their employees it would be a nice job perk ! .
we should start incrementally converting gas stations into level 3 charging stations and/or hybrid setups .
the only thing i take right now is zoloft .
it 's in your best interests to unload them now .
and for the love of all things holy do n't use air fresheners snd plug ins ever .
they stink and can be toxic do n't get yourself into this mess again .
60 of ut state legislature lobbying comes from outdoor advertising companies .
i looked up their funding sources once because of some other weird thing i ca n't remember now .
and it was staggering to see this volume of campaign donations for this industry
do n't you mean she does n't want to hear from the pleasant people .
when he had time away from sexually harassing megan ganz one of the most prolific writers out there .
he is the reason she left to write for modern family .
losing is fun is far from the edge it is only 220 of normal strive to survive that can be customized to 500 threat scale .
especially mods that improve bionics weapons armors turrets or defenses are all junk .
some mods add more storytellers zombies more mechanoid and insectoid kinds .
however again ... termite by 1.3 base game has been best improvement that i 've seen in last 3 years .
kaep missed reads that your average madden player could make .
the one change i want to make for my intake sponge is i want to add a u bar to my intake so that i can just pull the intake sponge straight up to get it off instead of having to get a bag under it .
took a chance on a rookie only giving up a useless player
signed bullock on mle and thj on a team friendly deal not his fault thj down year into injury
he handled pretty much everything amazingly except giving brunson the extension
oh i was just saying it looks like a narwhal .
im about halfway through and unless there 's some twist it just feels like an ordinary fantasy story .
im not defending the couple or taking a stance but ...
as a foster parent i can say most kids in care are not viable for adoption for many reasons .
likewise the cost to adopt is astronomical unless you take the 1 year plus time it takes to get licensed .
even then you are not guaranteed a child will be eligible for adoption .
i know of way too many stories of people who were minutes away from adoption only to have a judge reverse course .
its heartbreaking even if it 's what may have been the right thing to do .
tldr the number of kids in foster care does not correlate to the ability to adopt said children .
you dumped him it 's your job to reach out while he suffers .
im beating the shit out of watson if i had the chance she is evil and annoying as hell she only craves attentions and is easily jealous my heart is full of only hate for wattson
wanted to grab one one thing led to another i missed out .
i have a sealed not psych lp i can trade or pay cash .
when i was a teenager i ran away during a full moon and my father would n't shut up about the mystical influence of the moon for a long time afterwards .
i think it was just his way of trying to come up with something to blame that was n't his fault .
i had tried to run away before and had a few other troubles but those did n't coincide with full moons so my parents had to come up with someone else to blame like the bad influence of other kids at school or things on tv .
i sleep well when there is a full moon .
i certainly believe awareness of your awareness is separate from base-awareness .
my favorite example is when you are sick and start creating white blood cells are you consciously doing so ?
if your body was n't conscious of an infection it would n't be able to know when an infection has made its way through .
now are you conscious^2 of this infection breaking in ?
you only become conscious^2 when symptoms have surfaced and you 're like oh i 've had an infection break in .
thankfully i was aware this whole time and have launched my defenses already !
nije to zrelost nego naviknutost na primitivizam i bullying mačo kulturu .
it 's weird to see two employees of cd go out of their way to publicly say this guy is full of shit on the same day he proved his information was correct .
if he 's a nobody who is lucky guesser why bother giving him any bandwidth or attention ?
you and brian both calling him out only seems to give him more credibility as you 're spotlighting him .
so you both call him out ... then you say yea but whatever we do n't even really care because we are n't even trying to find out who is releasing our shit before we are ready '' which makes it seem like it is indeed ... an issue .
authorized leaks are one of those myths that do n't really happen because no one has time to play eleven dimensional chess about update announcements
maybe your team found the time to play 11 dimensional chess after all and are now setting him up with fake information .
regardless of whatever is going on to re-iterate yes it is fucking weird to see you guys publicly mock him on the day of his metaphorical victory lap .
we do n't even have a strong enough cuss word at this point for me to express how i feel .
i understand how it used to be that having a test to be in government would be elitist but come on there needs to be some basic understanding of how and why our system was designed the way it was 😳
it always shocks me how bad liberals are at math .
i guess that 's the reason why our economy is the way it is
it 's the end of the world as we know it and i feel meh whatever .
we are getting our submitters verified and we have determined
https old.reddit.com/r/ddnoap/wiki/verify if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact ddnoap .
for other great subs check out the asian network !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/busty if you have any questions or concerns .
r/onlyfansbigbeauties is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansbigbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
die to a keming problem i misread that as on your burn and once i 'd adjusted my glasses i was like yeah that 's much worse .
this is a pretty common opinion in the us especially on apps with teens you adults and many college students .
oh yeah it was like that when i bought the car a couple of years back .
i wonder if covid put a damper on any battle backs in the foreseeable future
not really true generally you either go with freeze/chill immunity or cb/bleed immunity and cover the other one with pantheon .
unless you are a build that runs ailment immunity on gear purity of elements or has room for arctic armour you are going to use one or the other .
but it is super common for people to have armour/resists generally only with melding otherwise just get resists the normal way bleed or freeze immunity/stat relevant to them crit leech cast speed atk speed etc .
doubt it if u really like that and getting money this sub will find out .
a lot of insider information not everyone on here a green bean .
i felt the same way and dropped it for a time around ch 180 .
it becomes more serious and interesting again around ch 250 or so .
much less slice of life and faster paced around ch 300 ... but yeah i loved the first 30 chapters then was like wtf for the next 200 and now i enjoy it again so 🤷‍♂️
just looking for as much information as possible before i start
godamn i just laughed before i even saw the bottom text
you have all your shipmates past and present here who are here for you from everywhere .
we have your back with whatever you need help with and need someone to talk to
look no further ma'am a position just became availble right here !
i recall people being arrested for taking candy as they passed by loose candy when the bay had a candy dept .
i want to give you a hug so bad just please also i love your character very much and it 's very good looking 2/22/2000|20|she 's a god me|red|grass and meat|los|aggressive||1|1|1|4|1|1|55|0|1|1|1|1|289|23|44|0|0|68|68|1|1|0|9|1|0|128|124|79|0|61|153|122|151|105|11|86|86|22|22|3|129|91|91|0|60|0|0|39|39|0|0|0|60|60|95|0|0|0|0|1|1|0|1|1|1|0|0|1|1|1|1|1|1|2|1|1|1|1|1|1|0|0|0|6|0|4|1|0|1|1|1|1|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|11|11|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|4|5|0|0|30|1|1|0|0|-48|1|1|0|-18|0|4|4|345|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|4|2|18|1|0|1|1|0|11|11|297|24|16|1|6|30|1|1|12|28|1|1|0|0|1|1|1|0|0|1|1|0|0|1|1|0|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|1|0|0|1|1|0|1|0|0|0|1|1|0|0|1|1|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|1|1|1|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|ffe2d4|8a624f|ffffff|3a1f17|ffffff|ff760b|351100|ff760b|c6b4a3|382b23|c6b4a3|ffffff|3a1f17|ffffff|ffffff|3a1f17|ffffff|b15482|020202|ffffff|ffffff|27170f|ffffff|ffffff|27170f|a17261|3a1f17|04f50d|04f50d|8a624f|020202|8a624f|020202|191919|020202|ececec|d94a05|ff760b|bbd4ff|bb9178|020202|ff93bc|ff760b|020202|ffffff|ff8383|8589ff|ffc2c2|020202|ff8383|020202|ffffff|ffffff|020202|8aaeff|d4c6bc|352e2b|d4c6bc|eee9ff|020202|ff760b|fff087|020202|ffffff|bb9178|020202|ffffff|020202|020202|ff760b|bb9178|3a1f17|bb9178|aaa7cb|020202|eee9ff|aaa7cb|020202|eee9ff|bb9178|3a1f17|8589ff|bb9178|3a1f17|8589ff|3d3e62|020202|3d3e62|3d3e62|020202|3d3e62|191919|020202|b4bfcd|020202|020202|020202|ffffff|020202|aaa7cb|ffffff|020202|aaa7cb|f7ccb7|020202|8efbff|f7ccb7|020202|8efbff|ffffff|020202|ffffff|ffffff|020202|bf0000|4638ff|020202|bcbbff|8589ff|020202|ffffff|a487ff|020202|8aaeff|ffffff|020202|fff7c2|ffffff|020202|fff7c2|ff760b|020202|020202|ff3f3f|020202|ffffff|ff3f3f|020202|ffffff|ff3f3f|020202|191919|9f0000|020202|ffffff|9f0000|020202|ffffff|aaa7cb|020202|b4bfcd|aaa7cb|020202|b4bfcd|020202|91ffb9|020202|ffffff|020202|ffffff|020202|020202|020202|020202|020202|020202
not all the doctors agree on the vaccine so .
you can choose who you believe and i can choose who i believe .
my imports from them have been hit or miss in terms of plant root health i recommend treating everything as a rehab plant removing any roots that look remotely suspicious .
i 've had better luck importing consistently healthy plants from tropicals plants of south america but their website is slightly less easy to use pay for .
i have the same problem im so confused why do you have to pay alot of money but go throught the hassle of downloading software to make it sound good
if he declines and wants to pay for the whole dinner let him .
as a male i generally initiate the date and ask the woman out .
i expect that if i am the one doing the asking i am the one doing the paying .
if we go on a couple dates i still do n't mind paying .
as a man for me offering to pay from the woman is enough for me .
it shows respect and that you came into the date fully prepared to pay for your own meal .
it also implies that you do n't expect us to pay and that you are appreciative of the meal .
i was just saying this not too long ago .
i lost my sibling 2 years ago under similar circumstances and it really is like losing part of yourself .
for me we were so close in age we ran in the same circles so we had so many shared memories and experiences .
i 'm at the point that i do n't cry anymore when i think of my sibling but now it only makes me sad .
i also still harbor a bit of anger towards them for what they put my family through as well as the fact or at least in my opinion it could have been avoided .
yet i am also disappointed in myself because know i should forgive my sibling but i 'm not quite there yet .
jeeps trees keep and trees ... rocks using climbing gear .
for a 5900x anything that will allow you to put a 92mm intake fan on the back is the best .
the pa120 is easily the largest heatsink that can fit with the tp glass side panel but it 's only 3-5 degrees better than the fuma 2 .
and that honestly could have more to do with a 92mm fan blowing fresh air in .
thank you the ideas mentioned would actually be beneficial in addition to promoting the role of pharmacists in an active vital role .
i know many states allowed for a pharmacist led clinic oriented '' role to treat minor issues and emergency refills but many of those were just chain retail groups looking to add to their bottom line .
even though it was described clinically it was just like doing flu shots '' except with more paper work and it seems like there are enough pa 's and np 's in those slots and pharmacists seem to be sought only if it will be at no charge for service time or staff .
this would have been an good deal before the pa/np growth and influx and now unless we 're a lower cost option it seems like a no-go ... but who knows ? maybe it would work out someday ?
of course thats just a cop doing his job but everyone wants to talk shit like ooahahahha fuck a cop is doing something
that 's what i went with and that 's one of the random switches/toggles that i have no idea wtf they do .
so i just pressed pure direct '' and threw on a record .
to counter what others have said i booked 2 international flights economy using delta points in the last few months and have felt like i got over 1 cent per point .
but round trip seattle to mexico city for 43k and seattle to bogata for 45k points .
granted i booked these flights in march for july and august flights so your mileage may vary but in general i 've been very happy with delta redemptions .
imagine a mall and the shining had a baby .
i have ocd so i know exactly how you feel .
honestly when it comes to ndes the majority of people do n't know what they 're talking about .
they find one reason it could happen even if that reason is flawed and they 'll go with it .
if you want to actually learn about ndes and afterlife stuff it 's best to learn from people like bruce greyson and raymond moody .
both have studied ndes for a very long time so they know more than the average redditor .
r/nde also has some good info on ndes too .
unfortunately your post was removed as it violates our rules
rule 4 no recent or common reposts frequent reposts or those from last 60 days or top 50 posts of all time will be removed .
moderators reserve the right to remove any posts they feel has been reposted too often outside of these guidelines .
if you have questions or concerns please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/absoluteunits subject message .
he 's one of the most respected guys in the league he would seem this way regardless of the team he went to .
he really is one of those guys who brings those intangibles to the clubhouse .
who tf gets out of a shower wearing a towel
i 'd be on your side if you did n't say a slur multiple times
i just replayed haunted mansion today for the first time in i think 15 years .
ok maybe not the only one but as others have said it 's mostly just different ways to organise your thoughts about the chaos of playing with swords .
fencing is fencing and good fencing will be good no matter the system it 's all just length and measure after all
i did a similar thing if you run straight towards eliajah before he enters he speaks to you through the shield .
then when he enters the shield pushes you away but if you continue to walk forward the push ragdols you through the shield .
time to have a serious talk to him especially since you said it 's now a life time vow .
i know marriage is n't all just about sexual intimacy however it is a part and for him to make such a commitment without consulting you is really insulting .
the least he could of done was inform you prior to all this and you 's could work out what would be the future for yous too .
if you chose not to continue in the marriage then he should be making divorce easy for you .
really i wonder why he remains to be married when he chose this type of lifestyle does he just want a maid ?
and if you decided you wanted a child then what ?
i know everyone does n't want kids but if on the odd chance you did
and yet to be honest just because he is n't abusing and such does n't mean it 's not a good enough excuse to get a divorce how many men divorce women for lack of sex even if the wife actually had medical reasons for not being able to perform .
its perfectly acceptable to get divorced on these grounds .
that 's a great idea unfortunately the cement has been poured .
it used to be one of my favorite podcasts until i started losing weight and actually researching how to do it .
there are still sone mostly good episodes but the one about calories on menus was just garbage .
like i did n't even understand what their issue with it was .
their main point seemed to be that it 's ineffective .
ok but for me and people in similar situations it 's extremely helpful .
you think this is bad head over to r/ak47 and about riley rak
even if we somehow are not in a recession officially tomorrow we will most certainly still have shit pce which will definitely show up in earnings in just a couple weeks as well .
weighing something that does n't exist but might against something that does is not something most people do well .
because if they do n't the people will eventually do something about it .
asking the state to make that call in a decision space as complex as abortion is using a hammer when a word is required .
hammering a word is n't what people need what they need to see is what they could get out of things .
if they think they 're favoring a side of humanity they 're also neglecting a side that has n't even existed yet or held any significant value than those who did .
we need a better definition of what precisely is meant by experience and how that is created by the developing brain .
manipulating what a human is '' is n't really a good solution .
alot of studies conflict with each other that 's why people argue about that shit .
if it 's experience-based to be human to have a developed brain does that mean we 're also allowed to kill babies who are two months old that do not have experience ?
they have to understand what it gives for everyone and them as well .
people do not need to weight experts need to communicate the good it can do them as well .
when cases of negativity rises awareness needs to be spread so that they can be taken out of position .
data will never lie if their poor decision-making affected people negatively .
there 's no future for a couple of years .
if that happens i can see ad wanting to leave as well or they will just trade him to get picks .
other than that i do n't think any legit star is coming there .
they 're going to have to build through the draft and it 's going to take them a while to get back to the top of the west .
i went to college in new york city and i definitely remember lighting more than one jewish person 's cigarettes with their lighter because they could n't use that implement on the sabbath .
yeah i agree on the first and second definitely .
as a kid i found the politics so incredibly boring obviously but now they 're pretty interesting
well if my quick google search is to be believed the top three best selling are all trucks '' with the rav4 being in fourth .
i think it 's best way to rate a band like opeth .
they are all doing a boatload of acting for producers this season
i had a cervical biopsy before i had the ablation/ligation to be sure it was n't the source of my problems and it was very very painful .
i have heard that iud insertion is similarly painful .
my daughter has the birth control implant and the side effects for her have been terrible .
she wants to have children some day and is scared of the pain of iud insertion so nexplanon it is .
this is not what an arranged marriage is ! !
everyone that i know of who has or would want to get an arranged marriage would n't go to a third world country or marry a homeless woman just to get someone desperate enough to want them !
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
the minorities at risk project mar puts the scots at lowest possible level for potential ethnic violence .
this is important because it indicates at least in part that we should n't expect violence in the case of a narrow loss .
the democratic acceptance of the result was also the case in québec .
although québec briefly had a terrorist organization kidnap a british trade commissioner and execute a cabinet minister in 1970 and blow up the stock exchange in 1960 the 1980 referendum which failed 60-40 was accepted and the 1995 referendum which failed by 65,000 votes was accepted .
scotland unlike say the basque country has no history of violence .
i do n't see any violence coming from the scots if they narrowly lose and i do n't necessarily see any violence from the unionists if the yes side narrowly wins .
i think the unionists will be 100 resentful and try to stop it through westminster but i do n't see it descending into the troubles .
racism is racism and it 's an intentional decision .
you describing it as such adds to the problem .
you 've lost the willpower how about you summon the willpower to get some bitches .
coconut oil can be super comedogenic for a lot of people and tea tree oil should always be formulated in a skin care item vs on its own since it can be highly irritating .
jojoba oil is a good oil for the face if you 're dead set on using the tt .
3 tsp is a lot of oil to apply to the face btw .
i dunno that sounds like some pretty tone deaf humor if it was an attempt at it .
sounds like you made the right move in gtfo of there
the majority of it is stated in the games books etc
they might not actually want to buy something even if their advice is sound .
one idea is to either have a promising niche of people and focus on building a product they want or have a promising product and focus on finding find the small niche of people that need this product .
and try to spend some serious thought on how you can learn and test these things with the least amount of wasted effort .
optimizing your weg page is needed but maybe your target demographic would rather buy it on facebook marketplace ?
i would start by trying to learn something from the people who visited your page .
have you spoken to any of the people who visited your page from the ads you run ?
i think we all do that but thanks for the tip
or fix the courts and take guns out of civilians hands .
any other suicide option he would have still been alive when the police arrived or he would n't have gone through with it at all
he 's worth more than before because microsoft 's market capitalization increased from 200 billion to 2 trillion since 2014 and the rate of the stock price increase outstripped how much he has donated which is absolutel a ton .
you are a fraud and he article is also misleading the giving pledge has always been after the 40 estate tax upon death not before it .
probably because you dwell with people who do n't like them .
this is the same as any windows laptop advertising geforce now or even steam .
just leave work with everything set up for the next day and be sure to get up early enough for caffeine .
if they change it that 's admitting it was an issue most people do n't make the association and the design is fine so if they did change it it 'd bring a lot of negative attention to the previous design .
do n't think we talk about it much since he 's been more good than bad throughout his career but jake is one of the streakiest hitters i can remember on this team .
pretty sure he now has multiple 20 at-bat stretches without a hit this year alone .
and this is after he was quite hot and cold last year and as a rookie in 2020
i have gone back and forth between sp and sx but i think sp first is right .
funnily enough i used to think i was 4w5 that 's like the best version of me in a way but i 'd only like to see myself that way full-time .
what you describe as ideal is making me want to stick it out for the light at the end of the tunnel because it 's basically describing my recent promotion .
my workload is independent except that i need to make sure other people are doing everything they need to be doing full liberty on how i do that but i also get to travel and liase with clients and stuff and relationship manage .
maybe i just need to stick it out a little longer cuz i 'm still also transitioning from my old role which was a terrible fit for me and having 8 weeks of hosting relatives at home so there has been no recharge time .
how much more does the pump have to work to push it through the extra pipe ?
how are you maintaining the compost without damaging the waterline ?
does the enterchange extract too much thermal energy from the compost ?
are you using a jockey pump to drive the water to and from the compost or your main pump ?
i swear i have to explain to to my it team every few months .
stop hooking up every little event to the pager system !
it is but it 's a life time offer once you do it god and satan will be in front of you
gon na eat 2 safety donuts in the morning to assure myself that this hobby is n't an option .
i plan on cutting the drywall away for access and reapplying it later or in post '' as i refer to the holes i make and plan to mud .
i 'll be able to access the 1 '' knockout from the back in that case and manipulate the cable with extra swearing .
but i guess is it okay to drill a 1 '' hole at a 45 degree angle through the stud to get to the main panel ?
but ca n't find any info about drilling through on an angle
to be fair it is imperialist-supremacy to be blamed and a very large portion of african-americans are complicit in perpetuating imperialist-supremacy .
the label of white '' supremacy while not entirely false leads to the later shitty assumptions that african-americans are not literally the most white-adjacent population in the us .
in actuality african-americans are in fact the most white-adjacent of the colored peoples while asian-americans middle-easterners etc .
are completely and utterly divorced from if not opposed to white '' supremacy .
i have been told that the ‘characters ' in under the banner of heaven tv show are total figments of an exmo 's ax to grind against the church .
that no lds historian or scholar could recognize our people in the show .
she got this so wrong i have to wonder if she even read it .
she has to see the irony in what she got wrong .
considering the ruling and how it is laid out .
volunteer to do online tutoring if you have decent grades
yet another distraction in the ridiculous culture wars that are pervasive in lebanon 's despotic republic .
meanwhile the regime continues to split up the pie and it 's business as usual because the elections were purposefully polarized between lf and hezb weapons and people fell for it .
she said once that someone pissed in her mouth and she enjoyed it
because the ‘universal ' standard for hot does n't indicate sexual attraction or compatibility .
people who get married to someone just because they are ‘hot ' are n't setting themselves up for a successful relationship .
my partner is the sexist man in the world to me .
the smell of his skin his touch makes me feel like a wild fucking animal .
other people probably think he looks like a gremlin .
i love that man to death but he is definitely not a ‘super hot husband ' in the making .
honestly who marries someone just because they are hot ?
what a stupid way to be in the world .
after looking up explosion proof equipment i am now picturing the charred remains of blown up building and then a unscathed pallet jack in the middle ready to keep working ... rather then it made to not cause explosions .
i think my brain is telling me it is done for the day ...
i 'm stuck and ca n't seem to get more eggs .
not sure what i 'm doing but at least i 'm completing the quests .
like you say ಸಮಾಧಾನವಾದಂತಾಯಿತು and ಸಮಾಧಾನವಾಯಿತು are essentially the same .
adding a comment in case someone comes in and explains .
have you always loved the smell of your own farts ?
if they ca n't help try your local cbs station .
i 'd like to give a shoutout to everyone who has been a part of these birdie wing threads this season .
there has been nothing but good vibes the whole season and it has been a treat to be a part of .
see ya 'll in six months for the next time on birdie birdie wing !
i think it would help if you learned more about computers if you learned about virus removal good and safe practices when downloading mods
it 's fear of the unknown and maybe fear of losing something you ca n't replace so learn how to fix it and learn more about it in general
there are loads of good guides online on how to take care of your computer and how to carry out upgrades and repairs if needed
a computer does n't have to be scary just let it be a learning experience
tune into our reddit talk this friday for tiny foods food styling and using food as an art medium from our guest chef lenny the lizard https www.instagram.com/whosagoodlizard
the talk starts friday 1st july at 1pm pdt 9pm utc+0 remember to bring your tiny food questions and food styling queries .
you can find more of lennys cooking here on r/food their profile or on their instagram here https www.instagram.com/whosagoodlizard .
we also welcome back our brilliant talk hosts pod appétit gourmet takes https www.instagram.com/pod_appetit
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/food if you have any questions or concerns .
only if you whore yourself out to him and his friends though
your interpretation of the phoenix lights 1997 is factually incorrect .
the supposed line of flares dropped by luke afb planes for training exercises in the hours after the statewide phoenix lights events were loosely in the shape of a long arc .
many of the dozen or so craft or shapes perceived as craft '' by witnesses seen at low altitude were triangular deltoid and boomerang shaped .
as people who live and work around san diego have repeatedly made clear in these threads military exercises on the coast of san diego are regular events .
not daily not weekly but there are several military exercises visible off base throughout the year every year and flares are a common part of nighttime exercises whether on land sea or beach with the seals and marines .
that 's why switch players are lucky as they do n't have to deal with a gacha title
no idea what the fuck the point of this movie tbh haha .
which is fine for movies that are just fun '' but this movie seemed like it was trying to have commentary on something and just fell flat for me .
i did n't even hate it but it was n't really for me either .
i thought all the acting was fine but the story lacked .
my best guess is that it 's making fun of high art '' and the whole human evolution thing was just the vessel for it .
because a lot of the scenes were just overly pretentious and it seemed intentional .
i did n't understand why pain was reduced yet pleasure was somehow intense during these surgeries for some ?
i kind of understood the mutilation bit because people do that even now but that goes back to how big the whole thing is because they made it look mainstream and shit like that definitely would n't be .
saul is undercover but literally nothing happens or changes because of it ?
the two techs for that company just killing people .
the body gore and whatnot was n't bad at all though .
maybe i 'm just desensitized but people hype stuff like that up too much and then it 's just disappointing .
wow never knew this part of the lore that is matt flynn and more so aaron rodgers .
mccarthy probably took the play calling away and said stop showing me up rodgers .
no wonder we are always better in the 2 min drill .
this has been removed because your account is less than 2 days old .
this is in place to prevent spam and bot accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueofmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not sure why people lump diamond/masters together a lot .
there is a huuuuuge difference between being able to get out of platinum and getting out of diamond .
in an effort to promote a higher standard of titles and limit roleplaying within titles your post has been removed for use of personal identifiers .
to see what we look for in a title 's submission please read here https www.reddit.com/r/hentai/comments/gc5cik/post_titles .
if you 're an artist and are trying to promote your work in your title include your handle inside either or brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hentai if you have any questions or concerns .
you heal with the two of swords by going within and trusting your intuition .
block out all the noise and conflict and seek your answers within .
those swords are truth and she 's wielding them .
and do n't forget to have a turn on me with your beautiful cock 😘
it is the response because that 's how the game was planned if the mmo comes after the rpg so yeah it is first a rpg the thing is people like you generally play mmos that forget they also should cares about the rpg lmao ffxiv is a story focused mmorpg to be more specific
if i ca n't get 500m in a few minutes i know i have hose problems
keep talking your just a fucking idiot who cant face the facts that hes good
promethazine also antipsychotic and i did n't down vote .
would be okay for a week to get your sleep schedule back or something ?
it 's almost like everyone wants to have fun and at least get a chance to really play 😮 truly mind boggling..
i think people do n't know who to tip or how much if it 's not related to food or taxi service or something like that .
i 'm just tossing that out there as a possible reason .
the south is full of notoriously bad tippers another possibility .
now full disclosure i hate the tip jar on counters and get tired of everybody putting their hand out .
but someone who delivers heavy stuff especially in extreme heat or other bad weather deserves a tip imo .
i used to see this one dude called nihilated i believe .
literally have a story arc of finding them when they were like level 20 something forming a grudge to the point where we hunted each other never teabagged but always at each other 's throats and now they 're like probably level 400 or something now and we stop and dance and laugh with each other all the time .
except i have n't seen them since like before the tenosian update and it kinda sucks
r/killthecameraman this ruined my fucking year there 's a human slowly burning alive and this fucker is recording .
no doubt they could 've done something but views are more important .
i ca n't imagine jahm najafi would sell any of his equity knowing lebron and bob iger were coming in .
jahm has a ton of connections too he 's a governor on the board of the nba has investments in formula 1 team mclaren bundesliga 's fc augsburg belgian soccer team waasland-beveren la liga 2 team ad alcorcón xgames and msp sports capital and an investment company called mission advancement corp with colin kaepernick who has been seen at our games and i can see them all getting along great .
i love that the 90s had so much good stuff in all genres
docker does n't integrate well enough with ide tooling like interpreters debuggers etc that it 's convenient to run your actual source code inside a container imo .
it 's possible but it requires a bunch of configuration that is without fail much more cumbersome than just installing lang_runtime and also gives you a worse developer experience .
containers also are n't suitable as interactive environments with multiple tools/programs/processes .
i see people try to use a container the same way they would use a development vm and this is just straight up wrong .
this is n't what people mean when they say to containerize their dev env though .
the optimal way to use docker is n't to try to run everything in a container it 's to run the more auxiliary stuff there as individual containers .
databases build/dependency mgmt iac tools etc all go very well in containers .
you can easily throw away one and replace it with another image/version without mucking up your system with a bunch of database daemons etc .
the thing these things have in common is that they are stand-alone non-interactive and non-graphical .
if you are primarily a python or a java dev or whatever the idea that you should n't pollute '' your dev machine by installing a java/python runtime based on some anal principle is completely asinine .
most languages have better solutions for handling different runtime versions or do n't even need it most of the time .
if you find yourself needing a dozen different versions of java and reaching for a container you should just ask yourself how the hell you ended up in that situation and try to clean up your shit instead of continuing to cargo-cult your rotting environment in a container .
this might be warranted in legacy edge cases but it 's rare .
tl dr unless you have a very good reason to run your source code in docker for development you should n't even consider it imo .
looks like you 're trying to submit a direct link-type post you ca n't do that here so this submission has been removed .
submit a self-post instead by uploading your images to an image hosting website such as imgur and
and pasting the links to your pictures in the text box .
the reason why we did n't block link submissions outright is because mobile clients do n't respect this they show the post a link '' interface regardless of subreddit settings and so if we block them we get tons of modmails from people asking why their blocked link post did n't go through .
this way people redditing from a phone at least get a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amiugly if you have any questions or concerns .
they 're the only ones reproducing and poisoning the minds of future generations .
the recoil changes from last time also did n't have patch notes
not always a good one though looking at you kuwait for example .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=uuuu346 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
please share a link to a credible source claiming that the police does n't enter rinkeby .
i 've seen it with my own eyes plenty of times so i find it hard to believe .
still waiting on a source on a lot of swedish people are moving because of this problem '' by the way .
going to try to do a long term mother grow ?
1.5 yrs use 3xweek changed the battery once so far and wash with a little soapy water occasionally .
i think it 's also very hard because everytime we fight he wants me to leave and he throws all my stuff all over the floor while i 'm trying to talk .
i know he 's abusive but the thought of me leaving and him not caring makes it hard .
i want him to fear losing me and chnaging for me but i know he will not care and move on .
i also did it to myself for allowing so much disrespect and still being the one begging him to love me .
fatti fare un prestito per i 2000 € di debito in dilazionato 3-5 anni .
let hope this does n't end up being like luna park issue again .
luna park was there first apartment blocks built above it people moved in and complain about the noise .
rollercoaster and rides gets removed to reduce noises ... .
it 's best to send a private message to the poster as opposed to leaving a public comment .
if you do n't know how to pm a user go to the textfriends wiki by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/textfriends/wiki/private_message .
you should also be aware of the subreddit rules https redd.it/3uub1q .
n\n we strongly recommend that you review the poster 's history before replying as there are many bots and scams out there and we want everyone to be safe.\n\n and feel free to join our chatroom https redd.it/5zk6ba .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/textfriends if you have any questions or concerns .
what i like to do sometimes with someone who believes the manmade climate change hoax is to ask them to name one single climate scientist ... or name one they 've seen on tv .
at least with covid we 've had the unpleasant experience of having to endure anthony fraudci .
he 's become expert at lying without blinking but you still know he 's lying 'cos his lips move .
ok now i know you have n't played ds2 .
you should try it sometime the things you 're complaining about really are n't that big a deal once you get into it .
i know because i used to to be of the same opinion but now that i 've given it a decent chance i love it .
of course fun is subjective so you may just not enjoy it idk .
but do n't go around bashing it because it is a genuinely great game that too many people miss out on due to this negative stigma it seems to have .
filling your mouth does seem like a fun treat to start the day off !
i actually lol 'd when i read otherwise they 'd be in mt .
there 's a couple more the snake-mage-cocoon thing in volcano manor there 's only that single one in the entire game .
and i think the tiny demi-humans that jump on you are only in latenna 's cave but i 'm not sure .
do your other features using the fn key work ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
well he is also a candidate for the upcoming election so it 's technically the truth .
i have plenty of casters already so really i should probably save for either another rare class or just a good assassin aka kama .
you are so amazing i got this ready for you !
also see scape power up for a gaming bar and plenty of bars with arcade cabinets .
just because masayuki found some good titties to be ...
and this is why this issue was selected to market to replacing the overt racism that was becoming less fashionable .
and also why it 's so narrow a belief '' and that does n't account or include so many things that actually reduce abortion rates etc ...
it 's even worse that all this is being done not even for genuine belief '' .
lots of intrigue and mystery storylines that play with memory .
if god is all '' then to make good and evil their own unique aspects '' it would require god to divide himself down into those two aspects of good and evil but a god '' who is just good is not all '' and therefore not the true god it would be an aspect of the true god just like pure-evil satan would be an aspect of the true all '' god .
the chinese rammus universe basically they made all of the champs as rammus in his pose on splashart
if you meaned if any of us have figthed just me but only when i was a child
my marlin version does allow this and that is how i adjusted it i lowered the nozzle until the pla was n't continous anymore and then moved it up slightly until there was an even pla line .
if you 're on a budget you can always use demon limb as well not that budget bowa is the greatest idea .
nothing to do with the comment but i love your username
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
unless there are obvious things like beard and skull cap
when was the last time carphone warehouse sold a carphone ?
it must be your laptop because the lesson 4 was defiantly not that dark
in fact i would argue season 4 is one the shows brightest seasons when it comes to lighting since a lot the story takes place in sunny california and one of the most iconic scenes happened in broad daylight ... .. https pbs.twimg.com/media/fua8ltqwaaelfcz.jpg large https pbs.twimg.com/media/fua8ltqwaaelfcz.jpg large
it would 've been replaced with a non genuine screen yes .
henshaw and ringrose i would guess maybe add in aki
i 'm sure pete would 've followed this guy straight into hell with all that support and motivation he was receiving .
i like that it brings comfort to some people but i do n't feel like it adds anything to my life specifically .
i also do n't like how corporations just slap rainbows on everything to try to get some extra cash .
i 've managed to calm down the rushed anxious feeling i 've been carrying around for the last month or so .
driving home i felt calmer than i have in a while and my brain does n't feel like it 's rushing from thought to thought like it has been .
i took last night off from bootcamp and dedicated the night to self care including reaching out here for words of support which definitely helped .
special shoutout to u/kidwithgreyhair for being such a great support .
i wrote to avalon hill and they made it available for my country .
to combat spam this subreddit only accepts links to trusted hosts .
if you feel this is in error or would like your host whitelisted please mail the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/susygala if you have any questions or concerns .
always use turn signals please and do not hog the fast lane when driving slow or slower than cars on that lane .
anyway got any tommy gravesen stories ? ... i do n't care that you did n't play with him you 've surely got a story !
he was innocent ... he did n't deserve to die .
your normal view '' needs to have innocent in it too
married taxpayers are not eligible to claim the head-of-household status .
i just provided the outcome and you explained the why behind it
the prior census had issues and seems to have missed a lot of people for variety of reasons .
in that position i think i would have asked the post office if they offered any kind of printing service .
still trying to understand why people live in a city where the rent is way overpriced the salaries are crap and the crime is just going out of control .
dude i send you nudes if you share your scientific research sources .
they have more ppl playing it because of that and thats what they wanted and probably making more money then ever
medical bills are negotiable and do n't need to be paid in full .
as long as you pay a little something each month you keep them at bay .
they also ca n't be used against used in your credit report .
submitters may now lock their own comments by making a comment on their submission with the string ' ! lock . '
submitters may do this at any point they wish but the comments can not be unlocked later on so lock your comments with care !
we have these stickied to every post and nobody reads them .
if you notice anything strange going on in the subreddit send the mods a message or report it .
we rely on the community to keep the subreddit on topic and welcoming .
if you are particularly good at spotting trolls consider joining our mod team !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unsentletters if you have any questions or concerns .
hey i ca n't offer any advice but it sounds like you are in exactly the same place as me alm/ost identical in fact .
looking at your insta you are probably at a higher level than me and you have a few more subs but aside from that i am the same was posting art regularly trying different photo set ups the occasional art product to promote my stuff like you have done the cards with the nice backgrounds look great by the way i posted every 2nd day for a year or more to see if it would help but producing enough content to keep up with it as a part time artist was near impossible for me i swear it ended up making things worse .
i also worry sometimes that i might be shadow banned how did you contact fb to check this ?
but then like you i get the odd post that gets 100 likes even though the rest get 30-40 .
i posted stories etc videos for me have never worked well and i am gutted that they are apparently the way forward i edit videos for a living and the thought of having to do more for my art is awful now lol .
anyway i moved house a few months back so i was unable to keep up to my posting schedule i then went months and months with only a few random posts honestly did n't really notice much difference and was much less stressful too not that i am promoting doing that that definitely wo n't help the engagement lol
one thing people do say a lot which i really struggle to keep on top off timewise is to find similar posts and just like and leave non spammy comments every day .
i tried it a bit but after like 10 photos instagram said it had to stop me leaving more comments as a safety measure so i was a little put off doing it .
any way i know it 's not much help but as a fellow artist i have given you a follow would love to stay in contact and potentially help each other out with this kind of thing in the future if one of us ever cracks it !
as i think we are in the same boat !
nahiya nmn ako na prang more than 70k gastos ko sa sarili ko 😅
kung meron nmn pang gastos as long as may pangkain the next month at d ka mamumulubi the next month kebs lng yan .
bigger than you who just says shit online but ca n't face to face loool
i 'll play devil 's advocate on a few points here
bitcoin unlocks the velocity of money just like the internet has done with the velocity of data '' .
traditional digital payments are already moving at the speed of light .
the blocks and obstacles that are slowing down international transfers are there on purpose to avoid tax evasion money laundering and most importantly to control capital flows from one state nation to another state nation .
governments will not give up that kind of control without putting up a fight as it 's an existential threat for them .
'' for example why do we need to wait 2 weeks for a paycheck ?
why not get paid every minute or every second ?
if you receive at the speed of light you can also re-invest at the speed of light and automate payments savings investments decentralized finance just about everything related to money and much more .
if this hyper capitalistic view is even desirable i 'll leave for other people to judge it 's not for me but that 's just me but i do n't see anything blocking us to do this crypto or not .
we are already tracked monitored analyzed enough for this kind of system to be implemented within the traditional financial system .
'' with 5g coming online it will open up the bandwidth for applications in the future that we have n't even thought of .
for example we can eliminate stop signs and traffic lights with self-driving cars negotiating the right of way for fractions of a penny based on bids and who is in a hurry .
sounds like a dystopia to me but again maybe it 's just me .
'' how about a small business owner in japan wanting to sell something online to someone overseas ?
there does n't need to be any middlemen brokering or slowing down transfers or currency conversion .
you can sell whatever you want to whoever you want .
crypto or not the middlemen will be there in the foreseeable future in the forms of customs managed and regulated by governments .
capital control goes hand in hand with goods control .
so no disrespect but in my opinion your post is a good example of what we often see here in this subreddit .
fancy words and catchphrases speed of light defi 5g we 're early that mask a lack of substance .
hey leave the guy alone he 's working so very hard every day 24/7 to get you your money back and he does n't have time to communicate .
he 's got shifts at wendy 's and arby 's today .
fading but not faded so they were still there .
literally say in your post you think it 's your fault for cutting them off .
we get why you did what you did but we all agree with you .
accept it learn and move on just leave more space in future .
i think i 'd put a post-it on the steering wheel instead .
i 've seen this cloud a week or two ago in croatia in old town part of the city nin
thanks for posting u/ok_hornybunny_69.to all the people commenting feel free to give your honest opinion but comments must be free from insults ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickwhitegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you 're making op 's point then .
you do n't seem like you can keep your concepts sorted out .
you do n't have to if you do n't want makeup on you .
if you 're just scared of it not looking good on you but still want to look good in makeup i recommand you try something light for example just color correction until you 're comfortable enough then move on to lashes lips and eyes .
thats some serious dedication you have and a successful project
it 's a neat trick if you can pull it off .
ah i guess i failed on that one because i did n't keep a note of his name it only sort of dawned on me afterwards .
he was friendly to me and to another stranger we met and we walked and looted together for a few minutes before parting ways .
he seemed chill but you 're right it could totally be because he saw that i did n't have anything of value on me white gear and a bulldog .
from what i knoe he 'll still live for a fews years plus when he gets close to death the elite will get a replacement very fast
still had time to get his phone out and record though .
even if i could n't help i would n't record it either
op your friend '' got catchfished and wont get his money back .
lesson learned dont fucking fly 3000 god damn miles to some stranger with no proof of authenticity or place of living .
they are happy now why they will take efforts to do this shit
all these guys are groping to find that one thing that 's so outrageous that even the republican base wo n't buy it !
vampyr and witcher game series for strong stories vampyr is somewhat more doom gloom both have serious tones though while witcher has better combat .
say hello and add a friendly comment to another user 's post on the sub while you wait for someone to comment on your post !
you 're also more than welcome to join our official discord https discord.com/invite/9uudpwbftk to find friends !
when someone contacts you review their profile before responding .
help us make this a better community by becoming familiar with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/makenewfriendshere/about/rules .
report any suspicious users to the mods of this subreddit using modmail here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere or reddit site admins here https www.reddit.com/report .
all reports to modmail should include evidence such as screenshots or any other relevant information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought a knife while underage you have to be 18 or older to buy knifes where im from
it 's a horrible idea and i hope for the longs that they do n't do it .
you do n't have to have a baby shower at all ... if friends and family want to give you gifts they can do so when baby is born .
why do people have them any way is it just for more free stuff ?
israel beat all of it 's neighbors fair and square and owns all the land they did n't give up .
maybe he practiced shooting legs instead of head and torso at the shooting range
how do you know if the op calls them churros donuts .
the dough type used to make churros shoe pastry type is totally different than what is used for krapfen donuts etc .
once saw a dude out the back blowing his nose with gloves on then preparing food with those same gloves
i can see the first couple of episodes turning the older audience away but it really is a great show if you stick with it .
i 'm actually mad that it 's so much better than obi-wan .
it feels like there was real effort put into ms. marvel .
i kinda take pride in the fact that 99.9 of gladbach fans were bullied off r/soccer
so who should we go for in free agency and trade periods ?
but i do n't know if payroll would flag the discrepancy seeing as they tend to be part of finance as opposed to hr .
sorry i should said this was a new lathe when i got it .
customer service is excellent with the company and i have been able to make a few nice things .
you can see it in action on my youtube channel just search for mike holton hand made crafts .
me in my last year of college talking with a pre-medical advisor susan
you need at least a 3.9 gpa and 90th percentile mcat scores to get into medical school .
you are nowhere close and in my opinion it is foolish that you are even considering yourself worthy of going into medicine .
now i 'm in my fourth year of medical school after getting in with a 3.2 and a 70th percentile mcat score .
less than 12 months till that sweet sweet doctor title .
what difference would the op-ed or giving to charities make ?
he 's an f2 junior driver its not like he 's getting paid handsomely to drive the car .
i get that people want to see change from people but if you 're already not believing him when he released a statement and you do n't believe he has learned the lesson by losing his tiny shot at an f1 drive with red bull and you do n't believe he should be driving in f2 now what difference would an op-ed a long form instagram post pretty much and giving to charities make in terms of rehabilitating his image .
we hope that you enjoy our sub as much as we do but in order to ensure that you are able to continue being a part of this harm reduction community you will need to review the rules of this sub .
you can find the rules listed here https reddit.com/r/opiates/w/rules ? utm_source=share utm_medium=android_app and access our full side bar here https www.reddit.com/r/opiates/wiki/index
you can also find the answers to many commonly asked questions about dosing duration roa and other stuff here https www.reddit.com/r/opiates/wiki/faqs and here https www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/mf8ldn/use_this_before_asking_a_question_faq_information
the users sending those messages to you offering to hook you up with a reliable vendor or sell you drugs is extremely likely to scam you !
we promise 99.99 of the time they are not legit and giving them your money will make you a sad sad panda .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/opiates if you have any questions or concerns .
what really blows my mind is the amount of men that do this to themselves .
i 've seen so many men describe looking after their own child as baby sitting '' .
you are n't baby sitting you 're looking after your child ? ?
trust me in the moment it feels awful but after time everything goes back to normal .
im now pregnant again and keeping it at 34 .
in defence of the driver i 'd like to give a few points .
i saw this video before it was in malaysia if i 'm not mistaken .
car burning is an axia and the number plate is black and white .
in malaysia we do n't get much training in terms of emergency situations like this so there 's a looot of bystander syndrome going on here .
and for most people that own cars or vehicles i guarantee that 99 of them does not have a fire extinguisher on hand .
and it looks like they tried to help they stopped behind the burning car on the shoulder .
and honestly what can someone do in this scenario ?
a burning man is slowly walking towards you without making a noise most people would freeze .
i see people saying they would wrap their jackets around him or try to douse him with a fire extinguisher .
i 'm not sure how effective wrapping him with a jacket would be he 's covered in flames
edit someone posted an article the video is from perlis which is malaysia 's northernmost state directly under thailand
it is very common for women men to be bisexual or bicurious .
in our recent swinger survey with over 2000 participants we saw over 50 of men over 85 of women report they were bicurious or bisexual .
some ladies might do it for the spectacle but most do it because they desire and enjoy it .
swinging tends to not be just about the sex .
all swingers are different so some might be doing it only for the sex .
swingers tend to do it for multiple reasons like the open welcoming atmosphere non-judgmental crowds great friendships emotional connections tends to be more for poly situations amazing friendships so much more .
how much would i pay for some 200 pound 20 inch hulking black gay man to force himself on these people .
but it 's not necessary for local restaurants to follow that .
if they do n't want to eat they can do so at their homes .
just because few patharwalas insist the local restaurants does n't have to embrace halal .
we should stop buying from those patharwalas whatever it may be .
as far as the bigger brands are considered do n't buy products with halal mark on them .
they can export but not impose that shit on domestic customer
i bought two of these recently and they work well
it 's been a while since i had american made mayo but i find consistency and texture repulsive .
i ca n't exactly put my finger on it but even brands like helman 's taste completely different in the us compared to europe .
european mayo is creamy and delicious so i 've been buying imported mayo for years .
only recently i discovered kewpie and i was blown away .
good mayo i could eat with a spoon regular mayo makes me gag .
i just lost my vision in my right eye and have a surgery coming up in 2 weeks .
propositons and a devil incarnated of language learning ... .. all i can say is that i share the same problem with you when we were learning them in class the professor did give us some kind of list about some generel rules to follow but of course ut was not complete so it became frustrating to me .
'how am i ever going to learn it ... . ? '
the one thing that halped me tho was actually that same professor by just having a conversation with the professor who is a native speaker and as they were speaking ... . if she can do it so can i yes it 'll take time but in the end i ' ll get there .
what little advice i can give you maybe try to find some book you like get one copy in your native language the other in norwegian and try reading and comparing how the texs differ when looking at what gives you trouble .
the more you expose yourself to the language the easier it will be
2 i 'm contemplating a big move in the future and would love somewhere it 's feasible to bike everywhere .
i wonder what 's going to happen to bridges will he get suspended ?
he 's a nice player but he 's having a bad offseason
in my opinion this is the prettiest and most sexy shrine maiden-type outfit variant in the game .
to me that white-red colour scheme gives off fantasy healer vibes .
i hate to say it but this is exactly why the 2a people have been so anti-federal registry .
thank you for visiting r/deadbydaylight however your submission has been removed under the following rule
during thoughtful thursday only serious discussions and questions are allowed .
more information can be found here thoughtful thursday https www.reddit.com/r/deadbydaylight/comments/vnyz7s/thoughtful_thursday_has_started
for further information please read our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/deadbydaylight/wiki/rules .
if you 've read your removal message and you 'd like to discuss our decision you can contact us here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdeadbydaylight .
d2 had mid tier items u could sell or collect .
di has 1 chance to get something good and 99 chance it will go on the salvage heap .
the ability to keep and trade items is what made monster killing in d2 engaging and exciting .
sure it could take forever to find a shako but you might find items worth 2 shakos in the process you dont need .
without looking for an image of a real nugget to compare this to i 'd think this is as close as it gets to the real thing
i have a pair of the same myself love em but they are unfortunately defective and for some reason have less isolation on one side .
would you rather 3 billion people die or your entire family and friends ?
depending on how the old the kid is they 're actually teaching this stuff to you .
you can get a quick cycle started on your new axolotl tank by using filter media from your established tank .
i actually store extra sponge filter in my largest established tank .
this gives a great jumpstart and nearly instant cycle when i set up new tanks
i think you ruined your son 's future marriage .
that means you probably saved him from a miserable life with his parasitical inlaws .
always talks negatively about living in a black neighborhood and no one has issue with that ?
it would make russia and china prey on that weakness .
exactly the west is unfurling what it has done previously whereas asian and latin american countries are moving ahead .
it 's not universal as they say reality is vast chaotic and unexplainable in just yes or no statements
that 's why i come to reddit comments before reading the articles .
ah yes if only i 'd compromise on gay rights or bodily autonomy or any of the other litany of awful things the right wing wants to push on us .
gon na take the ass when you show your self so naughty to me
yeah sorry for quoting data to you and disproving every bullisht you say .
in response you just spam dumb irrelevant shit that supposed to support whatever your thesis nobody really knows what that may be but there is literally 0 substance in your comments .
how i 'm apparently stupid as there is nothing to reply too .
eh you guys are getting stupidier with every passing day .
if you ever get a chance check out ‘shrimp ' .
it is a short movie she directed about a couple dominatrix i guess that 's the plural form .
she is trying to establish a regular relationship and it clashes with her profession .
conversely uneducated often means unemployed which increases crime across the board .
imagine hundreds thousands of billionaires who are also animal vets .
who cares what their intentions are they will save the animal for as long as it can serve them .
... is n't that office guy older that you .
your dad has n't touched a pc in a very long time .
scuzzy scsi has n't been used in a long time .
on the bright side they 're clearly quite quick at determining this change regardless .
there will probably be an event to get him for free if not their will be an event where you can get more blue motes .
i 'm not necessarily attracted it 's just like any other part of a woman 's body .
if a woman has basic higiene then armpits are n't a problem
the good '' christians all denounce the bad '' christians .
then all the bad '' christians say that they are actually the good '' and that the good '' christians are the bad '' christians .
at some point i hope all christians realize that christianity means nothing specific and is just a framework on which individual groups can build their own little versions of religion .
the bible jesus god the entire religion is just whatever you make of it .
there is no universal truth to be found in christianity .
stiffing a server on a tip wo n't change the system because you are still going to the restaurant and supporting it .
every time you enter a restaurant you 've told the owner you approve of their business .
why would they change it if you keep coming in and giving them money ?
in the us most owners wo n't even ever find out nor care that you did n't tip so here you would be making a statement to the wrong person .
i mean tbh i do n't think she 's ever had any truly happy memories with billy .
maybe memories where there was a glimmer of hope of them being friends but i doubt she was ever truly happy with him .
and the memories she needed to escape vecna had to be nothing to do with her trauma and her trauma is billy dying so seeing moments of almost happiness with billy would n't have helped
thinking about it that 's what makes ghostface so dangerous ... sure he or she is just a normal usually scrawny teenage guy or gal ... but any other random joe shmoe can just go and put on the mask and start stabbing ...
cut off the head and two more shall take it 's place ...
i think your freinds just having a conversation with you .
also it 's doubtful your brain releases dmt when you sleep we could have a whole ass conversation on this lol .
do n't send us a modmail about it we will not change it !
this is a spam protection mechanism tutorials on how to earn
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean there 's enough bullshit in there to start your own rodeo but it definitely did include the words maine and weed so i guess it qualifies as a post for mainetrees .
i did n't watch clone wars and i am born at june so i am dead or not
would you mind sharing how much you spent and how much you 'll need to spend on any repairs ?
why do i have a feeling this is in canada ?
a lot of people i 've spoken to who 've moved are not even aware of this rule .
lot of times it is do n't ask do n't tell since india has a dual-taxation treaty with the us .
assuming you pay taxes on gains in india you should be okay but you are right in being cautious .
if you do retain the account balance you should be more concerned about foreign account tax compliance act fatca filing
based on a true story that changed my life a few weeks ago .
now every time i 'm alone and sometimes even in company i feel like they 're watching me and i see these shadows all the time .
i lost my job because of this and sometimes i do n't even feel save in my own room anymore .
so the bu computer purchase program seems to have 2 options thinkpads or macbooks .
i 'd recommend not getting touchscreen because my experience has n't been good with them .
the bu program offers 3 options the e14 gen 2 x1 gen 9 and the t14s .
the e14 has a better processor than the t14 while being 500 dollars less so i would n't get the t14s .
if you have the money tho the x1 gen 9 would be pretty good .
you would n't need to upgrade the storage or anything cause 512 gigs is fine
and for macs it 's really just the education discount that they show .
so it 's entirely up to you what you want i have the 16 inch m1 pro macbook pro and it 's damn amazing .
the new m1 macbooks are amazing and honestly worth the cost .
but if you want a great less expensive laptop the m1 air is a good purchase .
the m2 air is coming out soon too which will probs be added to the education discount .
so if you have the money m1 macbooks pro any variant for less money m1 air or wait for m2 air
she could be across the specific ocean for all i know .
i recognize that hydrohomies is about drinking water but if you are having trouble with utis i suggest a big glass of quality cranberry juice a day .
it helped me with my utis and bladder issues years ago .
not a doc just sharing what i know works for me .
just because people are n't entitled to sex does n't mean it is n't unfair for your partner to deprive you of it .
it 's not necessary but its an important part of a healthy relationship for most people .
if there is a legitimate reason to not engage in sex like medical problem or something then yes the partner should be understanding but this is n't that .
this is just being spiteful to your partner for something they did n't even do .
fake being dead then u wo n't have to worry about being caught up
why did you feel the need to point this out 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
from official info at least some of russian exchanges are pilots no info on the amount but it was plural .
it shoots 8 mm i could n't tell you on those bases because i have yet to see this gun but i would think it would n't since it was n't something that was added
well i guess the average person gets in 9.5 hours
your friends are gon na have to adopt another cat .
i 'm pretty it was overkill but it was more the merrier .
i did n't want that pixel ass game to lag as if i ca n't run it lol .
your comment was removed as your account is fewer than 3 days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tits if you have any questions or concerns .
they do n't provide useful services so if they close then they ca n't screw with women that do n't want to be lectured at in times of need
if it makes no difference as you claim why spend taxpayer money doing it ?
fun fact in brazil some nba games are streamed on twitch
would it be reliable to take legal action against such actions ?
men see sex as something that denigrates women and makes them dirty and used .
so every body is just her body getting more disgusting and decaying .
it 's useless to try to have a discussion about the healthiness of human sexual expression .
what about the smaller object jumping all around the main object ?
i feel like something repeating the blue red yellow and/or white would incorporate well then .
yes i know it 's because sponsors are cutting budgets and they 've had to split up the season with multiple brands but boy do i miss drivers having one scheme that stuck with them all year year after year for most .
sure they had occasional one offs but i miss seeing a driver in a distinct scheme that was his and his alone year after year .
wtf he would never be allowed to do this kind of off script heel promo on wwe
you 're alpha legion so just say it 's fake gear to confuse them
it would n't be out of line with what they 're been doing recently
looks like you just made a text post in r/movies .
unfortunately our robot removed it because we require a minimum of 300 characters not 300 words in the body of our text posts .
please revise resubmit and tell us a little more about what you want to talk about .
please do not message us asking us to approve your submission .
if you 're trying to remember the name of a movie please visit r/tipofmytongue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/movies if you have any questions or concerns .
im not spanish in that pussy i explore herr ‼️
if it is aom de what new civs would people like to see .
for me personally i would like a central american probably aztec civ .
it would cool to be able choose the morrigan as a deity .
you 're posting twice and have been corrected multiple times ?
i thought you were taking this too seriously or doing this out of malice .
why would you not do a simple search before making those claims ?
straight up i was thinking the exact same thing .
the amount of people who have been coming onto this subreddit taking any kind of criticism of the design change personally is insane to me .
i get it if my opinion on the menu and the use of the hands was n't popular but it was coming from an informed place and it was just an opinion .
but good fucking lord the amount of actual back and forth and underhanded comments i got was insane .
people trying to gaslight me tell me my entire career was a joke telling me to deal with it . ''
so much unnecessary attacks on me personally for a design opinion and i noticed these people not just making one or two comments but they were on multiple topics doing the same thing .
i said then that they sounded like butthurt engineers who worked with fossil .
my time in the entertainment industry has shown me a lot of people who make movies and entertainment get upset that what they created was n't received well by people and some of the attitudes of the comments i got mirrored the attitude of butthurt creatives .
anyways i agree and i 100 would n't be surprised .
this really sounds like some egotistical upper manager decision to cut costs after reassuring others it would be ok and now they 're mad that they 're getting pushback from it and it could make them look bad .
i 've seen the same scenario play out 1000 times .
his k is over 27 for the 2nd straight year in aa .
at this point he is what he is and his walk is up as is his woba ops and wrc .
the only think that can make him adjust or be better is facing tougher competition .
the game does n't require constant energy generation for like 99 of it .
if someone with more power mods than imagination wants to use perpetual energy generation for the sake of convenience that 's their choice but do n't undermine the value of constant energy generation by making it stock-standard .
we got ta earn that right and when de are making no ability bounties i 'm thinking they 're not keen on making ability spam a constant thing outside of specifically building for it
i have it saved on my phone for quick access .
i count myself lucky having had him in 1st year 4th year and a week in 5th year .
op if you have any questions or issues at work do n't hesitate to reach out to the jatc .
but i got the foot joy hyper flex recently and love them
i used to smoke a lot of herb and o never smoked 2.5 oz in a day🤣
it 's a canon eos r with a 35mm lens .
sometimes it comes in a few days ... sometimes it 's a few months .
i once ordered a glock lower parts kit and it took like 10 months to arrive .
by then i had forgotten i ordered it which meant i had to build a new glock ...
so i guess it was kind of a win ?
i wonder what kendrick thinks about this robert is never getting out 🤣🤦🏾‍♂️
i 'm gon na fuck those holes into submission with this big hard dick and flood you with cum .
so he 's brainwashed because he likes a republican ?
if he would like a democrat would you label him brainwashed ?
when rogans numbers start tanking then you 'll have a point but i think his podcast is still great .
and yes this sub has changed it 's been taken over by the left who bitch and complain about everything he says and does and who he brings on .
and no his fans do n't hate him i honestly believe people so bought in and invested in the left are spamming their political ideals on this sub and making it seem like his entire fan base is against him .
sadly they are wrong it 's just reddit and by the looks of it i do n't think rogan is the only sub that 's getting taken over by the left .
when his viewers drop significantly then you might have a point but for now it 's obvious that some people do n't like when joe talks negatively about the left and many have decided to just flood his comments and make it seem like he 's brainwashed just because he 's not supporting the left .
this sub has changed any and all comments agreeing with rogan or comments saying anything positive about rogan get downvoted like crazy yet any and all comments trashing rogan or being triggered at what he says or who he brings on gets massively upvoted .
it 's like the far left morons think they are doing something positive with taking over this sub .
and before i get the classic you 're a conservative or a trumpie no i 'm neither .
matter of fact the last time i voted was for bernie and joe actually endorsed him as well but what happened ?
they have the nod to hillary because bernie was n't someone they could control .
the left is not the correct side or the right side of history and neither is the right .
reddit has now become all about politics and it 's going to kill this whole app .
bush sr was destroyed because he kowtowed to then new anti-tax element of the conservative movement by saying read my lips no new taxes '' and then realized that he needed to raise taxes .
the only lesson heard loud and clear was that conservatives should always oppose taxes no matter how reasonable and needed they may be .
i remember bush jr. seeking reassurance from those same anti-tax groups that he would n't be called out for raising taxes by letting a tax cut provision sunset the law was written in such a way that the tax cut had to expire lest it show that it would cost more than it supposedly saved .
is this his black turtleneck or his darker black turtleneck ?
i 've spent enough time under the hood of mine to know what i 'm looking at when i see it haha .
just a bit of a lingering cough from the dust but that 's it .
i did also have covid about two weeks before the festival tho so maybe my immune system was already a bit boosted ?
tfw a primal aspid shoots one fireball that does 11 damage
i dont read the new york times..what do they say about bolonsaro ?
when will tom do a hour long video apologizing to them ?
neo-nazi and white nationalist groups have been waiting for this moment for decades .
you 're going to start seeing them distribute propaganda and speak more openly .
to them this is the prime opportunity to start recruiting i mean they already have people in positions of government law enforcement and the military .
charlottesville portland and later washington dc during january 6th were trial runs to see how much they could get away with .
they learned lessons and adapted by altering the message to reflect normie '' concerns but anti-semitism will always be a core tenant of their cult .
of course the chiefs will make sure that e6 and below can not have khaki shorts only blue .
i 'm not giving a judgment but after reading some of your comments and others i am going to advise that you get therapy .
i 'm basing what i say next on my experience of being an adoptee and being part of the larger adoption community .
you are a birth parent and dave and lydia are the equivalent of parents/adoptive parents .
from farrah 's position this is what can happen when kids meet their birth parents there 's a serious honeymoon period .
eventually it will end and farrah will realize you 're a real person and not the fantasy parent she 's had in her head all her life .
and that is when the rubber really hits the road .
how are you going to handle her first expression of anger or disappointment with you ?
you need to figure that out and be prepared for it if you do n't want to mess this up .
from dave and lydia 's position they want what 's best for farrah and if you become a detriment to farrah they will take action as they should .
they may also be afraid that farrah will replace them with you .
that can also be a common reaction for a-family members .
the healthy thing to do is to make sure you do n't supplant them and that you respect their role in farrah 's life .
from your position you 've experienced the trauma of giving birth and relinquishing a child .
whether you want to have a child or not that 's a lot to go through .
additionally you are liking feeling some sort of guilt over abandoning farrah .
you need to deal with those on your own without projecting it onto farrah or her parents .
further you said you did n't want to be like your father .
that 's great but here 's the catch he was your parenting model and you may unconsciously act like him .
a therapist can help you identify where you might be slipping up in this department .
i hope you take the advice on this forum to heart .
you have a wonderful opportunity here to build a meaningful relationship with farrah dave and lydia but it will take self-awareness and work to avoid the pitfalls .
hey my great uncle was sherman tank driver from sicily to naples as well .
no comment thread chats please use dms for replies .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokies if you have any questions or concerns .
however i want to make a distinction here the sr is sustained release taken every 12 hours and i would not recommend breaking those up either .
there is a third immediate release formulation formulation buproprion ir i think that is what op wants to be on as the doses are available in smaller tapered amounts .
time consumer iksse3 willing well ii feathers far key entity extraction i away we go here to mars honestly not my favorite album at all black sunday rise
i guessed that most cars depreciate at 6 10 cents per mile .
to calculate the cost per mile for depreciation you need to subtract your cars current value from the price you paid for it .
then you divide that number by the number of miles driven .
3 how many miles have you put on your car ?
for example if you paid 6,000 for your car and have put 100,000 miles on it and now you check kelly blue book 's website and see that your car is worth 2,000 .
this means that the car has lost 4,000 of value .
divide 4,000 by 100,000 to get your per mile '' depreciation .
that means that the average loss in value per mile is only 4 cents .
can you give me the answers to questions 1 2 and 3 ?
also i am curious what is your year make and model ?
broooo lowkey am thinking ab saving for these would be a grail for me bc i work w minimum wage job lmao
both fascism and communism have strict governmental control of the economy and means of production and nazism is a form of fascism .
this shared element between fascism and communism does not make nazi germany socialist .
nazi germany is too complex to be defined by a rigid definition of its party name alone .
they were a little above average not v extraordinary .
however i did have mostly a in the courses related to cs like dsa os dbms comp networks etc .
you should be all good if your degree covers those fundamental cs courses .
it 's even wilder in nys where you 're getting the 12 weeks of parental leave as well
i dont know what it was but i was a kid .
i think another classmates pheramones or their general scent i found it almost intoxicating .
i did n't know why i liked it but i knew i did .
i do n't know how to explain it it might be weird but it was innocent .
the scent made me think of comfort and companionship .
like the scent itself made me want to be around it .
ok this was bothering me where i heard it so i did a little searching ... here it is !
from that first time with ... interview series is this the one you meant ? ?
sounds like he does n't actually do all the arranging necessarily but that 's his way of approaching making music with the band .
sorry for the necro i did n't realize this post is so old .
i would love to try scc but the ammo penalty looks really steep and i 'd probably kill myself a ton thinking i got hoverclock .
can someone explain what took so long to jail this guy when it was blinding obvious it was him ?
who gets to know a blood bag or thanks it for its blood ?
i will message you each time u/inevitable-top-8547 posts in r/gonewild .
click this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=update message=subscribeme 21 20u 2finevitable-top-8547 20r 2fgonewild to also be messaged .
the parent author can delete this post https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=delete message=delete 20vnsn0u
how many division rivals beat you up over the years but you ca n't help but like ?
i got votto and cutch was in philly but mostly a central guy .
are you saying that am khan did not study quran or he is not following quran ?
nice try at creating a grievance but you fake a f
i 'd be okay with it but it would seem like hero worship and too political .
also i 'm guessing people would still be upset even if they converted .
just imagine how many people would say they were fake or lying or whatever .
fair call i just find it stupid that our government is busy virtue signaling about a group of idiots on the other side of the world while simultaneously funding and allowing criminal groups to operate with impunity in nz .
they may not be terrorists by dictionary definition but they sure use fear and intimidation against the people of nz .
i feel like this should be answered in 2 parts
age a guy should be expected to know how to pleasure a woman as soon as he 's able to properly listen to what she wants and follow her instructions mature enough to take feedback and a willngness to learn
if he does n't he should just give up when you 're dead you should never give up .
even those of us that can please someone can learn something new every time and from different people you never stop improving .
i can imagine in my head the bass would sound especially good slower down .
thanks for the idea i just might give this a try
i need a 9 volt industrial grass capacitor for a 4kynn-i88 mother board and a new cmos battery for it as well .
i have fireside co terotuff scales for a para 3 .
here 's how i try to tell the difference ...
mp4-12c has a more f360 style headlight and bar tail lights .
720s is the big brother with more of a slash tail lights and headlights like white under eyeliner drls and no side scoop behind the doors .
now do n't ask me about 600lt 675lt and many others .
765lt is more akin to the 720s but like better .
senna is like an angry hot wheels and a p1 is super gorgeous but hard to explain how the look is that different from many of the others above .
when in doubt look at the bottom edge of the door and you can usually find the badge on the side skirt
twitter did n't exist and what she did was not a rumor .
she blatantly lied and said he whistled at her .
white folk back then knew damn well what would happen if they said some shit like that .
i 'm sorry her husband beat her but she 's a piece of shit for lying .
build nodes at the start of each match and then jump to your desired class that you want to level .
this was said in the past as well people need to realize reactionary ideas will always attract people .
i feel u i used to do it and still do sometimes 💀
ghidorah looks like he is checking out godzillas back side .
only stopped fighting ri because she passed out from hunger
the tired and hungry ceobe was eventually defeated after a bitter battle .
the rhodes island operators then disarmed her and dropped her off at the leithanian branch of rhodes island '' ceobe archive file 1 .
her abilities being basically a mystery to the ri science team
now under the tutelage of rhodes island operators she is working hard to understand her unique skill '' ceobe promotion record
ceobe does n't understand her arts ri clearly does if shes getting training from them .
doc fed her one good meal and she immediately became loyal
some people even took the opportunity to feed ceobe some strange things .
though these people usually fall under one of three categories the experimenters the kind-hearted and those who just wanted to make fun of her '' ceobe archive file 2
when being briefed on missions she could n't wrap her head around things like tactical simulations but the doctor had a brilliant idea by giving her simple concrete commands such as 'stand here ' 'attack this ' or 'fight until i arrive ' she was able to complete her missions .
as a result ceobe was able to save some brain cells and the doctor entered the ranks of the few people who ceobe would completely set her weapons down around .
she specifically talks about how she is getting better at reading in her records .
today rhodes island has developed a comprehensive learning plan for ceobe and as long as she is willing to sit down in a classroom and begin working on her literacy we have reason to believe that she can become an excellent arts user in the future . ''
the only thing reading related is this and it say that her reading could get better not that it has .
ceobe 's story is basically the story of every doggo that is rescued from an animal shelter and finds a good home .
no her story is of a stray dog wandering around before finding a home .
her song is called solitary journey https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=did_qx80phy and her second talent is lone journey '' .
has she dragged this body around all over the world ?
she went from wanderer straight to ri she was rescued from the streets .
its honestly impressive how you managed to get every single detail about ceobe wrong .
neither i nor any of my university aged children know what they are but we are in canada and all my children are at uwaterloo in stem disciplines .
al michaels and john madden did n't have a huge variety back in the day but they were great to listen to .
uh uhh and now they got these gloves ! !
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=wellequipped8 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
grab a stik and brake the web and walk threw
they did death note cowboy bebop erased and ... uh ...
in all seriousness unless i 'm forgetting something obvious that 's it .
anything else like the live-action fullmetal alchemist movies was just bought by them after the fact .
death note is ... polarizing but i 've generally seen decent sentiment around cowboy bebop with people thinking it 's good but just nowhere near the anime 's level and erased is generally considered to be one of the best live-action anime adaptations .
season 4 is more forgivable in its lacklusterness other than a handful of really good stuff like this purrfect gig dark and story night etc .
they just came off the heels of finding out their former boss was a creep .
season 5 was supposed to be the major shifting point via age up but it just made the show feel even more different with how they 've been doing wackier plots and more lincoln n friends eps .
thankfully season 6 has been picking back up on classic plots but it still carries some s5 traits .
they pay up the ass for anyone that actually gets bumped .
i noticed this on the ps4 version however i did n't remember if it was that bad on the ps3 .
unless i am bored and decide to make another date for whatever reason
he was a grown man when he did all of these things ! ! !
if your gon na be racist then expect shit like this to happen .
you do n't get to shit on people for literally being a different color and expect people not to come at you .
nothing it 's just ive known since i was little that none of these things were acceptable and my mom is literally a republican and always has been 😂
if you have any evidence to support this post then send it to us until then you 're banned .
there was 2.5 inflation with no interest and most of inflation can be attributed to classical inflation pressures .
but the inflationary pressures are more self inductive than classical pressures .
the reason the rba tried to get wage growth earlier and suddenly flipped is because they wanted to pre-empt the inflationary pressure today .
a few years ago on gallery night some sheepish people told me they 'd been to mmoca and gotten in trouble for moving some pieces of cement and sticks around that they had thought were there to interact with .
the items had been collected by some visiting artist from construction sites they all had bright spray paint on them from where workers had made marks for some functional purpose .
in light of that your interpretation of events seems extremely likely .
still the response from the gallery seems a little wierd .
oh by that i mean a complete 180 of the vast amounts lost/outsourced manufacturing companies support industry jobs that took place in 1980s usa
disincentivization campaign of outsourcing matched with incentives to keep a measurable percentage within borders .
they say hey that paper dollar is n't worth anymore than the shit on that tree over there .
no it doesnt because it has 588 billion in debt .
you rtard califonia sheep cant even get together on a number for your surplus lie .
you say 100 others on this thread say 49 .
there is no surplus when spending is larger than tax revenues .
the artist probably has a patreon link somewhere at the bottom of each episodes or their profile you can still tip them there
why does this random have to be so toxic ?
if you dont mind me asking what do you do now in singapore ?
i get it but murtough is getting way too much praise on here for just not being woodward .
what do you think of rino 's character and how he changed throughout this section ?
why is he treating lila so poorly by the end and will he continue to do so ?
this is the major difference and this is why i 'd never play without pantheon again .
only on the condition you make free bird our national anthem .
no need to hide your sexy body by wrapping it up completely ...
well given that some people live and die by the words bigger is better i think i can see why someone would be envious in some cases .
that 's so sweet of you i 'll look into it .
netherlands clear first and i would take senegal second persobally
experienced 36m whos about a hour outside of wt but loves hot tub fun .
i 'd love to chat and see if we click
i think if you want cheaper ones you ca n't put them under 25
he attracted the girls with the sexy sound they made in heroine
continue to watch what you love and you 'll reach it for
yeah because their precedent product was targeted at children and i 'm not gon na forget or forgive them for specifically this reason .
diablo immortals is at least not for children unless they radically changed the ip without me noticing .
the uncommons you can use have been printed at common at some point .
hopefully the latter since op sounds like a sex offender in training .
just seems amazing how etoro seems to target newer reddit accounts with low karma it 's a weird trend i think someone should investigate .
i 'm not a new account with no karma and i can confirm you that etoro is the ultimate pile of dogshit possible with sketchy rules unable to even provide proof that they ever purchased your shares in the first place and who will close your positions without warning you as well as being shady enough to liquidate your account citing the most random and obnoxious reasons .
oh man what 's the outlook on shingles for you three then ?
i moved to around bahnhof blankenburg and the number of visitors i have at home has basically been obliterated .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
you may want to try to post your question in r/polls .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
så at jeg har påstået at alle var ligeglade er en stråmand du selv har drømt op .
they did at one point but they know now that when im done for the day i do not check my messages or emails .
might have to make time tonight to try and record it !
i mean i was suprised figuring out like half ot the mouse have them those days saving weight ?
thank you i will be checking the zowie and glaroius
question though and this may be ignorance but why a rudder if it 's not powered ?
i would n't exactly pronounce lebron james leh broon jaah mess '' in my language .
seems i got my terms wrong it 's dos .
but it 's pretty much kids teens etc were calling into these places at all hours asking if it was freddy 's to the point owners were getting pissed off cause legit order calls were not getting in half the time .
the one restaurant that was a little mom-and-pop place that fans thought was part of an arg hand to come here to ask people to stop .
yes i have to talk to him i have 1 1/2 years left but with time its getting worse
got mine for close to that around 400 usd .
also look into getting the wireless rear speaker kit for it .
a story from my childhood lends credence to this .
there was a girl in my 5th grade class who was pretty tall for her age with very long arms and legs .
i think she may have had some kind of neurodivergent condition because she was all over the place sometimes had trouble sitting still and keeping quiet when necessary .
the rules were to quickly and quietly leave the classroom in an orderly fashion and make our way outside .
instead when the alarm rang this girl threw up her arms and ran down the steps .
but at some point with all these people to her back she stopped on the steps to pull up her knee socks .
i guess in the heat of the moment she forgot what was going on and could only be concerned with her damn socks .
they crashed into her but luckily there was a small landing and she was big enough to not be moved .
the worst i saw was people just going no or saying it 's low quality and stuff .
idk why that 's so bad or if there 's any other comments that are worse ?
honestly screw performance i just want an efficient chip on the android side .
it ca n't be that hard to make one .
he did fine with the writing and direction he was given .
they also have a stance on their website about representing even appalling speech on their website from last year .
are you seriously seeing shit with color contrasts on flashy white background with the ide colorings ?
the same reason you need a visa in 90 of the world ?
it 's not really the gotcha you think it is 🤷‍♂️
nothing about this indicated that it is n't sexual .
i 'm stating cnfj policy which is navy and i assume marine specific .
the irish were living on potatoes because they were exporting all their other crops to england .
yes the blight is what killed the potatoes but they would n't have been living on them exclusively if england was n't extracting everything else .
i got more shinys on sunday then saturday played full event both days and caught wayyy more on saturday in total pokemon
correct in a private transaction there is no paper trail or background check .
all that is required is for the seller to ask buyer are you a felon ? ''
so if a crime is committed later on and the gun is recovered the serial number will lead the atf to the last known owner .
they will then show up at your house to ask you questions .
yeah there 's a subset of conservatives that genuinely do think it 's morally wrong to do abortions and will agree with things like sex ed and contraception etc i do n't agree with those people but i can respect them .
i mean i 'm pro choice but even i think that abortions should be a safety net so i 'm always going to push for better sex ed and birth control before abortions .
i never understood people who are anti bc if they 're pro life .
would n't the best solution to the abortion crisis '' be birth control ?
r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnextdoorgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/funsized if you have any questions or concerns .
i love the looks of the lightsabers in the show with the noises the light surrounding the characters really amazing .
i 'm thinking about grabbing the bb as well i 've been seeing so many awesome looking plants grow out .
their relatives and people who want change like me are .
would a fruit and seed borne on a grafted branch not genetically descend from the tree from which the branch was originally taken rather than the tree on which it grew ?
too many people think stonehenge starts and ends with the stone circle .
it is a great place for a day out for an easy hiking in the countryside and if you are in to this sort of things getting emotional to think you 're stepping on a literal highway '' built 3000 years ago by stone-age people for festivals and parties .
the unesco archeological area is huge and littered with stone-age remains .
talk to your employer tell them you would like to be paid more for the work you put in if they say yes great if they say no seek employment elsewhere .
as for how much you should ask for more than you think you are worth .
if they say yes then get it in writing if they say no then you have some room to negotiate .
if they still wo n't give you at least what you are worth then tell them that they can even pay you what you are worth or you will find other employment and then find another job
this is the simple explanation but you 'll kinda have to fill in the blanks yourself .
unfortunately each employer is different and you kinda have to feel out how best to approach them to get what you deserve .
the banner provides little banner outside of mui himself .
i hope the breadlines reach all the way to your bunker you cowardly potato rapist .
larger numbers garbage is collected less often but more is collected at once when it is collected meaning typically longer pauses .
smaller numbers garbage is collected more often but less is collected at once meaning typically shorter pauses .
i 've seen gcmh https github.com/emacsmirror/gcmh recommended as a library that configures the garbage collector for you .
not sure if it is truly a one size fits all '' solution though .
this is idiots in cars not people with political trailers ...
heatran-lava zone interior volcano where nintails and the others circle
i went to casino niagara and lost 1000 maybe i should ask for my money back too ?
in such a pov the dialogue is the most important .
the screenplay writer briefly describes things that happen in third-person present tense .
the director then interprets the description when creating a film .
if you want deep pov intimate pov or free indirect you 'll have to change the entire style of narration .
i suggest imagining yourself as george then write down exactly what george thinks .
next look over georgie 's thoughts and decide how to present them .
his thoughts probably are n't enough on their own and require some narrative distance a view that is bigger than just george 's thoughts .
the cops ca n't enforce it because they 're too busy on their phones to notice .
i 've felt fairly concerned for bethanys mental health over the last few weeks .
i 'm trying to play more games irl but your application sounds interesting i wish it the best of luck .
not sure how well i can explain this or if i even have it right but there is either just beings living on the other side of a veil or there is a type of subtle astral energy in the world that sometimes coalesces around thought forms and takes some manifest reality for a brief moment .
generally whatever it is can not exist for long periods of time within 'range ' of human consciousness
earliest recorded version of the boulder gorn kirk game .
it looks like you have a us 256gb reservation .
you reserved your deck 10 hours 37 minutes 43 seconds after pre-orders opened .
there are 7 hours 17 minutes 6 seconds worth of pre-orders before yours remaining .
netflix should be looking to you for some advice !
that last line hurts because if she 'd ask me to get back with her right now i 'd jump at it in an instant all knowing that it 's wrong and i deserve better .
hopefully a few weeks down the line i do n't feel like that .
jeff busby park is about 40 miles north of legions and has some great views atop the overlook .
not too strenuous and arguably prettier than legions to me .
neat little historical exhibit as well as multiple clean bathrooms to use .
perhaps you could be the one to enlighten them being so knowledgeable and all .
i do n't know for sure just know that in the past some german tv channels had some local restrictions and i did n't want anyone to end up being disappointed because i advertised for something they might not be able to watch.enjoy your saturday .
surprisingly even to me i do have an audience which i 'm very grateful for multiple songs over 50k streams and i 'm verified on soundcloud i never imagined i would find an audience when i started years ago but i just keep putting out what i want i have hundreds of songs of many different genres and different mixing styles .
that 's why i find most of the comments funny people will just hate without even knowing anything about the artist every song is n't gon na be everyone 's favorite and every song does n't have to be mixed in a specific way .
it 's all subjective really unless your only goal is to make money and be popular and not just do what you love .
how dumb do you have to be to mess up drawing a swastika i mean besides dumb enough to want to ?
shorebreak hotel in huntington beach any size dog is ok they have homemade dog food on the menu and there is a dog friendly beach across pch .
did say that wont walk on eggshells only for some and respect should be earned not just given by virtue of being an authoritative figure much less for some characteristic of the person
not saying i go disrespecting everyone until they prove themselves worthy of respect either as much as they should earn it i do too
his physical feats are definitely superhuman no argument there but i 'd say his intellectual ones do n't necessarily stretch credulity .
he 's clever and intuitive but he has some blind spots and the deductions he makes are sensible .
jimmy said his car broke down near the site-where is it ?
there 's interference on the casa tranquila phone line when there never was before-gus might have figured out i 'm still alive and tapped the line .
moreover he fails to anticipate that nacho has turned traitor and the one person his feigning death scheme was supposed to fool does n't really buy it for a moment .
can this team ever just pick a brand identity and stick with it ?
they change their look more often than most people change socks .
i hate when i just start warming up to a character and then i find out they 're gon na die at the end of the season because the actor is leaving .
oh does birushana senki have a release date yet ?
i saw a review about it and now i 'm more excited for the game than i was before .
i love kongo being lost in the middle of all these powerful nations and missions trees .
for those that missed it op abused jerusalem special governement that gives free deus vult .
i wondered why you could annex the whole of the timurids without any unjustified demand and if it was caused by mongol missions to get all these claims
but the gas is going to go up even more in a few days and weeks i think its not a bad idea giving that media was there this morning probably wont chance anything but doing nothing will definitely wont either
this is madness on desktop i could n't get through and on mobile now i 'm 4600 back in line .
to be fair better the leader ash than either the support or hunter since they actively get debuffs for it .
of course this is assuming that scotty either has a lumberjack axe or deliberately did n't want the sword .
i 've seen a bunch of people using that new stg-45 squad in berlin .
either op that commented before me is right and people are getting them gifted for free or people really do n't care how this affects the industry .
it implies nothing is worth doing unless it provides absoluteness .
not necessarily it kinda just means you get a lot of girls .
i do n't watch those videos but i doubt they all say that .
we found out that the lola who sells bottled coke and palamig near our school would collect used plastic straws in garbage bags and wash them up so she could use them again tomorrow .
he 's been there for a good few months and the podcast was already established as one of the leading mma podcasts within the community .
he has nothing to gain from it and it 's an awful disgusting thing to accuse someone of to gain clout .
infact he has more to lose by accusing them .
so it comes down to a guy that is pretty reputable vs a sleazy guy and his sleazy buddy
post with emojis or any other characters other than text in the title will no longer go thru .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigboobs if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty big detail and different from the gop guy .
oh yeah sorry zangief 's gritty new lore where he kills his sister and canibalizes his nephew to realize the true power of mecha zangief and rise into the role of primary antagonist does n't happen until street fighter 8 .
me being an ass aside what would you do with zangief to develop his design and character in a meaningful way that would n't alienate older zangief fans ?
exactlyyy and it causes me to lose weight and eat badly making me unhealthy it 's a cycle lol
pretty sure c-moon and made in heaven may be a bit too much for him
i know its not flashy nor a solution but the best we can do is juste not spending
wan na know how i know that you do n't know anything about schizophrenia besides what you 've seen in movies and tv ?
i honestly gave up ... i applied in march its 41 done but they sent a bunch of paper work i honestly do not understand .
so i 'm gon na suck it up and work
from the quality to the lighting to the editing everything looks really nice and i can tell quite a bit of time was put into it .
the only thing i 'd say is to add some music .
it felt really quiet while watching and it felt bizarre to me that there was n't any .
seems like the type of vid to have lofi playing in the background .
as of where to get it i think bgmpresident has some decent ones on their channel that are free use but you 'll have to do a bit of digging to find what you want .
no i read it but you 're still penalising those that need the space to discourage the lazy .
technical difficulties and i was on at 12:45 and never got a queue or anything .
it was always there for me around 11am the next day .
they all worked fine for me except my last day and the support guy basically just said yup ur right i handled it and it should be in your account in a few minutes and it was
why was the previous post deleted and then bumped here ?
that loser ass flag the blue lives matter blue stripe bullshit and their many variations and the nazi flag .
i do n't think it necessarily follows that direct confrontations are viable option .
nato deploying troops in ukraine would be a much larger and explicit escalation than locally stationed units engaging a limited russian force in say a self proclaimed state in eastern estonia in this hypothetical .
wir sind in bier geboren in ihm geformt wir haben die milch erst erblickt als wir männer waren und damals mussten wir von milch nur kotzen !
a large global alliance to provide good security for nations that wish to remain somewhat free open societies to various degrees
that requires the stablecoin to be earning enough profit to pay intrest back to everyone thats lent them their money .
obviously depends on the coin on how they get that profit but if their minting/sales slow down or their investments dont return enough to pay back stakers then your gon na be fucked .
i 'm one of those lucky gamers who has plenty of disposable income .
i ca n't imagine what it must be like for gamers in less developed countries .
like it 's the one game they can pay for every month and the prices were just increased .
how do they justify asking their moms to increase their allowance for the same game ?
i 'm really curious how many people are sweating in space trying to make the isk to plex their accounts .
thinking they will be screwed if i come along and pop their ratting boat .
less pvpers as they try to pve up the isk to plex their accounts .
but again likewise the functionality of the thinkpad wo n't come close to the zenbook .
yor i got a husband who i married 1 year ago !
status completed with 362 chapters hoping someone to continue translate it until end
after minoru soramoto 's parents ran into crippling debt and left him to fend for himself he finds out that they also left him in the care of his neighbor—a stunning coddling and mysterious young woman who is obsessed with him .
in fact she adores him with all her heart insanely so and beyond her means ... but why ?
what has minoru done to be loved that much ?
i know the requirements to use it is like 16 strength and 12 dexterity or something but what does dexterity do ?
well considering the super short lived one https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_china 1915 e2 80 931916 that came after qing was just called the empire of china it would probably just be called the empire of china and not a proper dynastic name .
try out https simplepdf.eu it 's very user-friendly and you should be able to achieve what you want to do !
i was responding to the redditor that wishes for a proper diplomatic peace to stop all the useless killing '' .
calling for peace '' at this point in the timeline is calling for appeasement and heavy loss to ukraine whether it 's territory or political future or both .
i 've never seen coleslaw with fish and chips i do n't even remember ever seeing it in a menu at one
indian conservatives say shit like gays are ruining the world '' my brother in ganesha you worship buff dudes .
i 'll be waiting keenly as it does look to be a great resource !
i got like 3x30 def just from abyss ... should have play noelle
this is a 30 minute video from the 60 's .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
yes mostly due to trauma and being bullied im actually going trough a really hard time atm and im still alive
it 's 70 euro on their website which i do n't mind bec of the quality and the great shape you get but they should 've gone wireless already .
i always prefer shape and quality over anything including wireless and the gpx and viper passes on quality and the weight is lower but i 'd rather use any zowie mouse over them bec of how much better the shapes are imo well except the za but i can appreciate the fact that it 's so unique and beloved by many others .
i even sold my viper when i tried the fk1-c it 's crazy how well it fits in my hand compared to the viper that i just ca n't get a consistent grip on .
you believe you 're not good enough and ca n't get past that even though there 's multitude of evidence that that 's not the case .
i ca n't understand why you do n't like you body .
and the size of you boobs is amazing it has a perfect size curve with the nipple facing front and having a nice slight pink color to them which made my fall in love with your body .
having to fart after a few drinks is a dangerous game
roughly a 1 in 21.936 quadrillion chance of that happening just so you know .
i stopped decimals at the trillions i did n't even go to billions or millions let alone thousands .
i 'm in the uk so £9.50 per month .
eta that 's the flat price for my monthly prescription regardless of mg .
it was a line of enquiry that le naturally had to follow ...
i do n't think it deserves to be called a 'latest theory ' .
pulled hero pan off this you got really really lucky based on what other people got
i 'll just cancel and go back to reading books and spending time outdoors .
you probably got measured when wearing shoes a long time ago ?
omg yes i 'm holding out for a prismo one then it 's shut up and take my money time !
so we get the answer is she wearing a bra or not since the bud light has been shaken up and will spray on uzaki chan
i know what you are thinking and no ... do n't you go dip your head in radioactive waste now .
i do n't really care about contraception in fiction .
i have to worry about condoms in real a bit of bare back sex is a-ok for me .
i hate when religion is thrust in and i was n't expecting it .
also not to mention that the rather yes '' votes might be from people who believe that not everyone is a bad guy .
people voting for this might be in the category of 'neighbour killed my family and burned my place and did other bad shit but his wife is n't so bad and she would n't have done this thing . '
but i 'm still surprised that the for that is still so high .
i 've also just read momo and it 's amazing definitely one of the best new manga of 2022
shot in the dark here but this is a time pod sent here by our future selves to record historical events .
does it mean there is hope for another shot on goal ?
i do n't think there is much significance to reporting the data on medical conferences though .
only concern was that my channel name has 'pc ' in it but i 'm just going to go for it and review all that i have .
in all criminal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an impartial jury of the state and district wherein the crime shall have been committed which district shall have been previously ascertained by law and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation to be confronted with the witnesses against him to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor and to have the assistance of counsel for his defence. 1
the constitution does not say the gun makers are immune .
how can i tell if reddit will remove the sound or not ?
i lol 'd at any shmuck with a falcon .
let me just run inside and grab my falcon real quick 😂 i wish house falcons were more prevalent
i went back to the us last month got my test the day before and uploaded it on my aa app not sure if all the airline apps do this but it was super easy and no one checked .
i do n't wonder if they are capable of playing such a master move .
especially as they would have know that they need to be there for netflix content
never been to a tracy concert and im thinkin bout goin to the same dallas one think its gon na be worth to go or nah ?
hmm maybe i should actually watch the stuff released after s2 now huh .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
and if its considerably smaller than you and thinks that it either has venom or rabies soo ...
ya 'll really be reaching for reasons to be mad when your complaint is they are n't being nice enough to my fave ''
will literally kill a fucker for shooting out of a criminal 's dick ''
heh would love to see how he would fare fighting against robocop lol
we hope that you enjoy our sub as much as we do but in order to ensure that you are able to continue being a part of this harm reduction community you will need to review the rules of this sub .
you can also find the answers to many commonly asked questions about dosing injection techniques and other harm reduction advice here https www.reddit.com/r/heroin/wiki/index/harmreduction or visit heroin 101 here https www.reddit.com/r/heroin/wiki/index/heroin
anyone who messages your inbox offering to hook you up with a reliable vendor or sell you drugs is trying to scam you !
i promise you they are not legit so do n't give them your money or you will be a sad sad panda .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/heroin if you have any questions or concerns .
do you know how to automatically get the bearer token for this case ?
because it seems like the token expires and i have to manually extract the new one
no poison is calculated from the base damage of the phys/chaos portion of the hit after conversion .
i love sitting in my kitchen counting my cans of beans .
is that like trying to eat two tacos at once ? 🤤
height is no possible unless they add a lot more of animations etc
i 'm at the point now where i think the cops accidentally shot a non-combatant kid .
i ca n't see any other reason they would claim they went in to get their own child leave with that child and then refuse to go back in other than that they did n't want people to see/hear from the kid that they wounded but did n't kill that that cop over there shot me ! .
yeah i know but then what is the point of this ?
just to have it on record that they refused ?
qualified immunity relates to civil cases and lawsuits money .
qualified immunity has nothing to do with criminal charges against an officer .
it does not prevent an officer from being charged with a crime and has no bearing on a guilty '' or not guilty '' verdict .
qualified immunity does not prevent a person from suing an officer/agency/city .
to apply qi a presentation of facts and argument in front of a judge are required .
ending qualified immunity and/or requiring police to carry liability insurance will not save the taxpayers money officers are indemnified by their employers around 99 of the time and cities face their own lawsuit whether or not they indemnify officers .
the need to pay doctors exorbitant salaries to offset their insurance costs contributes to the ever-increasing healthcare costs in the us .
there 's no reason to believe it would not also lead to increases in costs of policing .
forcing police to pay claims out of their retirement is illegal and unconstitutional in the united states .
all sanctions and punishments in both a civil and criminal context require individualism which means that you can not punish a group of people without making a determination that every person in that group is directly responsible for the tort s in the claim .
procedurally trying to seize pension funds would make it necessary for every member of the pension fund to sign off on any settlement and to object to any settlement or verdict .
additionally even if it were not illegal and unconstitutional it may easily lead to more cover-ups rather than the internal ousting of bad actors .
this would give police financial incentive to hide wrongdoing whereas they currently have none .
qualified immunity is a defense to a civil claim in federal court that shields government employees from liability as long as they did not violate a clearly established law or violate a persons rights .
qi does not prevent a lawsuit from being filed .
it is an affirmative defense that if applied will shield a person from the burdens of a trial .
a plaintiff can file a lawsuit and the merits of it will be argued in front of a judge .
if the plaintiffs can show a person 's rights were violated or the officer violated a law then the suit will be allowed to proceed to trial if it is not resolved through mediation .
during this time the judge can order both parties to a series of mediation efforts in attempts to settle the suit .
also during this time both parties have a right to discovery meaning the plaintiffs and defendants can request whatever evidence exists as well as interview each other 's witnesses called depositions .
all these actions are before the plaintiffs can request summary judgement .
only after mediation efforts have failed and discovery has closed can the plaintiffs ask a judge to find qi applies and dismiss the lawsuit .
if the actions of the officer are clearly legal qualified immunity can be applied at the summary judgment phase of the case .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/protectandserve if you have any questions or concerns .
especially when the first batch from mobilisation has n't even hit the turf yet i believe .
the bentusi have been integrated for like a million years and they do n't sound robotic .
for all bots and spammer do n't try it we check it if you follow us .
every 1000st mint will trigger the contest where 10 random buyers can win 10 of the minting cost .
we will send the price money in matic at your minted address .
note you must mint 5 nfts to enter the special giveaway
we will drop daily 1 legendary nft from our collection .
if you like and retweet our posts you will automatically participate in our contest where you can win the legendary nft .
if you are a chosen winner we will dm you and then send us your wallet address .
every 1000st mint will trigger a contest where 5 random holders are able to win 1 legendary nft each .
for all bots and spammer do n't try it we check it if you follow us .
i think the emphasis was meant to be that he never saw pillman smoke pot—which would have been the least offensive thing he could have done—so why would he have done harder stuff ?
they literally got nerfed are you blind or just have a too low iq ?
yeah it is n't i was joking but yeah russia is n't losing .
this deep dream image was created from the following post
we did two cross country treks to and from southern california with 65 lb lab mix .
stopped and walked the dog every three hours or so .
dog slept on back seat floor and or back seat .
dog did fine and slept mostly when we drove .
two of them even had dog fenced in areas to romp around in .
we also stayed at the hilton home2suites many times along the way.more expensive as dogs were 50 75 per night additional but hotels very comfy and fairly new hotels located within a mile of interstate .
both la quinta and home2suites offered hot breakfast included .
other hotels also mention dog friendly which can mean like marriots woukd cost 75 100 additional for a dog plus some places are small dog only .
we did n't leave dog in room alone and mostly got takeout for dinners .
use dog friendly apps as guide bringfido.com offers dog friendly tips .
our dog had never been in the car for long trips but did amazing .
the laquinta in st george utah was especially nice and right off the highway nice quiet street behind to walk around and rooms were big .
yep took a few generations for issues to show up with the egyptiana but sibling marriage was common for their royalty .
all i needed was the .\\n '' and it worked
man i ca n't imagine that would work given the unpredictability of an amtrak arrival .
even calling an hour ahead to the restaurant is likely to be a bust .
now maybe dominos or some other food chain could set up something like they do at an event where they keep food hot until the buyer is there but i do n't think there could ever be enough volume for that to make sense for a restaurant .
i got caught up in the excitement a bit ...
living the dream in sweden at 9,13 at the moment .
sooo ... ..the postpartum period is really rough on probably most couples ?
there 's just a basic unfairness to reproducing and it 's really hard not to hate your husband in the first 6 months of being parents together .
there 's probably a hormonal component to hating him but also it 's just not a time of life that makes it easy to give grace to someone raised with male socialization .
he will complain at some point about being tired and you will think i 'm in a diaper from ripping my body open you moron . ''
i do think if your husband has parenting obligations besides the baby you have together that makes it tougher .
he has to balance his time and energy and as new mom you need so much care .
so i suspect the postpartum time is a little bit tougher in a stepfamily situation .
but there are often nice surprises after the first 6 months .
it means so much to me that his kids are loving to our kid .
it means so much to me that his kids were compassionate to me when they knew i was really going through it with ppd .
it means so much to me that they all started taking seriously putting their garbage in the garbage can !
seriously they went to their mom 's today and the house was not wrecked at all .
it 's just mentally really tough to become a mom .
if you are generally an independent self-sufficient person the ways that becoming a mom makes you need lots of help is rough .
the identity crisis is real and then being a stepmom is often a setup for an identity crisis .
i honestly think every new mom should have a therapist if only to just have a knowledgeable person checking in on you weekly .
but then you have a new favorite person you made !
it 's intensely fun to watch that new person learn to crawl and clap and eat .
and after going through the crisis of the postpartum period you might love your husband and his kids more .
i was just trying to go for an academically stronger university.. also i heard ug is not internationally accredited
this is a good reason why it 's good to study history even after graduation
yeah it 's funny how both sides but conservatives in particular feel like the world is falling apart and they 're losing the culture war just because they do n't control every political and cultural institution in the country .
when you go to your loadouts you can edit them and select top 3 players ''
number one is this same one with enchanted boots number two is the build without enchanting mercury 's treads .
movespeed is a very strong stat it 's literally what lets a vayne 100-0 you while you run to tower .
his whole point about batting flipping and the no-fun barrier was doubly stupid when you consider maybe the most famous bat flip of all-time was jose bautista back in ... 2015 .
with how he talks about it you 'd think nobody had ever seen one before .
because israel did n't exist 70 years ago and now people speak about assimilating the arabs who lived their into 'their ' country .
as an african you should be very familiar with the concept of colonisation .
assimilation is fine but not when it is done by force .
i think i might be learning that i need to do this .
i have n't taught myself much but i 'm so surprised when others know things .
it has been removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/mrt_09/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
please note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
et on pourrait avoir un super organisme national qui s'occupe de ça pour éviter que tout finisse dans les poches des gros méchants comme monsanto .
ah on me dit qu'on a eu ça mais que des gogols moustachus sont venus tout casser sans aucune base logique
i believe i once had a mild case of it in my scuba days .
i could just have been knackered but had done a lot of diving to the edge of the safety charts that day .
good luck with that and may got have mercy on your soul .
late reply but i actually fw this style way more relaxed and flowing on the beat vs some intense autotune stuff
yea the only way i beat her is basically when i hit her so much i staggered her out of the attack .
second phase i could n't do that so i had to spam bloodhound step
does it not make you feel like a fat piece of shit ?
most of the time 😑 and i smoke too so my teeth are already starting to go downhill at 31 .
recently discovered it 's probably my undiagnosed adhd that is the culprit .
i want to brush my teeth at night as well and floss but i just ca n't seem to make myself .
i also thought it was n't an issue too much in my 20s as my teeth seemed fine for the most part .
but in my late 20s that 's when it started to go downhill .
gum line decays and my wisdom teeth which had always been a problem since their arrival anyway got cavities and ended up having the top ones taken out and a filling in one of the bottom ones .
then that bottom one broke and my other bottom wisdom tooth now has a filling .
someone 's salty that they ca n't be assed to take care of these animals properly or at the very least rehome them .
there is nothing i need to say that has n't already been said .
maybe pull your head out of your ass and start thinking about doing the right thing for these unimaginably stressed out fish .
that should be torbs turret in the pic talking about a bronze torb .
he literally makes us worse at everything we struggle with and need to improve
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
there are a lot of edible ones that actually go well into pizza .
well i ca n't imagine not being allergic to it because of its smell but i do use it to make almond milk or roasted garlic butter .
i 'm not sure if it 's better or worse than any other food because of the ingredients but i 've made sure not to add too much oil to the mixture .
i usually use one cup of almond milk and two tablespoons of oil to make a small thick paste and then transfer to a strainer .
i rinse the strainer out with warm water to remove the excess oil .
then i add the straining solution to a bowl of cold milk milk solids cream and vanilla .
you 'll see the oil drizzling onto the cream .
i typically add one tablespoon to the top of the strainer and let it sit for five minutes .
after that i remove the strainer and leave the strainer on the pan for 10 minutes to cool completely .
you can strain it using a cheesecloth or your hands .
when the milk is cool enough to handle you can squeeze it through a fine mesh sieve into a bowl .
you can store the straining solution in the fridge but i prefer to use the freezer to keep the straining solution separate from my milk .
the straining solution is easy to keep cold and is good for 2-3 weeks depending on the milk .
if you get sick of your straining solution after two weeks simply pour the straining solution into a strainer again and freeze until needed .
you my friend are a fucking legend and i love you
annnnnnnnnd if we look at homicides instead of just assault we see that firearms account for 73.7 far more than the other weapons combined .
for starters you 'll have much better luck getting accurate information if you ask these questions on their discord .
they recommend a vm because it 's easy to set up and no risk to your machine .
as for missing steps or something not being explained well i would hope that would n't be the case as the installation guide they have you follow is literally a direct link from the creators of ubuntu ?
if you 're still not convinced then just go the vm route to start and if you feel more comfortable at a later date trying a dual boot you can always go that route .
reminder phr4r is not a discussion forum please message the op instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
do bp exxon and shell call him each time they raise their prices or produce more or less gasoline or pull more oil out of the ground ?
yeah i 've heard it 's vw that is their lead competitor .
it 's just a hot button word people use to feel justified .
luke is probably the closest thing to a mary sue '' in the entire lore when you look at episode iv when it came out .
we had no knowledge of his family his history his father etc .
but he just happens to have this innate talent that others train for their whole lives .
i did post one on fc in the diy threads ❤️
because we do n't know about the vessel until the end of his story
it 's an easy lane win with overconfident fools like you getting e and thinking you 've won early game now .
die analogen wagenstandsanzeigen habe ich am wochenende übrigens auch vermisst .
da hing stattdessen ein hinweis dass es jetzt digital über die zuganzeigen am gleis laufen würde .
ist natürlich mist wenn man sich für seinen zug passend aufstellen möchte aber das erst angezeigt wird wenn das ding einfährt weil vorher zig andere züge verspätet einfahren oder deren verspätungsinfo da stattdessen durchläuft .
dann sobald die info da ist und der zug panisches gerenne der massen am gleis .
unless you want to start using stuff with actual inherent survival value like water or food as currency .
even shiny metal or internet equations need a market you can exchange them in to have value .
i meant what he said was sexist and he 's a fucking pig
only if they get evicted not saying not to pay that 's a whole 'nother story/debate this is just paying late nothing can be done about that .
i think remember in a recent survey i think they did ask if the upgrade animation is too much .
i hope the people who are really annoyed let them know in the survey
it took me a minute to realise that this was n't a r/ddlc post
cant wait to also get some crazy explosives easy to find harden vol 3 super hard to find and dame 4 medium i would say
there is a pre pre sale for tickets holder that stated thuesday at noon .
you get a huge red mark every time that the archer attacks or the lancer jumps on you as long as you keep your distance from the lancer you do n't even need to turn the camera around idk what is the hard part of this is literally the same as the lvl10
star trek fans have seen the franchise rise and fall many times over but this time it feels way different .
i would consider what they 're putting out now to be damn near unrecognizable when compared to tos/tng/ds9/voy and the pre-abrams movies .
the intermittent praise we 've seen over the past few years is just baffling .
all this return to form '' and the implications that the producers finally get star trek '' ... i just do n't see it .
the auto pickups for backpacks only work when on your hotbar or on your back .
gme trying to break the market and kill off 75 of humanity
democrats control two branches of government so we can presume that this is a result of their policies .
are we pretending to be as reductive as the average american in asking this question ?
owning a gun is a responsibility that requires training and practice to be effective under stress .
not a clever pick for the aio in the first place if you wish to overclock especially a 12gen .
re-mount it check that thermal paste spreads on the entire cpu you might have a bent ihs .
ok but she does n't do what she needs to do to go to camp so she stays home .
little pinch when they insert the needle but otherwise chill .
prep as best as you can eat a good meal drink extra water leading up to donation get sleep flex muscles intermittently during the draw and it 'll be like nothing ever happened
no the ceo is more like issue and am not work .
or straight up call you a liar to your 7 year old face of what you witnessed yeah i have a lot of relatives on my purge list luckily my mom was able to beat the shit out of him before we headed to the substation to report his ass .
if anything this sub has made me lose interest in dgd because their fan base is filled with rape apologists .
no one example of it working does n't mean it 's a good plan .
i remembered this fic it 's called enter the sandman '' hes already a pro hero
if dui guy had left up his original video instead of deleting it like a coward to hide his unstable behavior you would see her standing in line when he arrived .
https youtu.be/qeq6p7kqlco watch just before 47:00 they talk about being on a text chain how they know about the line situation .
the girl who sold her spot is in line on the video start watching at 49:54 to see her and she is also in further footage afterwards as he goes back down the line .
instead of attacking the people who stood in line for their spots why do n't you open your eyes and realize he tried to cut he deleted the video when people were calling him out on it and he dogwhistled for retaliatory behavior .
i would have a lot more respect for him if he would own up to his mistake apologize .
the only thing he did that kept any sort of respect was not trying to claw back the 4,000 but i suspect he did n't try due to optics possibility of her being able to go after him even though a grey area .
optics were more important because it would affect his bottom line .
emily obviously is n't the one responsible for caring for the horses .
did n't she say she had n't been down to the barn in a year ?
if the situation we were shown is real my guess would be that emily 's mom and dad ?
handles the basic day-to-day care of the horses feedings clearing out the stalls and then they have a hired hand that comes a couple of times a week to clear out the manure pile and do other heavier work .
now that kobe 's there it looks like he is supposed to do that job .
i have no doubt that production would let the manure pile build up to make it a bigger job for kobe and more of a reason for emily to be nagging him for taking 'too long ' .
he walked around in it for maybe 10 minutes before he rolled around and shimmied his way out which made for equally entertaining pictures .
afterward i gave the sweater to a friend with a little dog so tilly would n't be traumatized again .
nta i guess but this is pretty normal at your age .
i just rolled 4k miles on my manual and have loved every minute of it .
take a look at the section titled why nat is important '' on this page https support.xbox.com/en-us/help/hardware-network/connect-network/xbox-one-nat-error to better understand .
i love it but you 're giving way too much credit to local leo to understand what the signals mean .
i like the balance aew has struck between actual match finishes and bullshit finishes .
we determined that this submission originates from a credible source but we still advise that users double check the facts and use common sense when consuming mass media .
if you are interested in learning how to evaluate news sources more thoroughly you can begin to learn about how to do that here https tacomacc.libguides.com/c.php ? g=599051 p=4147190 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ukraine if you have any questions or concerns .
thats what i 'll do buy a couple stocks and add onto it whenever
she may also want to register with the my plastic surgery made me look like i 'm wrapped a little too tight association '' .
yeah toronto would be a stop on the way home instead of an easy trip .
logg cabin run by the mc for fat freddy 's
i know that 's asking the impossible just making the content that we could maybe do something about it
thank u so much your a life saver my guidance are trash they told me to figure it out on my own .
he did n't think about it he just sensed a brick hurdling at a kid and caught it on instinct .
i do n't think the randomness does anything for card games unless you can play limited or sealed with it .
in general i prefer the collectible card game or living card game models mentioned below where you can just purchase a complete set .
or why would you want to keep the randomness ?
if you want to reduce variance then just have less rarities .
magic in the past had only common uncommon and rare .
and with the inclusion of mythic rares the randomness increased a lot .
so one good way which also works nicely for limited play would be to have only 2 rarities or at most 3 .
with 3 rare cards and 12 common cards per pack or 1 rare 3 uncommon 11 common and have the rarities according to what would ruin limited .
also having less different rare and uncommon cards decreases variance and with it randomness .
further card games like msgic have a lot of bad rares '' if all the rares are good rares no strange wonky cards which are crap then its less frustrating to open the wrong rare since the value will be more evenly distributed .
if you want to have stronger power levels with rarer cards you could do what gwent does and further limit the number of rares and uncommons you can play per deck .
this way you could make all rares feeling strong way stronger than normal cards without hsving decks only play rares and increase the price too much .
i guess they were also with the hall and oates song but i feel even more intensity can be reached with a different goal song .
look at the ny playoff crowd and their goal song
with nigersaurus weighing about the same and sucho being proficient in hunting terrestrial animals terrestrial animals have been found in the gut of its relatives and it 's large claws enable it to hunt terrestrial prey .
and yea i want to know how it defends itself
super nice some of the questions were literally the exact same as ones i did for prep after the english paper 2 😭😭
yeah i think it 's like an average without insurance for like the year of diagnosis or something .
my sister-in-law is dealing with a lot of bs trying to get my niece diagnosed and jesus is it hard since they 're military and all of the base psychiatrists have never seen a neurodivergent person since they do n't allow autistic/adhd people into the military .
did he just legit not have enough time to bm and leave lol ?
looks like the teabag is a rubber band or something
i 'm genuinely sorry for seeming defensive towards the people that actually wants to give advice but my entire comment thread is flooding with non-understanding people that do n't have a different perspective due to their own personal relationships and possible trauma from that .
he 's just disinterested cause we do our relationship in english unknowing how to explain grammar rules and awkward because he do n't know what i 'll be able to understand and not .
a lot of what you 're seeing is toxic attitudes entitlement and armchair game devs that do n't understand how any of this works .
very rarely do game devs provide the kind of transparency that some people feel entitled to and the toxic attitude of i play this game a lot so i should know every little thing about what 's going on behind the scenes '' is spreading like wildfire in the gaming community as a whole .
look at what 's going on in the destiny community it mirrors what 's going on here .
when i was a kid growing up we had a kitten not much larger than this show up crying on our doorstep during the first snow storm of the winter .
we took her in our rescue dog who had puppies at the pound before we rescued her a couple of years prior immediately adopted the kitten as her own .
that kitten was instantly part of our family never tried to bolt out the door .
then when spring came and the snow was gone the kitten disappeared into thin air .
think she just used us for warmth and shelter for the winter and was gone as soon as she could survive on her own .
jpow broke the market and now that qt is on the horizon it 's showing the brokenness more clearly .
how much money do atheists spend on missionary groups to the third world ?
the fact it 's just appl calling the shots for where spy goes is wild to me
dear i 'm just trying to be a nice person to people trying to have a good time
i went to vt and still visit jmu all the time because i have a buddy who works there .
maybe i 'm biased for my alma mater but i do n't think it 's really that close .
jmu has a really nice quad area but otherwise it 's pretty basic brick buildings and not on par with those other 3
i 'd like to know i have the 20/21 puma kit i 'm not too bothered about so might give it a try and report back results .
right but by using your own idiotic analogy you can still get the high naturally from normal play you just get the high faster by spending money ?
... so not like heroin in the slightest huh ?
it seems not having to worry about leaking or heating issues will be beneficial .
i will likely be warming most meals up in a microwave and not have much time .
not to sound too paranoid but plastic tends to freak me out .
when i am taking food out of my home i often use plastic because i pack several different things and the amount of glass would make it heavy .
i do n't heat things up in plastic though .
i particularly like the anchor brand large glass bowls .
i can use them in the oven to cook then store in the fridge then heat them in the microwave eat from them .
i do a lot of rice/quinoa/potato bowls so the bowl shape works for me .
i also use mason jars with plastic lids for overnight oats and yogurt parfaits .
i also re-use jam jars and a variety of plastic containers from purchased foods .
is there any easy way to freeze and reheat soups within whatever container using a microwave ?
meant to be a pun for talk shop with me 🦔
i make broth and freeze it in roughly one-cup containers usually re-used hummus or feta cheese containers .
that way i can just defrost the amount i need for gravy etc .
in both cases i run the container under warm water to defrost the outermost layer then slip the contents into whatever container i will use to heat it up .
chicken/salmon according to google are good for 3 days .
i have personally pushed this but i wo n't have time for food poisoning if things go wrong .
do y'all freeze them then microwave within the container when you 're ready to eat ?
i figure i may go vegetarian thursday and friday if there is n't an easy way around this .
i can go four or five days with zero issues .
are there any no go foods that are gross when heated up ?
and what are some of the best that may not be super well-known i know i 'm fine with carrots and potatoes and whatnot
any advice with practically reheating in a microwave for any meal is more than welcome .
its all.about sales and nothing really about the climate etc .
once diesel was called cleaner and cheaper petrol because they wanted to sell that
we will still be plundering the planet for lithium etc foe ev .
and we do n't know if the grid could handle millions of ev in this world .
so.its not really helpnf the days planet but switching the main sourceto lithium which they want us to buy .
and not sure about this transitional process from 2035 that how they plan to replace petrol cars with ev .
i love that movie i 've probably seen it about 25 times including with both my brothers despite some cringey moments .
that said the book comes across a bit more matter of fact and brutal .
take a look at alflorex dual action it 's a combination of two strains originally clinically studied by apc microbiome and focuses on gut and brain .
never ever thoroughly clean a filter that has run it crashes the population of bacteria in the filter media that is absolutely neccesary to cycle your aquarium .
they want 1 round sloppy ufc hog fights with big belly guys with tattoos
yapp i yawned a lot at lets say 30min .
i took around 2g of dryed mush nothing more .
the best part is that i didnt sweat at all !
comment useful things on posts and you 'll hopefully get upvoted from those .
that 'll give you karma and after gaining 5 comment karma you 'll be able to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/futmobile if you have any questions or concerns .
ok we finally reach your new home i put you in the water and sit in front of you i freed you and brought you to a nice place now i want something back from my pet
op 's opinions are based more on porn than real life .
surely you can work out a discount with the attendant some how .
i 'm at work and i burst out laughing when i saw that lol
as an indian i have been making swastika all my life i still mistake this way .
the point of a full stop is to split up separate sentences .
for example you should not include full stops after bullet points assuming they are short bullet points .
moreover the subreddit is called r/mildlyinfuriating did you really think it would be the obvious answer ? ?
you desperately want your doubley fake internet points for doing extremely basic maths ? ?
so we 're only allowed to comment on topics that directly affect us now ?
yeah why did i have listen to a boomer couple and a mother daughter who were all investors/flippers absolutely and might i add rudely grill the real estate agent the whole time i was there .
was hoping the rate risers would freak these types out giving fhb 's a bit of space .
do n't get me wrong do n't want to defend real estates agents but these people were really unpleasant .
jeg gad da godt have et eksemplar af den t shirt .
it is against r/giveaways rules to resubmit your post before 48 hours have elapsed .
here is the original post 300 card your chosen gaming platform 06/27/2022 ww http reddit.com/r/giveaways/comments/v6pgle/300_card_your_chosen_gaming_platform_06272022_ww .
please note that the bot may have made a mistake .
if this is so please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/giveaways subject=/r/giveaways+incorrect+post+removal+for+v8bf53 message enter reason here
• point me out when exactly did lily call out petunia give me a freaking canon quote .
every time petunia made a classist remark on snape as children it is always snape 's fault according to her .
and this continued even until she started dating james and petunia and vernon see short story where james and vernon met by rowling
• same lily also turned a blind eye to the fact james still targeted snape even though he promised not to .
• same lily admitting she still indulged snape for a long time even after her friends wonder why you can check that in their conversation in book 7 .
i do n't know i found it strange that she needed to tell aiden she was cheating on him the night before charlotte 's wedding .
she was miserable and pretending she was happy during what was the biggest day of charlotte 's life up to that point .
it just feels like she ca n't help but insert her own drama into every situation .
you mean how every pc since windows 7 has snipping tool in the start menu ?
i mean the british system is pretty decent and it 's tried and tested it seems a few post war nations just took it and then changed some aspects
he 's talking about the ape larpers and dd writers of course
if you need artwork for decorating check out elizabeth rosa art https www.elizabethrosaart.com .
i wish more and more filmmakers explored fantasy as a result .
of course not saying that movies like rrr kgf should n't get made but just saying that it prods people to be more open to new perspectives than brash quick simple/naive judgments which these movies tend to encourage .
i too liked the novelty in suraaj 's character reveal it was good but not convincing because he was way too important in the cog he was the brains of the plot and implemented it flawlessly yeah ?
to be discarded/threatened like that by a shrewd politician someone who took down the extremely qualified character prithviraj played which is why i was saying a lot of the plot elements felt contrived .
but yeah i did enjoy the mass element something i did n't mention in the first post above and went all critical .
btw i 'm yet to watch vikram maybe this weekend .
i did n't think you 'd actually show up 0 0
ah sorry so i do not have this specific hairstyle but at least these have a similar vibe
try rickrolling someone who 's never even seen or heard the song before .
i 've never heard of this game ... may i ask what the story is out of curiosity ?
they 're laughing at us because they think they 're ordained for wealth and they have a god-given right to put their boots on their neck .
it 's institutionalized psychopathy devoid of any humanity and empathy .
there 's lots of similarly powerful options like cb strong jaw or cb parasitic bond or sd strong jaw vs. parasitic bond or special sets it 's hard to gauge which option would be the best
you have a beautiful asshole i just wan na run my tongue over it and such it in
i have no one to play with or i would play more
do your cbt and that allows you to get straight onto a 125 with l plates .
then when you turn 19 you do your a2 which allows you up to 47 horsepower .
finally at 21 you do your a which allows you anything .
no need to wait until 24 as you are starting so young
this is an all timer for this sub proof of our solidarity within the universe right before my eyes the depravity is beyond description woe unto those who witness this .
and he did n't turn into a generic ox-like creature he turned specifically into a giraffe .
in the same way kaido turnsd specifically into a dragon .
we do n't mind excluding the mrp but there are users who do n't want the purchase price listing they say it 's a hassle and redundant .
and yes keeping only mfg date instead of both seems sensible !
it 's really only a concern if their views make them more blackmail-able .
you can find that i 'm left leaning a feminist pro choice pro lgbtq rights .
i openly support these causes in my actual life so there 's no issue with my clearance .
i 'm also not sure that you know how clearances work .
i am not in a ts/sci billet so i do n't have access to that information .
also just because you have your sci does not mean that you have access to all of the classified intel there is .
there is a ton of compartmentalization—a lot of people have access to different little pieces of info so one by themselves is n't super useful .
it 's not like our adversaries are out snatching people off the streets but again just having a ts does not make you one nor does it guarantee access to information that they want
i 've been joking about how liberals are terrified of anything changing yet are proud of their identity .
i would be fucking embarrassed yet they come out in droves to put down and shame leftists who push for actual policies
bro why did you have to taint my virgin eyes with the sex !
lol that 's like saying why are you comparing male tv watching to female tv watching '' .
if person a does activity x and person b does activity x they 're doing the same exact thing dude .
all posts must specify your age in the title .
please report sellers using the free flair or any problems you may encounter .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/phonesex if you have any questions or concerns .
why not say that was n't what she was referring to at the table with the ladies ?
do you have a list of all the tool names ?
i would n't know what to search for in the google bar on most of these lol .
alohao i honestly smile everytime i see your name somewhere .
your submission has been automatically removed because you used an emoji or a non-standard character .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/daddy if you have any questions or concerns .
evo ja radim od kuce radno vreme mi pocinjem u devet ujutru da imam fleksibilnost ali ovo sto radim od toga zaradjujem znaci radim osam sati uzmimam pazue onda kada izgorim prestajemsa radom ili usporim plus radim i za klijenta tako da nakon posal sat vremena odmor dremka radim na kompu i kada odmaram odvojims e od kompa i onda uradim sta treba za klijenta u svakom slucaju novac mi je motivacija da ne prokastiniram .
ujutru se trudim da ustanem rano oko 7-8 i uvece lezem oko 10-11 vikend mi je za zajebanciju igrice itd u svakom slucaju trudim se da mi ej svaki dan ispunjen
i 'm drinking it but it 's a bit funky for me !
valid question you 've come to the right place .
for the most part the appearance of cubensis mushrooms is pretty distinctive and while growing you should notice they look like the other pictures you are seeing .
given the specific conditions that different species need and the difficulty in cultivating most species of fungi it is very unlikely you 'll grow a different type of mushroom by accident .
there are molds and bacteria that create toxins that can be harmful to your health .
some bacteria often called blotch can make mushrooms rot a bit as they are growing if they stay too wet for too long .
you 'll see it as it looks dark even totally black and the tissue decays .
but even blotch is usually harmless once the mushroom is dried as the bacteria also dies and only any toxins it 's already made remain behind .
most of these toxins you are likely to encounter are made short work of by healthy digestive and immune systems but there is always risk .
but if it looks ok when you harvest it it 's probably fine to treat it like any food item at that point .
it can spoil quickly unless properly dried and stored but otherwise is no more harmful than an apple you bought at the store maybe less if the apple has pesticides lol
according to a mcdonalds press release on their website https corporate.mcdonalds.com/corpmcd/en-us/our-stories/article/ourstories.changes_to_burger.html they still have chemical preservatives in approximately 1/3rd of their products and some areas continue to not have the 100 beef patties .
as for the nuggets they do not have chemical preservatives anymore but did 12 years ago .
as for your argument below the guy downvoted to hell is mostly wrong now in 2022 but not completely .
what is wrong is you comparing chemically preserved food to fresh food .
not everything we eat has the same chemicals as the fast food equivalents and it 's absurd to so confidently claim that especially in this specific discussion given mcdonalds even makes a distinction .
from switching to 100 fresh beef in our quarter-pound burgers cooked right when ordered to removing artificial preservatives in our chicken mcnuggets and committing to cage-free eggs by 2025 we have made significant strides in evolving the quality of our food said chris kempczinski mcdonald 's usa president .
we know quality choices are important to our customers and this latest positive change to our classic burgers demonstrates our committed journey to leading with the customer and building a better mcdonald's.
as of today nearly two-thirds of mcdonald 's national burgers and sandwiches contain no artificial preservatives artificial flavors and no added colors from artificial sources .
our pickle contains an artificial preservative so customers may skip it if they prefer .
to achieve this change artificial preservative s were removed from mcdonald 's real american cheese big mac special sauce the regular bun the quarter pounder bun also known as the sesame seed bun and the big mac bun .
the bottom of the page specifies the other details mentioned regarding alaska hawaii some us locations and us territories potentially other countries as well still having the old burgers that are not 100 beef .
usually i stay away from music with a heavy focus on lyrics or listen to music in a foreign language but yeah when i read revise etc i 'm always listening to music .
well it 's illegal to bike on the highway in america but being stranded is definitely a lack of foresight issue .
biking in very hot climates is n't the most practical and public transportation is usually awful even in bigger cities .
not being able to afford gas puts you in a terrible situation in america more than other first world countries .
you are n't forced to look at this sub you know that right ?
we find out who really cares during the bad times .
could you give more details on how you did this ?
i 've been considering doing something similar when i get into flight sims
unselfish capitalism is good but finding business owners and ceo 's etc who are willing to have a lower standard of living/earnings to have higher wages for workers is difficult these days .
you can turn it into hash and smoke it that way .
no one gets to pick on our siblings but us .
in hindsight i probably should have waited to buy back my bpt 25ccs july
idk why we always expect them to be smart when it comes to any kind of safety considering they had isla on a jet ski when she was an infant .
per the sidebar please format your title as a question .
your question must be an actual question including a ' ? '
feel free to resubmit your post with a specific question as the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/careerguidance if you have any questions or concerns .
the worst part is he 's buried in a cave called nutty putty .
when you find out someone 's done something bad and you find out who it is that person must face consequences for conspiring and aiding and abetting this abuse .
it will make a big difference to see someone pay for all this the negative consequences of this farce .
yeah for me the only time supernatural horror works is when it 's separated from religion .
movies like the hereditary or the conjuring just do n't do it for me when i 'm not a very religious person .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
accounts must be over three days old and must have both positive comment post karma before they are allowed to post or comment in r/trees .
please do not ask the moderators to approve your comment or post as there are no exceptions to this rule .
to learn more about karma and how reddit works visit https www.reddit.com/wiki/faq .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/trees if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think he 's there to fight sakazuki even tells him not to overdo it .
plus there 's supposedly only one chapter of wano left .
i think he 's either there to do some scouting for the marines not sure how much info the gorosei would tell sakazuki or he is meant to deliver some sort of message/threat to luffy directly from the wg .
it 's also possible he 's more of a good guy and will do his own thing regardless of what sakazuki wants him there for .
i wish i could say the same some day .
i 've had the same handful girls for years that i 've followed religiously pathetic as it may sound it feels like i 've built a relationship with these girls ... keeping myself from checking in on their profiles seeing if they 've posted anything new that excites me is extremely difficult man .
not until they do it and i get the final invoice .
please review your post as it appears that it does not contain the required tags for submission .
all posts after april 1 2017 missing the tags will be deleted from the subreddit .
tags are simply identification within a set of brackets .
start your post title with what you are such as
and then include a country and state/province location such as
be sure that you are using the brackets '' and not the parenthesis '' and that you are including the end bracket .
landlord us-pa what company do you use to screen tenants ?
you will need to resubmit a new post using the correct title .
reddit does n't allow for the editing of post titles after they have been submitted
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/landlord if you have any questions or concerns .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/tiktokcringe/comments/v9cjwz/why_did_the_queen_go_to_the_dentist_jingtv 32 32
i mean it is an element of it 's own and very difficult to master but imho it was way harder to learn planche compared to maltese as the center of gravity is higher and you require more control to balance compared to maltese .
the planche is harder because any mistake in the form will make you either fall or break the form .
however to me maltese more require strength but is less of a balancing move so if you have the strength you should therorically learn maltese faster .
but if you already are pro at balancing planche should be easier .
men are the most hot old humans on the planted ... 🙄
read your characters abilities carefully if you are n't already familiar with how that character works .
for example if there is a rogue carefully read sneak attack and cunning action .
if there is no rogue do not bother learning how they work .
specifically learn about how hiding surprise and invisibility work .
remember that invisibility does nothing more than allow you to take the hide action whenever you want and apply the unseen attackers '' section basically you have advantage and they have disadvantage .
it is easy to locate and attack an invisible enemy and passive perception should make players realize something is there quite frequently .
this does take some effort but once you do this you 're golden for most situations you run into in the future .
it only has to be done until you remember .
preferably all texts posts and polls should be 20 words but this is n't a hard rule .
posts should promote meaningful or substantial discussion—try to provide context and background for others to reply to .
do not post plain panels pages screenshots gifs or scenes of the manga and anime .
if you are posting images make a text post when the image links as the body along with whatever you want to say .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spyxfamily if you have any questions or concerns .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
this is precisely why you do n't ask questions you do n't want the answer to .
nothing is changed except you are aware you are not yet the best sex she 's had .
that can change but if you ca n't get over it move on .
yeah absolutely you 'll notice above i assume the ban on production miraculously works perfectly were able to amend the constitution through the current supreme court tomorrow and the multi trillion dollar us weapons industry makes not 1 single peep about not being able to produce guns domestically anymore .
also we lock down all our borders perfectly not one single gun gets across .
it 'll still take hundreds of years to confiscate and destroy all the guns currently privately owned in the us .
worth noting alcohol was also produced domestically in the 20s .
it is bizarre to me how people can simultaneously be so realistic about how effective bans on drugs and abortions are going to be but live in this fantasy world with respect to far more numerous and dangerous guns .
i ca n't believe ol ' brookline is letting us normal folks onto their property .
he is leaving city because he does not want to be a backup .
why do right wing policy ideas all get downvoted ? ?
👍🏼 just gets concerning when the kids are almost as big as the mama .
😅 sounds like she 's workin ' the process albeit right to the edge .
the despicable part is that she laughs about it as an adult !
she 's mentioned it several times in her videos .
and look how she treats her cats and moose .
she should never be allowed to own another pet .
the conspiracy isnt at the crux about who has more babies its about claiming malicious intent and sabotage by them '' is behind this natural demographic trend which is also temporary that is claimed to be destructive and a big issue that it is destroying society .
said trend is also crucially purely directed by socioeconomic circumstances and isnt about race at all tbw .
when i hear you say the white replacement is a fact '' it feels like a bad trip .
the fact that the birth rate is higher for group x isnt necessarily any kind of societal problem '' .
so no it is not on the list of legitimate concerns and its crazy that you would go on and suggest it is .
i think you should reread your own comments and find out the meaning of legitimate concern '' ...
i didnt ask about your sexuality and i dont see how its of relevance here .
ive met an astonishing number of bisexual fascists especially from
a sexuality dossnt make one left wing or right wing by default ...
though women are not the most privileged group there are absolutely real things that they benefit from that men do not or are actively harmed by .
so what about that is in contradiction w what i said ?
unless you think men are overall more opressed than women in general we agree .
yea i dropped my crit from nearly 40 to around 35 be sure i 'm kyrian and am now trying to stack mastery
yesssss we love it those boobies are a damn snack
have the courts historically ruled in their favor or against them ?
what 's your tolerance benzos you usually take their dosages and frequency
not sure about the crystal ball one but i know there was a perk where you started with a pocket knife but it was never implemented because it was a bit too op .
i 'm still a strong proponent of community cussin ' .
the more the merrier what 's mine is yours !
came here to say her shit hair products and over processed color .
oh and not brushing her rats nest bun on her head every day .
i just scored the bose 900 and 700 bass module at crutchfield for 1450 tax for the pair .
it looks beautiful and connected to my lg nanocell nano90 flawlessly .
yeah i wanted to leave the factory reset as a very last resort since it would wipe out pretty much everything on my phone .
we must have posted at roughly the same time .
it 's not worth anything it 's all fake .
you ca n't take your reddit account with you to death you do n't have friends on here that you 'll permanently lose .
often scan results will be discussed at an mdt meeting with all relevant specialities to decide what the plan would be going forward .
there is little point stating scan or blood results to a patient if their interpretation isnt known yet .
hahahaha dipshit clown get out after that fake pump your prediction is a failure !
vice was really pulled back on that narrative that they pushed for years .
it 's pretty easy to get young men to sign on to bad ideology that they do n't really even believe when those are the only people putting up a fight .
a little bit i always think of bernie sanders explaining the trump victory .
there really is a large segment of the american populace that has been left behind and disregarded as irrelevant or stupid etc ... it 's no surprise that they latched on to a guy like trump .
a relatively cunning guy at least in his prime offering solutions and ideas that helped russians feel pertinent and valuable .
provided a narrative that gave them a common enemy .
i find it hard to imagine how they can make it look like they sent a payment though zelle without actually sending it .
i was n't referencing the fraud bit directly but the entire first bit of what you said .
but here i 'll correct myself you 'll believe almost anything trump tells you wo n't you ?
reminds me of people that put brotherhood on defense back when they were the meta offense team .
both marlo and avon are mentioned as having that name and the guy that gets arrested at the red roof inn in we own this city is nicknamed that as well .
i figured there was probably someone with the name in lots but if the name comes from the reak deandre it may have started there .
my dad only noticed because of my weight loss and he 's noticed some symptoms but other than that i do n't talk about it .
i do n't wan na create a big fuss over nothing if it turns out to be nothing and i do n't wan na self diagnose myself either .
but i still feel that something might be wrong with me i just ca n't tell what .
i do eat throughout the day and try to take care of myself but it still happens .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
my roommate who is into knives got me that one .
the stand is off of thingiverse and this print is a prototype for her to approve before i print her one from wood filament .
i 'm trying to keep in mind that one thing i can count on with btc is that it always surprises me and when everyone is moving in one direction it 's wise to consider moving in the other .
i dont think it 'll go to zero due to the fact that it 's the leading horse by a mile in digital currency .
at this point if it drops to a bottom of a few k i 'll take the opportunity to buy a few coins and hold for the longterm .
it always feels catastrophic in times like this but it rarely is .
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
i appreciate this sentiment but have to ask you to stop feeling bad .
be the man who calls out other men when they say hateful or even casually misogynistic things .
if you 're doing something to help it 's easier to feel angry productive motivated .
what is gme and why should you consider investing ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/qig65g/welcome_rall_looking_to_catch_up_on_the_gme_saga what is drs and why should you care ?
https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/ptvaka/when_you_wish_upon_a_star_a_complete_guide_to low karma but still want to feed the drs bot ?
post on r/gmeorphans here https www.reddit.com/r/gmeorphans/comments/qlvour/welcome_to_gmeorphans_read_this_post join the superstonk discord server https discord.gg/hzqwv2kqtq
please help us determine if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk .
learn more about this bot and why we are using it here https www.reddit.com/r/superstonk/comments/poa6zy/introducing_uqualityvote_bot_a_democratic_tool_to
if this post deserves a place on r/superstonk upvote this comment !
if this post should not be here or or is a repost downvote this comment !
fast tracking does n't really mean it 's getting warpspeeded covid vac it just means they can skip a few steps and combine phases however these steps and combining phases will probably save them months at most and not years .
it also just means there 's greater communication and leeway provided by the fda .
so original estimates could be around 4.5-5 years and dropped down to three or three ish which is still somewhat of a stretch .
best bet is to wait for korea to test for hsv as cp-cov03 seems to be a dual drug and is not just a regular one and done pill .
they will probably have to modify or supplement the drug with something else to get rid of the hsv .
is it weird i 'm i 'm the black sheep and my family coo pop constantly toy with
my emotions and i wish they would just hate me instead
if nothing else can we end the canard that liv golf constitutes competition ? ''
it 's not a competition when you 're bankrolled by a nation 's sovereign wealth fund do n't care how much money you spend do n't have to generate a profit and do n't have to secure sponsors or tv contracts .
if you 're trying to make an appeal to the free market liv ai n't it .
eco friendly packaging is more expensive because companies that use a ton of plastic are n't held legally and financially responsible for their waste .
if cocacola or dawn or whatever had to pay to dispose of their plastic bottles they would figure out more sustainable packaging alternatives .
not sure how the bankruptcy system works in canada though so it may not be the solution for you .
but that 's the problem is you have to get it to a better level .
my brother in law has the bambino and it was easy to use no mods needed and no hacks needed .
the gaggia is what i have and there are little hacks and mods you 'll need for it .
then why does the zinc lobby keep lobbying congress not to end the penny ?
i 'm not saying your reason is n't a contributing factor but to deny that lobbying is helping to keep the penny in circulation is not true .
sugiro você verificar se seu gabinete tem entrada para fans frontais no topo ou embaixo a configuração ideal é sempre essa 1x fan exaustor no fundo 1x fan de recebimento frontal ou abaixo .
procure fans pelo volume de ar que eles possuem capacidade de mover geralmente é escrito com a sigla cfm aqui nas lojas brasileiras consiga fans com movimento de volume de ar similares coloque um bom fan sempre no exaustor do fundo isso é o que mais gera ganhos de redução de temperatura .
se seu gabinete tiver a tampa frontal sólida e você tiver um cascalho para comprar um gabinete novo consiga um gabinete com tampa frontal em mesh aquele metal superficial furado em formato de hexágono por exemplo que dê suporte pra instalar 1 ou mais fans gabinete com tampa frontal fechada ou sem entrada pra intake recebimento de ar pra circular ar novo '' no seu gabinete literalmente mata qualquer custo investido em um cooler bom pro seu processador e faz o seu exaustor ter de tirar ar de lugares bizonhos fazendo uma massa quente encapsular seus componentes .
consiga um cooler daqueles modelos de radiador que tem uma massa termal decente ou um water cooler aquelas bombas com radiadores conectados por cabo os coolers providos pelos fabricantes as vezes não dão conta quando seu uso da cpu é realmente alto a intel é horrível quanto a isso a amd ao menos tem um cooler de respeito mas ainda sufoca comparado a um produto aparte de fabricante alheio .
is it the newspaper without government influence so morgans .
i 'm gon na be saving my game every five minutes just in case !
das was ich geschrieben hab widerspricht nicht deiner these .
das worum es in meinem kommentar ging ist dass ukrainische und russische produkte schrift und kultur so ähnlich sind dass leute im westen die nicht unterscheiden können und dann aus dummheit heraus auch ukrainisches boykottieren .
irakische und amerikanische produkte hingegen sind sehr unterschiedlich und allein von der schrift ist erkennbar was was ist .
daher wäre es hier nie dazu kommen können dass man versehentlich irakische produkte boykottiert während man nur amerikanische zu boykottieren versucht ... weil irakische produkte das arabische skript nutzen und auch generell einfach eine nicht einmal verwandte kultur küche etc .
dass hier auch russophobie im spiel ist hab ich weder gesagt noch abgelehnt .
mir wurde bloß als in deutschland geborener russe durch implikationen immer eingeprägt dass ich nicht russophobie sagen darf weil ich mich dann unnötig als opfer darstelle oder sowas deshalb zögere ich immer damit das wort in den mund zu nehmen .
read thru all the comments and not one person suggested that anyone living on or above the 2nd floor or higher buy a roll-up escape ladder for this eventuality .
or buy a length of thick rope and tie loops in it big enough for your feet .
not only are your a centrist but also the worst type of centrist
ich würde noch weiter gehen und sagen perfekt wäre es wenn man in der kurzen zeit in eine grube oder einen graben kommt .
es kommt aber immer auf die entfernung an ist man zu nah nützt alles nichts .
yeah i always claim less than what i can claim for withholding .
minimizes any potential hit on my taxes when i do them .
yes exchanging currency for items on an in game shop is self sufficient .
or are you saying irons should n't be able to buy runes/ores/dds/dscimmy/mystics/onyxs/obsidian armour/etc ?
a dps that can heal a tankier '' dps and a dps-only class are a solid core .
a warrior a priest and a rogue/hunter/shaman would do well .
warrior can do good damage tank elite mobs/random dungeons priests can buff and heal and rogue/hunter do good dps while leveling have good group utilities and do n't share loot with the others .
a pally a warlock/mage and a druid/shaman would do well together .
pally may not be the best at damage but can collect up a lot of mobs when accompanied by a healer starts at 20 when you get consecrate warlock/mage can do good aoe and single target dps and offer group utility and druids can dps/heal and buff the party along with not sharing loot with the others .
these are just a few examples of possible comps .
despite his meme about the left moving more left musk appears to have moved further right .
for a moment i thought this was annie lennox with brown hair .
i started getting greys in my mid 20 's also .
turns out society lied to us that grey hair only happens to old people !
the nparent will tend to switch their children 's labels whenever it is convenient for them .
money took over football long before the oil clubs era .
clubs have been buying success since the even before the modern era/turn of the century
hers has to be orange coz kesariya tera ishq hai piya .
if i roll just that section i bet i will end up with roller lines ?
i dont get it his contract at psv ends 2023 .
it depends on the type of chocolate and how much theobromine was ingested .
as they beat i need to protecc italian s*nsor ''
sorrow and bliss it might win the women 's prize today .
heads up the author never names the diagnosis and says it does n't related to a specific disorder .
it 's about projecting an image and more so it 's a jobs program .
it provides thousands of easy jobs for ex service memebers and people in general .
pretty sure the tool just drags on the work .
i think abom79 has a video on his youtube channel refurbishing a clapper box .
i would also have redundancy for the vm 's and there is no reason to have a 120gb boot drive .
the wet food is n't his usual food so i think that 's why he was being a bit fussy over it .
i think i 'll serve them separate for him for the next few days so he can choose to just eat the biscuits or eat both .
please re-read all of the rules of the subreddit there are 12 so that you have an understanding of what is/is not allowed as well as know what is required in your post before posting .
please refer to the new announcement pinned post on the subreddit for details and the sidebar for the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/irlgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
tbh i think agents do not want to be embarrassed by their clients lowballing for a variety of reasons .
often an agent may know the house is going to sell for significantly more than a 100k less offer and it frankly makes everyone look bad .
it really was n't necessary to make my point for me .
psg 's accounts will be checked like they are every year .
we dont know the exact terms the club has with the player or if they broke the bank for it or if they are receiving some help from the french gov
there is a process in place and maybe we should wait for that to happen first .
if.. it were me i 'd tell myself to not develop any feelings for n. i may gain a beautiful relationship if all goes well with n but in case it does n't it 's never worth two already healthy friendships .
comon do n't make go through r/eyeblech to find the head
if there 's a kinda guy that 's the bizarro universe answer to adrian monk where instead of a closet of identical neat brown suits he has a closet of identical jags shirts jeff hardy is as good a candidate as any
time for your sister to grow up and be an adult when it comes to jobs .
is it just me or in every photoshoot either apo or mile have like magnus bane vibes ! ? ?
idk man.. uk the eyeliner the hair the rings the sass.. it screams magnus bane..
herschel could n't talk about that son because of herschel 's top secret work for the fbi '' explained herschel .
they realized that not having goldie on top meant that fwar was horribly flawed so they fixed the equations over night
is n't the majority of eth traffic going to go through layer 2 ?
problem is most people want to get fiat rich via crypto nobody wants to get crypto rich .
crypto rich is the long term play here everything else is just bullshit .
im off the kyrgios hype train once again i 'll see you guys again in the wimbledon quarters the site of another outburst .
effettivamente mi sembrano tutte ottime iniziative anche se nessuna di queste è davvero inerente alle pari opportunità o all'istruzione le prime tre sono lavoro/formazione la quarta è servizi sociali quindi in teoria dovrebbe essere competenza della lanzarin .
if you choose to pay it off double check any terms set by your lender on lump sum payments toward principal .
my max lump sum payment towards principal is capped at 50 k year paying the entire balance would incur a penalty .
if i had a nickel for every time a manga i 'm currently reading started an illusory high school arc i 'd have two nickels .
which is n't a lot but it 's weird that it happened twice .
it seems fun if you spend a week with them .
if you live with them you see the reality .
good thing i have friends in out of state places i guess .
nothing that you did in this situation was ableist .
you were one thousand percent right to let your coworker know the amount of danger she was in .
i hope you 're recovering well from your own injuries that he caused with his negligence .
do not file in his town where he is also a first responder !
file in your town where the first responders are n't his coworkers !
if they 've block all possibility to have a love relationship between werewolf and vampire i 'll be extremely disappointed
people should put in their profiles that unsolicited genitalia images will be forwarded to the sender 's entire friends list the ceo of their employer and their pastor .
i only win a small handful of my invasions and usually lose due to overaggression into meta weapons such as rob my point was that you can be good at both without having to only focus on one or the other .
the same skills translate like imagine a venn diagram with 90 of the circles inside each other .
does n't mean we have the willpower to do it though .
probably a cellar spider i reckon https www.wildlifetrusts.org/wildlife-explorer/invertebrates/spiders/cellar-spider https www.wildlifetrusts.org/wildlife-explorer/invertebrates/spiders/cellar-spider
she looks a little similar to the sexiest creature to ever exist waluigi .
he wants to lie about you in front of all your closest friends and relatives pouts when you wo n't go along and he thinks you 're the one with an issue ?
lots of things there seem really concerning and i agree with the recommendations for counseling .
i have no time for popcorn my people need me on the front lines
imagine killing hitler just for him to get replaced with someone that actually wins ww2
sounds like this could be resolved by you not following her or seeing her social media
nobody is or should be ‘opening ' other peoples ‘heart chakras ' .
the visions they have not ‘hallucinations ' generally are generated entirely by themselves the interpretations of said vision are formed entirely by themselves .
at least that 's how it ought to be .
there 's nobody ought to be deluding about casting ‘magic spells ' on people it 's inappropriate .
if they are having delusions that or if someone else is claiming that name on bulky chest hitting item is wanting/forming a love/romantic connection with them they need to step back and re-evaluate what is appropriate and inappropriate in medicine spaces .
one would hope that neither name on bulky item nor your friend have ulterior motives or designs on each other in the medicine space the heart chakra ‘opening ' is an altruistic love for humankind/our planet the bulky item hitting chest is your friend being thankful bulky item introduced them to the medicine circle .
they might have could have romantic interests in each other but love interests ought to be investigated outside the medicine space .
same as when taking mdma for eg anybody can ‘fall in love ' with everybody lol .
and do n't you think that 's a problem a game that need to divide to be able to appeal both pros '' and everybody else .
in my area most funeral processions have to get an escort if they want to break traffic laws lol
imagine how good that is and i 've had good cornbread but my moms is the absolute best .
it 's a cornbread fritter so she does them kind of like pancakes .
your name reminds me of times quite long ago where you could have a presentation in school about pewds sub war xd
b mcdonalds has to actually cook their food the most unbelievable
c they do all this in like 5 minutes .
this is going to sound crazy but try and suggest that he get a brain scan referral .
my first husband was a kind and patient man seriously an amazing dad .
then he kinda just started snapping at everyone and being rude .
he would n't do family activities and i dreaded going to work because i did n't know what state our house would be in when i returned .
i strong armed him into seeing a doc that misdiagnosed him with depression .
a month later he died of a brain tumor on his 34th birthday .
they can cause mood swings and serious changes in behavior .
alright cake day or not you 've had enough .
someone gets recruited gets paid 30k a month food and accomodation provided lives on base .
does army duties and at the end of 4 years gets out with 11 lakhs bulk cash skill certificate which i am sure will be accepted by companies because indian army is not a joke .
say you blow 10k a month on god knows what cos you 're still a teenager
so you 'll have 9.6 lakhs of savings 11 lakhs of gratuity and you 'll come out at 23 when you can still build a career or go on to study at university .
that 's 20 lakhs of bulk cash and 4 years of indian army experience on your cv .
the discipline and army way of life would set you up for professional success .
not to mention the connections and contacts you will make inside .
it was hard telling mine i had a brain tumor and had to have brain surgery and the drs were n't sure how complicated it would be and what could happen from worst case to best .
there are a lot of cars that have an actuator that prevents the gas door from opening when the car is locked and an associated manual override somewhere in the back of the car in case the actuator fails .
i imagine terminal velocity is nothing compared to what a goalie sees in an average game .
how do you feel having another straight guy take it off ?
that is they all facilitate universal healthcare in some way .
i would raise objections like geography demography and culture that are significantly different when you compare the us to nations like norway sweden uk or france .
the u.s. can and does subdivide policies to the supervision of smaller administrative divisions .
culture is hardly relevant the u.s. and france are as different as france and norway and they still manage to have universal healthcare .
much like universal education culture is used as low hanging fruit with little evidence to criticize implementation of universal healthcare .
i agree that our system creates perverse incentives but ironically what you would propose only enhances those .
because the perverse incentives are unwillingness to work or be productive when there are no stakes for inaction
you just wo n't go into horrific debt if you get sick or want an education .
not to mention it is an inhumane philosophy for the only reason for why people would be willing to work is threat of utter destitution .
anyone who is motivated that way is unlikely to be a good worker under any circumstances .
can you cite me the actuarials that predict monetary outcomes for everyone based on location and parent 's wealth please ?
what does the system go by for drafted players ?
last season i had my best wr leave as a junior was a finalist for the biletnikoff and he was drafted in the 6th round .
i had defensive guys who won awards led ncaa in sacks all americans etc and none were drafted .
what 's the criteria bc d pro potential in recruiting sucks lol .
i 've honestly been smiling all day because she 's so happy !
what if you 've got 4 young kids and tons of debt ?
you expect a newspaper to weigh in on politics .
a sporting outlet will occasionally intersect with politics but generally does n't need to .
good luck but you 'll never see it again .
but i have no idea how a point and click choose your own adventure beat ... any full blown game .
wrong the amount of undeveloped and no resource land is immense .
climate change estimates on the middle range are not disastrous and take zero prevention efforts into account .
anyone who thinks like you hates america and humanity .
actually it was bell now you mention it damn near the same .
nope why would i ever want to do that ? ?
i love to serve and please nice big cocks !
strong female character that all the men underestimate and end up losing a fight to her
had to go through literally all 12 masks to get mikaela 's which took hours including the one 's in matches where i could n't find it before the match ended .
but i finally got her mask and that 's enough dbd for the day
there are thousands of graphic design jobs that pay well over 50k a year with 40 hour weeks .
linkedin is full of them and every day there are new ones
upvoted all your recent posts do help a mate out !
right ... if would be on hbo you would n't shit on it .
just keep in mind that if one of your lanes lose and you 're helping another lane and they fight every time you 're not near it 's your fault for some reason
i ca n't stand walmart just because everyone there is always in your way .
and so many fucking rude ass people in those scooter carts pushing infront of you at the checkout lane
there is a facebook group called dfw roommates or something like that .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=jaimemaine .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
watching the blood drain from the inquirers face after they realize it 's true is satisfaction of the highest degree .
s1mple won 19 of those mvps and 16 events with electronic by his side .
zywoo won 12 mvps while winning just 6 events won .
seems like zywoo is already in same level as s1mple because he came to t1 scene in 2019 only while s1mple has been there since 2014 .
we live in america all companies hate us nothing new there .
but at least with gh the kind individuals ordering and tipping well help make up the difference .
i think i have to go find an ember .
i ca n't see in the sm codex the ability to equip it with a multi melta ?
excuse me do you have on tap the new release from ' drop table customers
you better have the sds for that in your binder !
i can recognise some halo helmets there but no one is odst
he 's washed up regardless of whatever he 's doing
i 'm not arguing the merits of these controversies but well they do n't have these things in africa '' as if america has a monopoly on this kind of nonsense does n't really stand up .
as another example in ireland the government tabled a commemoration for the royal irish constabulary who were basically a british invading hostile force which was met with a public backlash .
we were told to be more inclusive and sensitive '' .
the contradictory woke nonsense is n't exclusively american as your comment seemed to imply
in the united kingdom air conditioning units are indeed very rare my family currently had one fitted a couple of years ago because we knew the record breaking heat every summer was getting very unpleasant !
that way teams can really prepare for the bo5 to earn their spot in masters
the lids come apart if you twist the top and bottom .
the rubber seal comes off that ca n't be washed in the dish washer .
i think you can on dm but is it okay if i dm you ?
i 've never had my hair colour done at all and i just had some qs bc i 'm so scared
you 're right i thought something looked off about the bumper .
not that it really matters in the end gen 1 twins are pretty much identical lol .
it 's not a zero in his name it 's an uppercase o
that 's their special power they 've been doing it since they were shit lol
spam is against the rules on all social media platforms .
when you give up a homer to marwin you know you fucked up
autos most times work better indoors in more controlled environment but since it 's a auto your plant is still gon na produce buds .
they did n't have a car they could drive .
they wasted the money they got from selling one and totaling the other car they had .
they used a work truck to drive around which would not be ok to take on a road trip and too expensive anyway .
i see the same people complain that their passes do n't go the direction they input .
this comment has been automatically removed because your reddit account is too new or you do not have enough karma .
the minimum criteria will not be disclosed so do not ask .
please read the rules and the posts at the top of the sub for more information do not message the moderators until you have done this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wouldyoufuckmywife if you have any questions or concerns .
if you end up wanting one i hve the supplies right now and can start right away but paypal is better as etsy gouges me
if he 'd had an extra second he would have gone for the 360 noscope tackle .
thanks my phone ca n't zoom in that far .
what 's the place called that you this scrumptious meal at ?
i like this idea especially because adin ross 22 years old would be the youngest guest on h3h3
they are a courageous generation of ukranians reminding us that you have to fight for the freedom that you enjoy .
whatcha y'all mean it 's uncle dana 's pocket book with these raising ppv costs
i 've been doing the same for her but i wish i could eat and be covered in someone else 's so bad honestly 🤤
i posted in r/nhl but i figured going to the teams ' subreddits would be helpful too .
basically i 'm looking for an nhl team to be a fan of and see if i can really get into the sport i 've basically ignored for my whole life .
i 've narrowed it down to your toronto maple leafs minnesota wild and st. louis blues .
anybody have any opinions or relevant information to help me make this decision ?
if you are getting nasty pm 's please see this post for more info https reddit.com/r/madeofstyrofoam/comments/ifpka3/reopened_mos .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/madeofstyrofoam if you have any questions or concerns .
also „zero bitches is a meme or like a fix term in like gaming communities and stuff
i 'd argue airing this bozo 's temper tantrum is worse for the game of golf than liv .
do not use paypal friends and family or any other form of payment e.g .
click here to learn how to leave feedback and increase your flair count .
users swap reputation can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want more detailed information click send on this message .
if you believe you have been scammed please fill out this form https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/vinylcollectors subject=i 20think 20i 20have 20been 20scammed message 20username 20of 20the 20person 20scamming 20me 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20the 20thread 20where 20the 20transaction 20originated 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20link 20to 20screenshots 20uploaded 20to 20imgur 20of 20my 20conversations 20with 20the 20scammer 20 0d 0a 0d 0a 20an 20explanation 20of 20the 20situation 20 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vinylcollectors if you have any questions or concerns .
people act like all boomers were handed a golden ticket .
he got a job and had lifetime employment though admittedly he worked his ass off did 11 years of shift changes every 2 weeks 2 weeks on morning shift 2 weeks on afternoon 2 weeks graveyard with five kids and rarely had a weekend where he was not on call .
me i got shafted on wages because i was a woman and men needed the money more for their families '' yes i got told that .
my first long-term job offered a pension but invested all the money in a jojoba bean farm and lost it all .
i finally started making decent money in my 40s by taking a horrible corporate job .
got laid off hired back and then wages stagnated .
i achieved financial stability by having my parents die .
the decent money my dad made is now my savings in case anything bad happens .
unless the drop goes longer and deeper than expected and you buy stocks prematurely on the way down .
i posted an article in my sub about it a few weeks back .
about how people went broke instead of getting rich as they bought the dot com crash .
i 'm a little older than most rl players and i can safely say that learning to ignore and not worry about others toxicity .
i personally enjoy an edible when i play rocket league .
gives me great focus lots of fun and absolutely do n't care what toxic players think .
you 'll find a good teammate one day and never have to deal with that crap again
well my bank 's fees make even less sense for international wire transfers
i also hate that i 'm basically forced to go in person because their online form has a character limit so it 's impossible to enter long company names and addresses like chinese companies often have but chinese banks require that to match exactly .
hello beautiful i love your sexy body and look forward to future posts ! !
please check our top sticky review the rules and read our wiki/faq before posting https www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/wiki/rules .
if your post complies with our posting rules and it is relevant to the sport of bodybuilding i.e. not just relevant to fitness or general lifting message the mods and we will look at it .
if your post or question is not detailed enough but still relevant to r/bodybuilding you can post a comment on daily discussion thread to get it answered .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bodybuilding if you have any questions or concerns .
i have n't watched season 6 yet but i feel he is trying to disappear into the background but his past self was too big to hide
the obsession begins i hope this is the start of grate things
the prequels have always sucked and the quality of the modern movies have no effect on that .
saying they 're good is an insult to the entire industry .
like las vegas with a side trip to zion or lake tahoe and reno .
it is from real housewives the way i remember it is she was being beaten by her husband and keeping it a secret he actually beat her up when they went to the super bowl one year .
one of the women on the show brought it up in front of everyone at dinner the husband ended up committing suicide after they separated and he was having legal action taken against him
tabloids are reporting badly on this this is for people whom are telling people to kill themselves and harrassing and bullying them online not insults .
it 's for cases like the case that started it where a wrestler was bullied and told to kill themselves over and over and it broke them and they eventually did .
telling someone to go fuck themselves will still be fine just not stalking them around online and telling them to neck themselves and their family would be better off if they died etc
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigasses if you have any questions or concerns .
those joules can be used to power cities instead instead of whales .
cdu can be a pretty dangerous place is my caveat to this where tricky or unclear patients get stuck who do n't have an obvious enough diagnosis to be admitted but also someone 's worried are n't safe to go home but they ca n't be sure exactly why.. can be a ticking time bomb !
read an awful si recently of an anp managing someone like that in cdu and seen others before this .
i think you do need a doctor heavily involved there for safety ?
maybe just an sho/middle grade to review almost obv if it 's literally the most basic thing than no every patient pre discharge ?
this is as bad as smoking chairs and stools should be applicable for raised taxes just like cigarettes .
desk jobs should pay employees more for increased health risks .
where do you live where the minimum bike lane width is 4 feet we 're lucky to get 2 ' in hampshire if there 's a bike lane at all .
i finally caught you lol i got one of these dm me
dirt or just being brought into an organization through association or mutual destruction avoidance .
or some weird idea that popped up in a sex n coke induce trance .
your submission has been automatically removed because you do not meet the minimum karma requirements to post .
please participate in other subs before posting here to make sure you are legit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boyfriendmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
a psychiatrist said that i am probably on the spectrum but i could n't be bothered to keep going even though i had more sessions to pay for .
some music does touch me mostly political or religious but i listen to it over and over again and it becomes bad .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=just_in3458 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
will we ever see vince on wwe tv again ?
get your nose on gentle fluidity silver if you want to feel the impulse to sell your coffee machine too
that edging has been going on for a long time now ...
your flair will update once your partner replies to your comment .
u/coctomusprime please reply to the above comment with your feedback only after your transaction is complete and both sides have received their end of the transaction .
once you reply you will both get credit and your flair scores will increase .
u/coctomusprime if you did not complete a transaction with this person please do not reply to their comment as this will confirm the transaction .
instead please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=r/knife_swap subject=incorrectly 20tagged 20confirmation message=u 2fjohnnyrockt1 20incorrectly 20tagged 20me 20in 20this 20comment 3a 20https 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fcomments 2fvau25b 2f 2fick1qbv so we can contact the user and handle the situation .
try playing ranked or duos on playstation on sg server then .
even trios takes like 3 minutes to find a game .
all the inquisitors have the same type of lightsaber and maul 's saber in rebels was taken from an inquisitor .
a pa se kdaj vprašaš zakaj kradejo in delajo kriminal disproporcionalno ?
ker valda ne boš rekel da je to nekaj v njih samih takega da če se rodiš rom boš kradel ali pač ?
i mean i get it but i get the feeling half of americans would get into a heated argument with you and start blaming liberals .
just a reminder to pump those ethfin bags and upvote the daily 🔼
i 'm laying here begging my brain to shut off so i can sleep .
they only know part of you so only what they can know returns .
since i did n't own the disney app before they changed the minimum os requirement i ca n't download/downgrade the app even with appstore
i still do n't or ca n't own due to minimum os requirement .
objects in the background are static so they are n't distracting when playing and it 's really easy to recognize what 's in the background but thanks a lot .
esofttools nsf to pst converter software helps users import nsf to outlook without any complications .
it can import files and data from lotus notes to many formats such as eml emlx csv msg html pst and many other formats .
it has also a free demo version which helps users to know about this software and its working process .
with this demo version everyone can import their 25 lotus notes files into outlook before the purchases .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kelsisshsbsbsb .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
the first time one of them looks at you funny and asks why you 've got shoes on is probably the moment
at this time hedgefucks are trolling us if anything they can keep kicking this can down the street for all eternity .
just a matter of time until they 're back on their feet fully operational .
great stuff loving the glitchy spaced out sound design .
yeah but i 'm actually liking the overnights so it 's all good
that 's true but the difference is i do n't have to calculate the cgt until i sell the bitcoin .
fugliwankenobi gave me this link https community.ato.gov.au/s/question/a0j9s0000001iqxeam/p00047161 which answered my question .
since i plan to hold i do n't have to worry about reporting it when i do my tax this year .
do n't thread on me so i can thread on you . ''
how much did that reduce the cost for you ?
as a girl you give me a sweet kind guy who does n't need to be loud and bombastic for attention .
what was he supposed to do help the nazis conquer the soviet union and allowing them to kill even more people ?
in poland europe it is illegal to wash your car anywhere but in a dedicated car wash station that has a dedicated contaminated water tank and concrete floor etc ...
the two rules that i can see to add assassins are
agent of the imperium to add an assassin to a battleforged army without using a force org slot to be battle forged you only need to have every unit in a detachment so surely that assassin could be the warlord ?
the other rule that i have seen to add assassins is the execution force which i think you probably ca n't have a warlord in even though the assassins have the imperium keyword you need them to be the warlord before you add them to your list to make the detachment .
you 're way too hung up on that one thought experiment .
references to schrödinger 's cat indicate a very surface level understanding of qm so you 're probably not onto something here and need to learn more about this .
why should they be forced to hide that though ?
we had a standoff here in sydney australia a few years ago by an isis sympathiser and after the perpetrator shot a man the police accidentally shot a pregnant woman hostage after they stormed in .
you act as if it 's only the killers that are ruining games .
when there are also survivors that are bringing full meta perks+items and addons to end the game quickly .
nta you need to start your own life and your parents need to be either better employers or look for a different career .
someone in another thread suggested that i could open the laptop and disconnect the factory screen to see if it would then output to the hdmi port .
that did n't work so i went ahead and ordered the adapter .
ours is simple enough to make so it never feels like too big of a chore .
40 obesity rate over 60 overweight the majority are in fact fat .
a human can stretch his asshole up to seven inches without getting permanent damages .
a raccoon can pass holes up to 3-4 inches so 2 raccoons could fit in your asshole .
i think they mean we face a mass extinction of marine life
you can try posting it in there this is a discord for all skill levels
they have like a whole category just for dance vids
i expect this to be dependent on the planets atmosphere .
everyone has to start the game somewhere and the best way to learn new things is by asking !
you can use all sorts of signs and posters .
i personally prefer a sign where you can load a custom image on pc at least to make it look like a real poster in a theme park .
when you select the sign you have a button to advertise a specific ride shop or facility .
you can check one of the pre-built shops from the game to see .
the menu 's and big logo 's of the building are all signs to advertise the actual shop inside the building .
it 's very clean and you 've smashed the cable management which is great but i think some decoration greenery maybe or personal touches would help bring it to life .
well that 's nothing now ... were up to 100 trillion and counting..this next trillion to ukraine will never make it all to their borders..always a middleman '' in washington to feed some to off shore accts ... .move along now .
your post has been removed since it is missing a location tag i.e .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
okay this is a bethesda game sir you need to be saving way way way more often .
try loading a previous autosave if that does n't work then restart your machine or fast travel somewhere else .
do not engage with vendors '' in your dms info about scammers https www.reddit.com/r/weed/wiki/information/scammers
selling or attempting to source drugs is against site-wide terms of service and is an immediate non-reversible permanent ban .
lastly please report any posts/comments that you see breaks the rules .
help keep r/weed a more inviting atmosphere for everyone !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/weed if you have any questions or concerns .
i assume you want actual mine cuts and not single cut ?
you 're generous contribution has funded the government for 10 minutes .
she is so criminally underrated in terms of her sex appeal .
i 'm rn touring india and the temperatures here are way above 30°c .
and being a pastry chef on a tour to teach french patisserie i 'm bound to make macarons .
and if you 're not allergic then non dairy whipped cream also works wonders .
where do you think this money comes from though ?
so before everyone says levy is a hero just remember it 's you that 's paying for it all .
used to buy a pint at the local and support some local people and now you buy it in the stadium to pay someone some absurd salary .
thank you for your interest in contributing to r/naughtywives !
your recent post was automatically removed because you are not verified .
only verified and approved users are allowed to post in r/naughtywives
to become a verified naughty wife send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/naughtywives with an imgur link to at least 3 color pictures of you or your wife/girlfried/milf holding a handwritten slightly crumpled paper sign that includes
if you are verified in another large sub r/cutelittlebutts r/hotmoms r/asstastic and others feel free to send a link to the album you used to modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/naughtywives
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtywives if you have any questions or concerns .
the argument other dogs are more aggressive are just so pathetic and just shows the lack of brain cells this people have .
it does n't fucking matter if a chihuahua is more aggressive .
a chihuahua tries to attack me or my dog and he is getting a kick that will send him to the fucking moon .
now a dog that is pure muscle bred to kill with a powerful bite that can kill a grown adult is something to worry about .
i have no chance to fight against a pit bull .
how fucking hard is to understand such a simple idea ?
aggression means nothing if the dog has no power to hurt .
facts and science means absolutely nothing to people who want to be delusional and believe lies .
be well and prepare to accept large sums of tendies .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
you i have genuinely no idea why i hated it so much i 'm usually into the psycho murder plot lines but after watching two seasons of that show i could not go on for another one .
if it were n't for the leviathan confirming it happened i 'd be skeptical too .
just wanted to know is there anything like this for android as well ?
it 's normal to have multiple once-in-a-generation financial crises in like 15 years .
anyways let 's all shut the fuck up and get back out there to return value to shareholders
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's an adult fun also i think drag could be scary to kids .
good thing you 'll never be a guy she 'd consider dating
while in theory you could keep the room 30 degrees to prevent heat loss every time they became stressed or otherwise increased heart rate which is going to be often let 's be honest then you will need to adjust the room temp down to prevent overheating then back up again .
the person 's body has lost 99 of the tools it has to regulate its own temperature .
so any heat increase or heat loss becomes a runaway process unless the external temp is just right .
yeah i agree with it does n't stand a whole lotta chance against the current meta
no it does n't it just says it 's related to the night club map .
that does n't explain what the copyright infringement actually is .
is there a tv somewhere playing a disney movie ?
which company made the claim and for what reason ?
of course now that i 've read the more helpful comments on here i saw it 's because of the club name .
copped some dock linen pants and a yellow camp shirt perfect for my italy trip next month .
in some way 's he 's out of line but he is n't wrong .
unfortunately your post has been removed because you have made more than 3 submissions in the last 24 hours .
perhaps you mean it 's possible to begin to believe you have created a second independent personality .
i 'll say that without knowing what this is .
i 'm in with the camp of skeptics on dissociative identity disorders though .
the idea of truly ‘independent ' personalities is controversial and there are theories that cases of did are presentations of other disorders and in a few cases likely effects of coercive conditioning by some psychologists on patients .
certainly there are patients with dissociation and the concept of identity is something that can have an associated disorder but the idea of multiple ‘accessible ' and ‘distinct ' identities is dubious .
it certainly is a popular topic and ‘fun ' go-to for movies and tv shows though i feel it 's sensationalism maybe precisely why the disorder is diagnosed .
just joined why does tedesco look like a war victim
the bot literally says hard i ca n't even get past the first real boss
even if they had only 24 in session days and how many that they could have used in addition had they realized it was a historic opportunity and not time to go back to their districts or taking an intern to bermuda etc .
verification with us is mandatory if you wish to post your own content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
just to add to this often but not always you can also see the white and pus filled patches towards the top of the throat .
as i remember from my virology lectures this often does n't happen with viral infections .
last article i read about this said he started this business by mowing lawns which seemed a bit of a stretch .
menemen at turkitch is not 100 the same but very tasty .
what can be considered more manly than to dominate another man ?
thank you u/silent_ninja_3597 for posting your submission has been successfully posted in r/emogirlsgw !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/emogirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
lure the eagle to the other side and sneak under it .
imagine how different things would be if kevin 's toe was n't on the line against the bucks in game 7
dude that 's super cool if you do n't mind me asking how expensive was it ?
aaaaaah not to give you anxiety or whatsoever gwen~sama but the bunnies on top of the detolf will be hard to dedust aaaahh
how tf am i single when this dudes got a decent looking girl and openly fucking his mom 😭
as a trans person and this is in response to your comment on gender changes got fuck yourself
as a former af officer the worst '' conditions i was ever in was during field training in which i had to share a room with 1 other person and a bathroom with another 2 people ... and this was only for four weeks .
once i was active duty it was live off base unless you are married then you get a whole house . ''
no way 3d elastic man online love that game way better than 3d elastic man battle royale
i googled it cause i remember the jourdain fight .
was scheduled for a fight july 2021 but pulled out cause injury .
his biggest issue right now is if he does n't have the ball or is n't guarding the guy with the ball he is in la-la land .
he just kind of stands and watches the game .
that 's why he 's so quiet outside of the occasional flash when he 's on-ball and does something crazy .
i see so many similarities between poku and dieng .
i dunno if that 's a good thing a bad thing or completely meaningless .
hoooowwww i 've been trying and trying and i ca n't get it
nice rational comment lol sorry i ca n't predict the future every time
we 've a lovely set of upgrade guides available if you plan on upgrading your current platform !
here 's a v2 gearbox guide https docs.google.com/document/d/1dbcwmsq9bdjlwvrerypruqgxu4repfxtqiopevvyp7o/edit the information needed for upgrading any aeg version gearbox should also be very similar albeit with version-specific parts along with an inner barrel guide https www.reddit.com/r/airsoft/comments/gch9sy/2020_ultimate_inner_barrel_guide ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf bucking guide https www.reddit.com/r/airsoft/comments/g810yp/2020_ultimate_hopupbucking_guide ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf hpa guide https www.reddit.com/r/airsoft/comments/g0ze3k/hpa_2020_guide bolt-action sniper rifle guide https www.reddit.com/r/airsoft/comments/5rejui/holy_grail_bolt_action_sniper_guide_building_a dmr guide https www.reddit.com/r/airsoft/comments/5g58ia/holy_grail_dmr_guide_updated_for_20167 all set up for questions just like this for gbbs try the searchbar https www.reddit.com/r/airsoft/comments/ermk33/how_to_use_the_searchbar_hoc_guide_series ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf for build lists .
if your question is unrelated to modification please let a mod know via modmail if you want the comment removed !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/airsoft if you have any questions or concerns .
i would wait until you caught a wif of my weed smoke .
ah yes as soon as they run out of arguments they all of a sudden did n't ask .
something about the colors is just so pretty to look at .
because it makes it harder for us to build a championship team if brunson is making 28 million a year instead of 20 million
worked a help desk with an incredibly disgusting t1 team lead thought he would become a successful comedian made gross ass comments about women from our 3rd floor office in a downtown area had tantrums and threw he headset would not wash his hands after taking a dump would literally escalate tickets with no notes or assign tickets with no notes because it 's something you 're better at was completely unable to pick up new skills beyond the most basic shit .
stared at his phone all shift until our boss put a camera in the office
same company had a t2 who literally got half his closures taking t1 calls and calling over to me to reset passwords if we got an outage call he would make me take it and escalate it myself essentially because he did n't know what to do and it 'd seem less bad if a semi new t1 was incompetent than someone who supposedly had 30 years of it experience .
also opened a phishing email and put his credentials in which ended up spreading the email throughout the entire company got hundreds of accounts compromised the call queue stopped counting around 50 on hold .
neither person ever fired it ops manager complete dipshit and poor leader said he remembered what it was like to be a young hot headed guy and as far as the t2 he said that he 's invaluable when it comes to dealing with optical equipment .
i want to host chillafest on my new property .
not regardless i think only when they are n't gon na be sustainable or it was helped made by someone unwanted or something along those lines then it 's necessary .
same here saw the booth at a conference and thought it looked cool
i 'm glad that my wife had helped make me less of the dick head than i was before .
i certainly always grew up to respect women or anybody no matter who they were .
except nazis and extremists and all the things that you would think would be regularly hated .
i do n't understand how it 's hard to comprehend how a woman should be solely in charge of their own body .
gentleman if you 're worried about this or your spouse is suddenly wanting to be intimate with you .
also stop speaking for something that you do n't have any right to .
and because i know some of you are dense that are going to read this .
unless you 're a woman stop writing/voting legislation for them unless it 's to protect them ...
i won like six cars today with a wide range of values among them .
first they came for the socialists and i did not speak out—because i was not a socialist .
then they came for the trade unionists and i did not speak out— because i was not a trade unionist .
then they came for the jews and i did not speak out—because i was not a jew .
then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me . ''
and that 's great for you and your dil i and many others would hate it .
i ca n't really say anything to that theory .
though wether it was pre-planned with a plant or the actions of violent racist taking advantage of a situation in the moment his motives were still the same to punch her in the face .
if you dont rock and stone you aint comin ' home
lots of layoffs going on biglaw again so maybe they just asked him to get rid of a bunch of people on the way out .
if you do end up looking for another job boutique firms are the best as far as salary and job security go imo .
and i mean actual boutique firms since every small firm calls themselves a boutique nowadays lol .
take the 30 min commute over the 90 min commute .
you will come out with equivalent degrees regardless of which university you pick .
if you only have to commute for 60 mins a day you will have more time and energy left over for studying and the other things in your life .
commuting eventually becomes exhausting and for me it 's contributing to burnout
he 's not quite walking yet and hes just getting his hands around vocalization .
every time this greentext pops up here it makes me really really anxious .
i want him to be happy in life and i wanthim to know his self worth and i want him to feel loved and supported .
i 'm not the one who chose for them to get paid when you read the article with it 's inflammatory claims like a moth drawn to a flame .
i do n't believe a fetus is a human until maybe the third .
numerous species abort if they know they ca n't put 100 into the baby .
i 'd like mine a lot more if it had a higher end processor and a bigger battery .
if the pixel 5 had used a snapdragon 865 instead of the snapdragon 765g and had a 5,000mah battery instead of the tiny 4,000mah battery it would be great
miscarriages are coded as abortions their medical term is spontaneous abortion and depending on where that women lives she could be arrested and investigated for it if she sought health care and they deemed it an abortion not a miscarriage .
i feel like santa monica will make mimir slowly gray throughout the game without telling us and he dies before its too late or you have to kill freya in order to to undo his death ?
i have an allergy that makes my feet swell but anyone could see it and i also break out in hives .
never heard of an allergy that causes invisible swelling .
and you 'll end up back in involuntary commitment when you have another episode .
i tried to kms at one point bc of my issues so i do n't wan na hear this cry baby bullshit .
sometimes it is so difficult to distinguish between r/moviedetails and r/shittymoviedetails
i should 've preface this before i more am getting my girlfriend into the game and all she pulled were fire dark att so i was throwing together a fire drk team and was seeing the thoughts on him as a run of the mill leader
your question has been flagged as a simple question or faq thus your post has been removed .
if you are asking about common topics including but not limited to
content functions how to use certain vehicle functions how a property works what clothing items affect etc .
please use our weekly simple question and faq thread https www.reddit.com/r/gtaonline/comments/vitc0e/simple_question_and_faq_thread
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gtaonline if you have any questions or concerns .
the op hangs out in r/fuckcars where the cool thing is to hate on suburbs all day .
how for a few dollars more is n't on this lists gets me .
the other two are great also but for a few dollars more is just better .
most registered voters at least in texas do n't vote at all especially when it comes to anything outside of the presidential election or the governor .
you can say the lack of vote is the same as a vote but it 's definitely not a majority endorsement or approval of the winning representatives by americans .
you have elected representatives where maybe 1 out of every 30 registered voters actually voted for them specifically .
without an onus to vote like some cataclysmic change in policy or legislation people do n't actually care that much .
basically every representatives job is to be as ineffectual and inoffensive as possible while drumming up enough wins to warrant their party 's support without doing anything to invoke the ire or attention of the other side lest the pendulum swing too harshly in the opposite direction or otherwise foster unrest .
there 's some places where you could make more than that as a private nanny .
it would interesting to see which role each pepino sees themselves as .
resident evil 7 the dlc trophies were kind of frustrating to acquire but still fun .
madhouse was a blast although jack baker 's movement was bonkers .
i also have a platinum trophy for slay the spire also a great game !
i feel the premise of the group was never full explained honestly .
so you got alot of dudes that never dealt with studs on here only cause they seen some videos on pornhub .
and they think dealing with a stud is like dealing with a straight woman .
but on the other hand alot of the guys that have dealt with studs before and understand how it goes have unfortunately only been contacted by the studs that have no clue what they want .
because from what i can see over 90 of the studs on here only into talking and exploring a fantasy that they know they 'll never actually wan na do anything other then talk about .
which is perfectly fine just make it known your looking only for a pen pal .
and then the inconsistent communication from studs is what turns most the dudes off .
weather is looking for just friendship or dick be 100 right from the beginning about what your intentions are because inconsistent communication makes any kind of setup impossible .
no one wants to feel like they getting played with .
i really wish the old personals from craigslist came back somehow .
but the fault is on both sides each side to busy trying to stay anonymous '' but that 's gon na have to go out the window at some point tho weather you want a pen pal fwb or just a hook up .
wow you really do think you get to decide what a joke is .
that 's just sad how you think everyone needs to share your worldview .
i 'm not going to explain something that is so simple even a child could understand it .
as others have already pointed out these are complicated bits of kit and the deployment already started many months ago with crew training .
this turnaround '' you talk about already happened in the early days of the war .
thats the only reason i can imagine thefts being so common .
since it seems the fedex drivers know whats inside ?
bc i can tell you 're also a man of taste my favorite line during this simulation has been ... . yeah they found the cure it 's under bldg 7 .
gaby was abt 30 and also the actress in the start of the series but yeah it was kinda grooming
if you ever were in appalachia you would understand but it was a joke .
i go to places i 've never been yet remember fondly .
places that do n't exist yet i know where they are .
sometimes to places i have n't lived in years .
i 'm a dual blades main and the only reason i did emergency apex zinogre is because i have this thing where i have to solo every quest at least once but even regular apex zinogre used to kick my butt .
once i got both crowns i did n't bother fighting him again and i 'm definitely not setting speedrunning records by any means but valstrax is just a quick 10 min stroll that i enjoy doing every now and then on the other hand emergency apex zinogre is just pain for me
she said so herself she 'll not let others speak ill of her pursuing her own purpose not even us or something like that .
i was so ready to hate on her for a billion petty reasons but whether it 's her personality her edit or both she 's turned out to be my favorite .
she seems to know who she is and her worth which is great to see in any woman especially a 19yo .
at worst she is or comes off as arrogant but i find it more entertaining than off-putting .
it 's reality tv so who really knows but i enjoy rooting for her atm .
warum sind gerade die 10y-bund yields so steil eingebrochen ?
ich sehe als brechende nachrichten nur dass der robert um 10 uhr die alarmstufe gas ausrufen möchte .
please take your autism medication because what you 're saying does n't make sense ... at all .
and women do n't routinely make complaints that are fake to hr .
i believe that the price will move up at the end of the year
i post about tvshows do you think my page just got shadowbanned ?
at the same time my fyp is full of tvshow content that goes viral so i do n't really understand why i would be shadowbanned
this one on ideas to spice up isolating '' languages https www.reddit.com/r/conlangs/comments/ugylwz/ideas_for_an_isolating_conlang
corrections of some common misconceptions about analytic/isolating languages https www.reddit.com/r/conlangs/comments/8fj4ub/analytic_conlang_questions
i watch it every halloween and it 's always decently entertaining love the setting
i 'd buy it just to watch the cinematics albeit you can watch on youtube !
definitely a lot of people hated it once he left the show and rudy came in .
i preferred it nathan was just so one dimensional with being a prick .
unfortunately your submission has been removed as your account does not meet the minimum positive comment karma threshold of twenty 20 to participate in r/mariokarttour .
you must participate in other discussions before being able to submit a post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mariokarttour if you have any questions or concerns .
no i havent but this is also because i dont wish to be in debt as ive already accrued so much .
i have been an auto-didactic programmer since i was 12 years old .
im fluent in several computer programming languages and possess a deep understanding and ability to grasp and interpret systems .
this includes complex forms of mathematics and science even physics and metaphysics .
of course i 'm an artist and dabble in many creative art forms design and expression including music and fashion .
so the problem is that i 'm not without skill or trade im without a healthy mental configuration to employ any of it effectively .
i need therapy i need human interaction i need to experience normal things someone my age does not just watch from afar as my peers do .
i do plan on getting my ged once i can get my credit score to stop falling by paying off my debt
i planted a variety called heatmaster that i picked up at a home depot or lowes .
and tragically every single symptom will return the minute the party 's over and it 's back to ✨rest and healing✨
and the political centre does n't change from country to country regardless of how far right the right wing party is or percieves itself to be
everyone was saying it bombed but over half of the negative reviews boil down to disney gay agenda ! ''
can i dump heavy loads in each of your holes ?
what makes true the vote a reputable source instead of a bunch of stupid con men ?
his gf is begging for some specific genes just sayin
yeah love that specially because why heels should be friends in the first place ?
they are cutting the cost by this for the profit by adding cabbage business tricks ''
what 's a good average time to learn ui/ux every day ?
i currently have a full-time job as a senior graphic designer and i 'm trying to venture out into ui/ux field .
it 's quite hard to balance learning while working since there are some days that i 'm pushing pixels all night long .
subhanallah reading it both backward and normally have very similar meaning and are on the same topic/scope
barty had to confound the cup to think there was a fourth school .
he 's guranteed to be selected but it required some manner of magical skill .
i 'm sure the 8 people who watched this would have found it highly amusing
it is quite sad and disturbing that he ca n't rely on his mother to protect him .
the nanny instinctively picked him up to sooth and protect him .
i scream out moans of pleasure ... wildly twisting my body around.. trying to shake you off ... my back arch so high in the air ...
after losing aunt may those strikes might not have been full power but they were definitely nothing someone even an enhanced human would just take and laugh .
the fact that you saw the physical struggle in tobys and toms face combined with the pure hatred in toms face when toby blocked that glider tells a lot .
those were n't i 'm gon na show you pain strikes .
well if bashing bjp india and indians is therapy for you while licking white people 's ass then good for you
click here to private message https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=joker860 u/joker860 .
be sure to use the report button if this user solicits you for goods or services .
as a reminder we do not communicate usernames or other personally identifying information in the comments section .
do not tell the user to pm you click the link above to get in touch .
the user will be given a notification after you click send and there is no need for you to thirstily remind them that you 've messaged them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
the statue of liberty final fight was too patriotic for china
your post was removed because it contained a sexist term .
you should receive a message from the automoderator telling you the exact term the post was removed for .
avoiding slurs takes little effort and asking us to get rid of the filter rather than making that minimum effort is a good way to get banned .
do not attempt to circumvent the filter with creative spelling circumventing the filter will result in a permaban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latestagecapitalism if you have any questions or concerns .
haven‘t even considered it because most countries don‘t require vaccines just a test certificate .
if that stays that way we can write it off
i am happy now i can fully display all keycaps in set including number areas .
i think you are getting confused about cost of living .
food is cheap here because the cost of making that food is cheap in india .
rice wheat etc would cost less in india then in usa .
my side gig is investing into day trading and it 's has proven profitable and reliable .
reach out to .. https t.me/ngooner on telegram to learn how it all works .
this post has been removed because the title was not in the specified format .
age r4r location/anywhere title that describes exactly what you 're looking for
please check this post https www.reddit.com/r/r4rindia/comments/pgjbxs/final_update_changes_and_important_links for more details and try posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4rindia if you have any questions or concerns .
fix this thing man it got my teammates mad as well
thought the same thing with the 'obi-wan throwing rocks at vader like a cool jeasus ' shot .
who is the guy in the all black suit thing 🦵🦵
this is 100 accurate in description and timeline but curious what you didnt enjoy ?
it 's just showing you the direction of the name/waypoint .
that 's a good way to ruin your shoes or develop fungal feet .
lol if he 's getting them bills paid then i say get your money bby
wise words but clauberin time is all the time in our hearts
i like my taco between your legs and has a little bush
i used to do a lot of large archives directly with tape drives .
i used the find command to fit my archives on tapes .
what is it that some white idiots think that it is perfectly ok to be this much of an asshole ?
is this the result of repeated long term exposure to faux fox news '' ?
creating an outline can be a fun process that makes writing the script much faster with less wandering .
1 my polish who 's name i ca n't pronounce so i call him gregers .
i enjoy a trip to edinburgh but fuck living there for 6 months as a tourist .
if you 've got the sort of time and money for this spend some of it here and then go and see some of mainland europe .
it 'll be a much more fulfilling trip to look back on one day .
eat some tapas in granada visit pompeii smoke a spliff by a canal in amsterdam ... ..you 've got 6 months and a cracking budget .
and yet again it confirms what google knows everything 😂😂😂😂😂
i 've heard roy cooper get thrown out a decent bit .
only way he 'd run is if biden is dead or not running and idk how progressive he 'd be albeit his wikipedia does n't have any immediate red flags
also i am happy dj is going to atl .
i didnt think those talks were serious because dj jb and rj dont really make a whole lot of sense together .
if anything dj felt like a contingency plan if jb didnt sign .
i know everyone is reporting knicks are gearing up to make another move .
if it doesnt happen though i think thats fine .
we still have the space to take on a disgruntled star during the season .
just give the minutes to the young guys which pretty much has to happen now and this should work itself out .
their value will go up for a trade scenario or they just get better and then we just have good home-grown players .
i mean if we were created to be slaves or livestock that makes sense
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i have a few screenshots idk how to link that kinda stuff on here though lmao .
i just took some cool photos it was on that lighthouse map or rocket whatever it was
so sorry that was not in the form of a question
the yankees have lost 2 series so far this year .
1 vs the white sox because of a doubleheader sweep and one to ... the orioles
i just explained it and you said ... . '' i 'd rather leave it stock tbh '' lmao
for a basic summary you can look at therealbashams on tiktok
but basically drue and gabe and their families have this perfect loving sweet act but in actuality they are very problematic .
they 've shown signs of racism homophobia mocked the me too and blm movements are ableists drues father looks at perverted things on tiktok etc .
all the posts and proof are hidden in this reddit they just get covered by other posts .
i can see your point about devin the honest .
i still think you should go for it if you want .
i feel that i 've made a very clear and comprehensive argument about why gender identity is not the same as personality .
if you have questions about what i 've written feel free to ask .
i do n't think i should try to tackle the gender vs biology thing right now bc i 'm at work and i should really get off reddit but suffice it to say it has to do with the way that the words are used .
usually they match up m-m f-w but sometimes they do n't and that 's called being trans .
i was hoping for a higher pick and a center in the return .
with that being said if faber ends up in the top 5 and we draft a stud or two this will work out nicely
yeah i found the setting but i 'm unable to change it from auto guess i 'll try overclock.net
every sunscreen i 've ever used has broken me out is greasy migrates to my eyes and gets into my contacts and makes my vision cloudy and cause rashes in the area around my eyes .
atmospheric pvp territory wars avatar pvp any pve at all player owned market hell even large wings arent in game yet .
all that isnt done and release ready and they suddenly decide to erase the backers promise to ask new players for money ?
nah fuck that not even moving my shit to sanctuary i wont be back .
no way he 's playing after being out for so long with the hamstring
and i love lukes i find this funny but ca n't admit it ''
built kits are pretty much without value unless there 's something special like being built by a certain modeler or they are a special edition that means something .
otherwise these are mass produced items that are still available to be purchased new in that 30-70 dollars each .
the heroism and the power display were unparalleled when compared to any other live action medium to me for sure but yeah storytelling could 've used a little work .
basically any post who is talking about mods will get you banned or muted .
i 'm probably closest to pat maroon if i 'm being honest !
we liked your submission checkmate i have mobile data but it has been removed because it does n't quite abide by our rules which are located in the sidebar .
your post has been removed because it 's not deep .
moderators can remove a post for 'not deep ' at their own discression
we also prefer oc but obviously that 's not always possible .
just try to keep it as original as possible !
while we appreciate your effort in posting we ask that you find something that is actually deep .
if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fim14andthisisdeep subject=concening my submission message=im writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/im14andthisisdeep/comments/viwxqp/checkmate_i_have_mobile_data .
feeling like a slut with my thight pants boiz be lookin non stop 👁️👁️
france has extended the period of legal abortion upon request from 12 to 14 weeks .
you can still get one after that if it 's a risk to your physical health mental health or the fetus has a defect .
in germany they now allow abortion providers to openly advertise their services .
in canada the end of roe will make it easier for trudeau to stay in power .
he effectively runs against the republican party instead of the cpc because it is so easy for him to win elections that way .
i really wish mike judge or the coen brothers would make a movie about this .
the entire crypto space is so ripe for satire .
i do n't think it goes much deeper than expressing disbelief at a weirdo on twitter .
i understand that creating fake problems to be mad at to try and covertly push a political belief is an actual thing that people do but i do n't think that 's what 's happening here lmao .
plus it 's not like he 's going on a 500 word rant about how this is some sort of downfall of society or how lefty libtards are ruining vibeo gams .
just sorta like gosh golly this internet weirdo person is being absurd .
if you are trying to troll you forgot to use your alt to make it look like you are impartial .
that 's not good if we get off later we 're so behind especially with course enrollment..let 's hope it 's tomorrow or friday .
that 's the thing making stuff like this is the way to impressing the heck out of everyone .
we had to remove your recent post on r/dfwcasualencounters because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can review them in our subreddit 's sidebar on the right side of the screen .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f t and r for tagging gender .
make sure you 're not using w when you mean to use f or a when you mean to use r.
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 28/31 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/r4r please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdfwcasualencounters .
finally please make sure you read the complete rules and guidelines on the sidebar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dfwcasualencounters if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's basically skim milk kept in the freezer .
who in the right mind would want to have frozen milk ?
probably someone who 's a 4-eyed lame-o who wears the same stupid sweater every day ...
are n't we all uniquely different yet we are all replaceable in many ways .
lived in a house with 3 guys who were in my frat and 1 guy who used to be who was the cheater .
i fail to see a problem here just a little interpretive dance
anthony bourdain said prison breaks are more efficient and productive than what etch showed tonight .
why go to poland when you can cuddle me and watch netflix together ?
i ordered july 2021 and finally received an update from my dealer with a scheduled build date of jun 21 .
today my dealer told me it was pushed back to july 30 .
none of this info is available on the ford tracking website for regular customers .
yeah realising how cheap my gladius is in-game and how little i use the stalker seriously considering melting them together into a prospector .
could earn the gladius back in a couple of hours ... the longest bit of the grind otherwise is going to be getting back up to 2mil for the prospector in the first place .
exactly it 's the same as a woman desiring a really buff man who works out because something about that body type attracts them
at this point morey is just telling the nba league office when he signs a deal
uh we got the biannual centennial mid-atlantic exception that we are using for this ''
and the guy with the rubber stamp is like that doesnt sound right but i dont know enough about cba exceptions to argue it ''
i personally think platinum is the best but have no opinion on bw because i simply never played it .
ended up skipping it as a kid for some reason .
people like platinum cause it 's an opinion just like people that like bw
idk i think miz is just stupid and did n't know about all this stuff me included tbh .
for example i learned about qatar through the football world cup that 's it 's a fucked up place .
so you knew she does n't ask for things yet did n't consult her on something she 'll wear every day ?
like that guy who said that he looked like smeagol from lord of the rings .
i play are a reasonably high level around 1500elo and basically no one kills me with anything like that when i play 2tc openers .
man thinks he is going to lose virginity in heaven with not only one but with 72 virgins .
do you understand that women will now have to convince doctors to go to trial for them to perform life saving abortions ?
they ca n't just perform a life-saving abortion and go about their day .
every time they perform a life-saving abortion they now have to get a lawyer and go to trial over it .
women will die while waiting for doctors to get in contact with their lawyers .
women will die when doctors are too scared to lose their license to perform life-saving abortions .
you so called pro-lifers have n't thought abortion bans all the way through .
op for the love of god please make sure your daughter is educated on stis consent and other matters of sexual and reproductive health .
do n't teach her yourself because i am not convinced you 're knowledgeable yourself .
the only thing i can think of that 's causing this issue is users were complaining about input lag during the beta .
this is usually caused by a input buffer filling up and instead of putting in a subroutine to intelligently keep track of the inputs the jr devs at dice decided to just refresh the buffer when it fills .
causing every peripheral connected to the pc to recenter .
which is why if you have a controller and mouse plugged in it will instantly snap the camera to 0,0,0 which is behind the player and all the way down
i 'm not unplugging my mouse in order to play a game .
thank you for taking the time to write this and share a website .
our history teacher lived in a tent in the playing fields behind school .
he then became known as mr tent and ended up leaving after having some sort of breakdown when he accused someone of stealing his can of coke off his desk .
the english teacher would lock ginger kids in a cupboard during class .
this actually turned out to be true on occasion believe it or not
that 's a lovely idea but you ca n't legally get one rn unless you happen to live in a country with a much lower age requirement than i 've ever heard and most people who will tattoo a 15 year old are n't going to be good or safe so i 'll tell ya what find a design or tattoo idea you really like now and if you still like it when you can afford to and can legally get a good tattoo that 's what i 've been doing i could n't get one until this year now my issue is being able to afford it and finding a local artist i like lol
i think they 're just doing it to make all the court 1 ticket holders feel better about the schedule
i 'm very experienced with electronics custom mods and soldering with precision .
this is not a project i recommend for someone who looks at this picture and asks the question you 're asking .
they are different permits so you can take the free 120 whenever you want you just need the permit
you should be able to look that up on tbe internet .
in terms of casualties yes but probably because of the context what they meant was how more people died from the after effects of each attack than from the initial attack itself .
yeah i like the way this manga builds personalities .
we have down to earth people like ena miura tora and then there are yotsuba and these two 😂
it has been removed but here 's what you can do to fix it !
we require all new users those with 3,000 comment karma which you can find here http old.reddit.com/user/darth_cupcake22/overview to post oc and not reposts .
if this post is content that you took with your own camera then please delete and resubmit with either oc '' or oc '' in the title .
if it is not your own original content then please participate by commenting first to increase your comment karma .
this is a spam prevention measure thank you for understanding .
please note that putting oc on a post that is n't yours is against the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe but i do n't think smith leaves the pacers for the mid level could see him going somewhere new for maybe 20 million over 3 years or continue to play for the pacers where he knows he can be successful and get his .
nah terrorists usually at least have the balls to own up and take credit '' for it and usually even if warped have some reason for it other than being a weak ass dick taster who is jealous that other countries are better and more successful than his .
terrorists are the bottom of the rung scum of the earth and yet still russia manages to go lower .
on the german herman miller gaming website theres no 15 sale or any information about that ?
get comfy let me slide my tongue as deep into your ass as possible so i can lick yiur asshol3 clean .
i 'll reach up and finger fuck your pussy with 1 hand slowly working more and more fingers into you while istroke my cock with your other hand .
ride daddy 's face as long as you want i 'll lick and suck both of your holes as you ride my face until you 've had all the orgasms you could possibly want .
then we can finish it up with you spreading your lips wide pushing your ass down as far as you can so i can clean your asshole to perfection while you cover me in piss so i can cum as i use it as lube stroking harder and faster .
people making railgun revolvers and stuff is the late 1800s all over again with pan revolvers and all this janky mostly functioning multi-shot weapons
but would the music kill anyone above the age of 40 ?
i actually love that the last names to the dog names are so adorable !
cross country i 'd fake an asthma attack and leave the race .
just so i would n't be humiliated for being so far behind everyone else .
my mum used to say if they all turned around and ran the opposite direction i 'd win ...
did n't help that my sister won them all .
did that my first play though but rolled back just in time .
you get settled in then we need to talk !
... .you isolate if you have it to protect others ? ? ?
you dig through 99 of content which is half-baked pedantic opinions until you find that one golden nugget of content that makes you exhale out your nose slightly faster .
damn i do n't listen to sumni but coming to the netherlands made me think about it 😃😅
i completely understand i hate the fact that i have to tell all of my queer friends to buy guns for their own protection .
the fact that there 's 30 or 40 million people in america that can not wait to kill them .
plus the cops either being complicit or uninterested in protecting them .
but many wikipedia articles and fandom articles state that ezra is 28-29 in a new hope and luke skywalker is 19 .
let 's see ... . if you did a 5 x 4 grid ... .
i 'm drawing this up as 4 across and 5 down .
if you put 3 ' of path between the rows and 2 ' on the outside that 'd be 29 ' across .
the beds in the columns in our garden are close together but if you 're having classes work on each one i presume you 'll want more space .
so at 5 beds long at 8 ' per bed that 's 40 ' .
if you put 2 ' of space between them that 's an extra 8 ' and if you put 3 ' between them that 's an extra 12 ' and you 'll want another 2 ' on the ends .
so if there 's 2 ' between each bed in the column it 'd be 52 ' and if you want 3 ' between each that 's 56 ' .
if you 're just looking at marking out a big area 30 ' x 60 ' should do it to allow room for a compost pile .
if you have a little extra room for a 4 ' x 4 ' bed or so a communal strawberry bed is nice .
we use a pallet composter meaning we stood pallets up on end for 3 sides of a box and attached them first using rope because it 's what we had then using a drill and elbow brackets to attach it .
it 's the down and dirty composter but certainly there are nicer ones out there .
i can pm you our community garden website if you want to see how we 're organized .
it might be too much info for what you 're doing right now though .
haha who can reach over the walker then 😂😂 jokes
because someone cumming in them gives them an orgasm 10× more intense what they can handle unlike real woman who just role over and light a cigarette and ignore you after you ask if it was as good for them as it was for you even though she barely moved or made a sound and yawned 2 times during the 1 minute endeavor
sorry for attacking you i get your point now .
the orignal comment you made me misjudge you as one of those absolute car lovers who refused to even consider that not all people can afford cars nor wish to own one and there bye purposfully argue against public transit .
while planes are safer they are also far more polutant then the average train .
in terms of saftey modern trains are incredibly safe .
i have never felt unsafe while traveling in germany on any of their trains .
and while yes trains do to some extent force you to a certain schedule thats mainly for long distance trains .
the local commuter trains which most people use in germany run between 5-10 minutes nonstop which means you are not fucked if you miss a train as the next one comes incredibly quickly .
as for the urban problems those only exist under 2 conditions .
the first is if trains would only run in urban areas they do n't .
most of the time they travel over less populated areas .
2 you can always stick the train lines underground .
most european cities are switching to this model where they shove most of the train lines under ground .
you can also build housing around train tracks with better noise insulation .
also as someone who lived next to an airport i can tell you airports are no better in terms of noise polution and are worse for the enviroment and people living nearbye due to the exhaust fumes of the aircraft .
i tried 5.11 4.96 4.97 and then i gave 5.12 a second attempt .
after 5 minutes of flickering it started in 1/4 of the screen top left 4k monitor and i could change to windowed borderless and now it works in 4k..
i was so close to refunding it but i guess it got scared with that threat .
ahh i hate it when people do the stamp on eyebrows .
she may charge a hefty fee since she 's an extremely beautiful teen celebrity with over 1 million followers on ig
your submission has been automatically removed due to your account not meeting the subreddit requirement of having more than 10 comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/robloxhackers if you have any questions or concerns .
people get locked out of their money with a possiblity of not getting it back and the best you can say they are paid shills .
he put ba in mid of a with sororitas gk and tsons last video .
ba had similar podium finish numbers as gk sororitas and tsons during the tau-eldar-nids meta and more than any other marine faction .
the main problem back then was therr wete 2 s tier factions and 2 high a factions keeping everyone else down .
ba also performed better than everything else in b tier or worse back then so ... he was actually pretty on point with ba .
and now ba got buffs and the top codexs got nerfs and gk didnt get any changes ?
asshole is ok but the blunt force from the rod hitting his right cheek caused a bone to fracture in 2 spots
200 is still nothing they have hundreds of openings just for autopilot division right now .
i am surprised how many people in this thread repeat this as some kind of gospel .
if the amendment is so clear then why heller was 5-4 decision and not 9-0 ? do you really believe that if leftists did n't have an extra vote on the bench they would n't decide heller the other way ?
this reminds me of the time i woke up parched in the middle of the night and downed the entire squeeze bottle of my contact lens solution before realizing what it was ! ! !
thankfully it was just saline but still was a very awakening moment
its pretty much mandatory nowadays because of the same rule that makes sich selbst preferable over just sich .
i would even say that just saying sich is rather literary
oh buddy ... when i was like 11 spy kids 3d came out and there was this new character named demetra played by an actress roughly the same age as me .
she was just so edgy first time i ever felt it and i was obsessed .
i went to go see that movie in the theater like 40 times .
the actress was courtney jines and she basically never did anything ever again but you can still google recent photos of her and what 's weird is i do n't find her attractive whatsoever as an adult .
i 'm probably one of the weird ones whose drive has n't really changed at all haha i 'm about 6 weeks on t and i 've had plenty of other results starting to come in but my libido seems about the same as before which i do n't mind i 'd rather it 'd be manageable 😅
alle sind gerettete straßen katzen die man gegen schutzgebühr auch adoptieren kann .
geht nicht um kommerz am besten selbst vor ort überzeugen .
die mitarbeiter haben auch selber katzen und die tiere werden hier nicht zur schau gestellt wie im zirkus .
i do n't think you 'll face any trouble for producing artwork .
however op might get fined if they play it in mexico city
of course you 're not sure if you keep sticking your head in the sand .
you can also message me if you wish so .
it would be a pleasure to talk to someone who 's aromantic .
it is a clearwing moth mimicking a wasp can not tell for sure which one exactly you see the proboscis it feeds from nectar harmless
i do check my dashboard but criand just got back to me and he removed it because others explained better
i am not sure that a second ship was n't damaged in the attack .
it looks like a corvette was towed in with shrapnel marks all along its side .
did she play with dolls as a kid and boardgames with the family ?
tell her it 's just a mix of those just the dolls are tiny and the dice are cooler .
or was it just that they made a seperate chat and did some stuff without you but still kept in touch-ish ?
i love tattoos problem with trendy tattoos is not every tattoo/color/style/location looks good on everyone .
do what you like but i also talk to my tattoo artist to make sure the tattoo is going in the right spot and is the right fit for me .
always be open to suggestions your artist does this for a living they know what they are doing .
you rednecks make me sick making your hate babies babies and make me worry to death what i do with my dick .
yes if you think your damage and health are good .
it starts with vehicular manslaughter and goes down from here so ... she also thinks she can be the token accepted trans among people that wan na erase our existence
i started taking birth control where i basically never have a period and after about 6 months on it i could n't care less about sex .
i used to have a pretty high sex drive and was constantly upset about my husband never wanting it .
if anything now it just feels like a chore .
i 've added them to my read list and will give them a go !
it seems like cradle is much more revered as it has 11 books compared to the one of iron prince .
so i 'll probably read cradle first then iron prince .
ya getting air and getting air that is cooled or hot is separate .
i 'm not as familiar with car ac units i imagine they can also freeze up if the compressor is running but no air is blowing through ?
yeah but trump stole that from his boot lickers so it 's kind of funny .
your feelings and trauma are 100 valid you did n't do anything wrong and it is never your fault .
you 're not overreacting because sexual assault is something you should never have to experience and honestly if you are able to still be here today to talk about your experience then you are one hell of a strong person .
you have the right to feel what you feel dont let anyone tell you different .
im so sorry for what you 've been thru it 's not your fault ❤️
the point of the baracades were to slow down other factions that needed to build and so the vb just camping is ok as they are only blocking one clearing .
and just to clerify the vb doesnt get points to place these down but the othwr factions gwt points for destroying them .
i think making it so the card is given immediately can stop problems like using it as your last action so you do n't have yo give it away .
for rogue i think the entire idea has to be scrapped because the harrier does what he does but better if he ca n't go in thr forest .
but if he can go on the forest then he makes the ranger obsolete .
i 'm thinking maybe give him an ability that 's used in combat to avoid damage so it gives a use to all those boots you usually have sitting around .
brought to you by the people whove spent the last century persecuting people for their race and sexuality
there is no words.. like how the hell do you not check a carton/box/bag and go yep this is milk '' before serving it to a bunch of kids ?
r/onlyfanssmallgirls is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanssmallgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
love you bending over my bed any day babe gorgeous
since he knew he could n't get in or out without the token when he had n't been there since his teens it must have already been set up that way on his first visit .
although they may have strengthened the protections anyway after the wen attack .
do you create the models for the stl yourself as well ?
or do you use available ones for like models and make adjustments to scale and geometry
lyrics like that are why 60 of all rap is garbage
not too sure about customizing the icon padding on dock though tried a lot of extensions to customize the dock but none of them seems to have padding adjustments .
depending on his willingness you could try prostate stimulation during sex .
never personally tried it just ca n't get over the mental barrier to try but it is supposedly a powerful sensation .
he may be willing to try due to the lack of more traditional sexual stimulation .
you can try other areas of touch as well intimate sensual massages .
or maybe lean more into the cerebral excitement with exploring various fetishes .
the amount of things randy troy got right is actually insane
considering you do n't actually play other peoples teams in real time it would n't work .
that lady was just a shit parent all around in every way .
as bad as the name is i think it might be the least bad thing she 's done to her kid .
who 's embarrassed by a disney character themed birthday party for a six year old ! ! ? !
hopefully quira will grow up and change her name to something nice .
please remember to list your gear and shaders used if they are not already part of the image .
this is not necessary but is extremely appreciated by the users and moderators .
often if you do not include it users will ask you to later .
if this is a text/irrelevant post or your gear and shaders are already in the image feel free to ignore this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/destinyfashion if you have any questions or concerns .
did it bring ton of different emotions while recording your interviews for x 's documentary ?
did you felt a certain type of feeling when you were talking about your experiences with him and how you describe him as a person as a whole ?
so you 're just in it for the money ?
i do n't know ... are you just in it to exploit workers ?
from down 40 to up 120 on calls that i bought at 364 .
yeh the first couple seasons of the uk version of survivor was fucking hilarious .
oh i know it does n't say ‘reject ' which would be clear .
its so annoying though even the same website multiple visits .
if authorities believe its giving us control of our data it is n't in reality .
like the terms and conditions on anything we buy it 's hard work and boring reading it so we do n't
then also have emily marnell in as a friend of to stir up extra drama with leah and cat
but if you do want to do personal work this version is best if someone wants the link https www.reddit.com/r/sketchup/comments/v8nt27
just wish i did n't have to strip it down completely .
nah you can have tattoos removed it 's just not a flawless procedure .
but thats insane there is no too nor is there a more it 's simply three words .
they are disingenuous and it reveals simply how they feel .
i was an atheist since i was around 11 or 12 ... ... so no it happened way before i went back to university in my 30s .
pizza i can have on a weeknight late at night even breakfast it does n't matter .
burgers are a heavier meal so in order to enjoy it i want to really savor it .
this usually means i have them on a weekend during a cookout or at a restaurant not fast food .
it 's not something i would have on a whim .
let 's assume the worst and say i do n't qualify for financial aid of efc could you let me know what this is ? .
i 'm getting mixed messages from those who 's already transferred so i 'm not sure what i should do now .
you and another user both pointed out that the completion of the igetc is n't necessary and that as long as the major requirement classes are completed the window for transfer is open .
or are you suggesting that i keep some ge 's off on purpose so that when i go to ucr i can take those ge 's there rather than my cc so that i can balance upper division coursework ?
i do n't think physics at my school is necessary difficult not that i 've taken it yet .
but my major requirements only ask that i take the a equivalent and that the b and c portions are optional because they are in a category according to assist.org that says select 3 from the following .
b and c at my school are counted as only completing one of the ucr physics courses so i ask myself why would i take 2 classes when they only count as 1 ? .
there are other options and if i only have to pick 3 i 'd rather skip physics to do something else .
my point being that i 'm probably not going to finish the physics series at my school because i assume it 's only for lower division work and that since it 's optional i do n't have to finish it .
but i 've heard from ucr students in my program that you have to complete the physics series to graduate .
so now i 'm not sure if that is the case or not anymore .
it probably comes down to good trainers and not good trainers honestly .
we all forget how far we have gone with this bubble that has been created with low rates for too long .
we were just in the high 100s in 2016 and all the way down in double digits in 2009 .
that puts us at over 6x from trough to peak over a 13 year period not including dividends .
we are due for a major correction and need fo feel the pain .
unfortunately with the way the fed continues to manipulate the market it 's nearly impossible to say how far we will fall or not .
it might have been solid with the grand folks but it otherwise paints a person out of touch/inexperienced .
your post was removed for containing one or more of the following
is just a description of physical symptoms followed by anyone else experience this ? ''
we are a community for support around mental health and thus can not diagnose you .
other users may or may not have felt your physical symptoms so you should be cleared by a medical professional .
your post may be appropriate if you reduce/remove discussion around physical symptoms and their descriptions and instead focus on the mental health concerns or questions you may have .
they place the cost of paying a cashier on you .
and you 're not getting paid a dime for doing the work someone else would have been paid to do .
for anyone interested r/degendefi is the new sub with active mods .
i knew what i wanted in a partner and i do n't mean money or looks and refused to settle for anything less .
we call each other on our shit and thank each other for doing so .
we have rough patches when life is rough on us .
but we 're partners in love parenting home ownership romance and friendship .
and whatever comes up we 'll work through it .
then plz do the needful and send us more of those awesome columbia pfgs
at this point i do n't mind it and am often on my own little adventure while being that third wheel .
sometimes it helps with my social anxiety too because i 'm not having that constant attention just kind of in the background while still hanging out
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
i take murdering hundreds of milions of people over a childish and selfish ideology personally .
people tend to mention thorium in regards to uranium .
truth is that thorium is neither feasible or scaleable yet .
if this is something that it happen to me i think it will be so annoying .
sometimes some things/facts that somebody tell you are insignificant maybe at the moment that person did n't give so much value is just to have a smalltalk .
for example when i am with friends and we are talking about something sometimes is better to not search ir in google because in that way the discuss keeps alive .
who cares who si right we are having fun .
his face and movement or lack of movement gives impact to his words .
he is holding back so naturally that it feels like he is telling a true story from his own life .
no answer or reply back from anyone at their support team .
i have tired 3 times no help what do ever .
it amazes me how a company as huge as activision has terrible support .
this is why you must always remember to bring your towel when travelling interstellar hitchhiking or no .
the constant moving of furniture is very annoying and loud .
i love that part since möbel rücken '' is also a synonym for having sex .
but that neighbour is probably actually talking about moving furniture .
you know the stakes are way too high when bowser joins into your party .
if i had a nickel for every time i heard a smithers joke i 'd have two nickels .
which is n't a lot but it 's odd that it happened twice .
back in the the 90 's walter payton joined with coyne and the building was payton coyne racing until his passing .
i lived a couple miles from there and live a few more away now .
i kick myself for never requesting a tour of the facs .
supposedly they do that if you contact them and say pretty please .
honestly the blast door from rogue one would have been better .
pick lines never work literally not once did i see them work .
this is not true for 10 ball which is a called shot game .
the 10 would get spotted if it was made on the break .
the golden ball rule applies to 8 ball and 9 ball .
i would say it was n't your place to tell her so you do kinda suck for that but it would n't have been as big a bombshell if her parents had been honest with her .
you may have been able to have time to come to terms with it and not keep your niece so at a distance if they had been honest earlier too .
instead you 're both getting to start the healing process just now .
maybe this is unfair of me but her parents wasted both of your time keeping it secret for this long .
clearly they have no respect for you but they 've displayed a deep lack of respect for their own child .
the debt they owe to you both is deep at this point .
i hope they at least grow the maturity to understand that at this point the terms and conditions of how they can earn the trust and forgiveness from both of you is entirely out of their hands and they can either accept the terms they 're given and do the work or get the hell out of both your lives .
i hope you 're both able to move on now and find peace either together or separately .
i could 've sworn his daughter was on a preview with flies coming out her mouth
now you understand why they still did n't make any contact with us .
obviously no worse punishment exists but it would be nice if progressives at least tried to make sense .
but if they did there would be no barpod so ...
grab any four characters you like or want to raise friendship levels for and mash buttons .
you have no need for actual group synergy if you 're punching commission hillichurls .
... we are aliens decided to live life as a human ...
they 're us in the distant future simulating our own past .
imagine that human civilization survives long enough to become interstellar .
which is long enough to build the kinds of massive computers needed to run reality simulations .
say it 's a billion years in the future .
that 's 10,000,000 centuries of human history for them to simulate .
which of those centuries would they be most interested in simulating ?
how about the centuries when computers space travel and ai were born ?
those things are after all the foundations of their technological society .
out of those 10,000,000 centuries to them the most interesting ones would be 20 and 21 .
it 's likely that google and amazon are going into the dow .
that 's my guess as to why they both announced splits and had them within 4 weeks of each other .
the dow usually rebalances in august/early sept. my guess is we 'll see salesforce leave and either 3m or disney .
had his livelihood taken away from him when he was in his prime .
please note that vendor/marketplace-related discussion goes into the stickies on the subreddit top 1 or 2 posts on the front page click here to get there https www.reddit.com/r/darknet/about/sticky ? num=2 .
these posts are not allowed to be posted as a separate submission .
this submission has been removed pending mod review and will stay removed with no further notice given if it is indeed talking about a vendor or marketplace .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darknet if you have any questions or concerns .
nope i 'm a gay man now because i watched gay porn .
lower carbs this week and then smash good carbs the evening before and the day of is what i usually do .
a lazy and less calculated competition peak week kindve .
damn i did n't know italy was in america that 's crazy man .
what we need to term limits for all federal judges .
and yea i was aware of that all along .
you know there 's actually a really nice paper about b cells in the meninges which is not parenchyma of the brain but its really weird why these brain resident b cells are present and why they can make antibodies with some implications toward autoimmunity .
they further found that the brains of aging mice are infiltrated by a second population of age-associated b cells which come from the periphery and may differentiate into autoantibody-secreting plasma cells after encountering cns antigens . ''
it 's possible as people age antibody might accumulate in the brain .
cool question regardless and would be interesting to look into .
of note microglia and astrocytes have the capacity to upregulate fc receptors suggesting a possible adaptation of resident cells in the brain toward interacting positively or negatively toward antibody .
another selective pressure to consider is that ab-ag aggregates in the brain can kill .
we saw this with the first usage of ivig in targetting ab plaques in clinic .
it 's likely that aggregating ab like igm is highly supressed in this environment but other ab might escape that selection .
it is clearly a padding to protect bones from injury .
certainly enough migration over time would change things but you ca n't be shocked at what it 's like when you get there .
like you said it 's not exactly a purple state as much as it 's sometimes talked up like one that has n't borne out .
do not repost this without contacting the mods for approval https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole including edited versions .
yes even if you think this is an error .
this post violates rule 11 no partings/relationship/sex/reproductive autonomy posts .
we do not allow posts involving cutting contact ghosting breaking off friendships and similar discussions .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole with any questions .
please ensure you have reviewed this message in full .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i have news for you conservatives are full of shit .
and you know who else is full of shit ?
there is not a single group that does n't have people like that in their club .
does the abl touch the bed at all when you 're starting a new print ?
if it does and then does t start to check the bed make sure you have g29 in your starting gcode in your slicer
i got it from gnc so the testosterone booster is not fully natty but it 's ok you do n't have to speak on things you do n't understand
your submission has been automatically removed because you have insufficient karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slimegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
a lot of manufacturers can special order split mattresses .
on the other hand if you buy modular mattresses then manufacturers often include split configurations as a standard option and it wo n't affect your ability to return it .
that was one of the reasons we bought from flobeds .
very happy with out decision as my wife and i have very different configurations for each of our respective sides .
just go for less of those options or healthier versions every now and then .
i 'm this close to yelling at every person open about their faith around me .
one of the most memorable parts of the bible is a story about someone who prays openly wo n't be going to heaven because it 's vain so wtf are these gaudy and ornamental churches and people advertising this when jesus himself tells people that it 's supposed to be private and personal ?
if only these people actually read the bible at least i 'd have some level of respect for them
while small these blades are sharp and deadly and the mere presence of one can be enough to ward off a potential attacker .
however know that pocket knives can cause substantial damage and can therefore lead to legal issues if used in self-defense .
american citizens have the constitutional right to defend themselves when in situations of either regular or deadly danger .
the limits of self-defense however differ from state to state .
this means that you must be careful when moving around with self-defense items such as knives and guns outside your home state .
im only referred it is as a parasite bc it came from a fucking predator .
im not saying all embryos are parasite apologies if i triggered u .
also im not talking about murdering an out of womb child im asking what efforts are we making so that life they are going to have isnt awful if they just kill themselves because of their shitty life what was the point ? .
if pro choicers say they rather get an abortion than doom a child to a shitty life why isnt the answer actual help instead of just creating the issue they want to avoid and ignoring their concerns .
and the way he kept defending tennys in the replies .
claire going nuts in a televised press conference fucking up everything they 've worked for at the drop of a hat was the point where i checked out .
oh man i would have made a get well '' card and gone around the building telling people chuck was hit by a bus and asking them to sign the card .
see how many people i can tell before someone realizes he 's still in the office .
and then next time you see chuck comment on his busted up face and how it 's healing nicely .
thank you for confirming this likely wo n't work for my similarly small 6.6 '' wrists .
you can interpret the wavefunction however you want there 's no agreed upon interpretation .
what you 're describing is close to what 's called a mass density ontology which is a thing that some philosophers of physics like to consider .
in general though physicists like to keep the idea of collapse for exactly the reason you described you never see half of an electron cloud in an experiment only full collapsed electrons so just saying the wavefunction is a probability is the simplest way to model that behavior .
it 's her birthday this is the time to spoil her .
especially since it 's her first birthday you 've been in her life .
there definitely needs to be a conversation on how you are all going to co-parent your daughter but i do n't feel like this is a point where you 've stepped over and crossed a line .
you want to look for love but you see all the little things that go on and it 's just too complicated .
the fact is if you start looking for love you have to accept the possibility that you 're not going to meet people who are not the right fit who will ghost you and may hurt you .
and you 're just not set up for that .
like why waste so much energy if you going to get hurt might as well be better spent on other things .
i do n't see much love going on either way in that short convo .
like wtf is her mom on to even mention real love '' while act the complete opposite of it .
cabba being skinny is weird and takes getting used to .
kale and caulifla being skinny is easier to take in imo
op there were so many red flags in this post i could have an army of flag holders .
she is also planning on taking the house from you .
do n't be a dumbass and look at what she is trying to do to you .
are they moving here for the investments in traffic mitigation or for the city 's generally well-designed/maintained infrastructure the first imo being a subset of the second ?
i think the city does a great job overall but i think we could spend a little less on highway micro-optimizations and more on drinking water quality preventing homelessness and policing alternatives .
this is better than both for creature decks i think specially considering thalia .
dealing with a drc or ravenous squirrel on t1 even with 0 creatures is huge .
portable hole does this but it does n't deal with a phoenix permanently with only 2 creatures on board like this does .
and then there 's death 's shadow decks which i think will move into mardu just for this and the rb/wb versions of shadowheart .
first thing i did was take it to a harley mechanic and give it a look over and he said it was great condition .
asked him to check the common issue spots i read about for my year/model .
if i recall correctly the 06 had a common issue with their transmissions .
there was an 06 i was looking at with less miles and similar price but decided on the 07 due to what i read .
i think amd will eventually catch up to nvidia but less through software updates and more with hardware upgrades although optimisation in games is also a big factor .
they will catch up mainly because they have to if they want to keep their products competitive with nvidia 's and intel 's upcoming ones .
this person has pbc as their pfp listening to that guy 's leprechaun ass voice reduces your iq by a flat 50
i always do but i also do n't take huge doses around people i do n't trust or alone
steam takes good care of its customers and venders .
i 'm part of a couple of communities and some have very good players .
but for example on reddit the playerbase is quite bad relatively speaking .
it 's hard to say and i think the only ones that can give an answer that makes sense are bsg .
you should really read my reply to your other post https www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/v31c7x/i_have_a_serious_issue_with_people_and_its/iavvvka .
if you 're feeling hopeless like there 's no solution then you should be willing to try anything .
as someone who 's been to hell and back with seemingly no solution for years there is a solution the brain is neuroplastic but by fuck do you have to do the work .
oh hey i 'm a black american with anything but traditional values .
the older ones yeah but my generation way better with it
it absolutely is it 's also not a replacement for medication to treat a chemical imbalance in the brain .
basically all berries apart from irish grown are half mush .
i 've essentially stopped buying grapes completely over the course of this year where we used to get through at least two punnets a week .
cheating might not be normal but it does seem that many men that age are prone to screwing up repeatedly in relationships then acting shocked and forlorn when it inevitably falls apart .
what is this please do n't say it 's a no fap thing
removed your karma score is below 10 please reach this before posting again .
you get karma by commenting on subreddits and people upvoting it .
this action is to prevent spam on the subreddit .
please note that award karma does not count towards our karma requirement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashroyale if you have any questions or concerns .
asmodeus really could be playing up his trickery domain .
so we 're back to them faking shit to scapegoat us ? ...
who am i kidding that 's all they ever had .
and also it 's a joke cause it says humor on the post
there 's another post about this from a few days ago and it has a detailed breakdown in the comments
i 'm starting to get into crop tops too and i 'm excited to wear them 🙈
you select the word click on this two little chain rings on the left and paste the link of your gif there
sorry i am colourblind so get the fuck outta here
probably but still alot latch on to that in a way of credit grabbing .
funny how the op just did n't reply to this .
imma gon na give you the classic bible quote bitches .
my thoughts are not your thoughts my ways are not your ways just as the heavens are higher than the earth so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.
iirc sons of anarchy symbol is the reaper holding a rifle
yeah that did take about 5 years or so ?
releasing ava also removes any liberty desire so it must be better
in the sense of if france in particular had not pushed for such crippling reparations in the war guilt clause at versailles yes arguably hitler need never have arisen .
in unserem fall aber eher die unterscheidung spaziergänger mit/ohne hund bzw .
und gerade letzteres ist eine doch echt interessante nuance sprechen hier von dorfnahen umgebung innerhalb von 1km .
oh original version was more a nineties release so it 's getting on a bit .
anyway potentially silly question but you did get the blood fountain with the strength upgrade ?
some boulders ca n't be pushed unless you have the upgrade .
also a silly thought but health does have a maximum value if you overfed the blood just trickles down the side of the vial and goes to waste .
you might already know those but worth highlighting just in case .
if you would like to replace it and have the time and inclination a timber yard could supply the wood at much lower prices than diy stores or a builder may charge .
larch is brilliant for decking lasts essentially forever outdoors although a uv protective finish reapplied annually stops it going grey grooving is unnecessary a slight incline gives enough water runoff and it 's cheap we pay £125 a ton for logs wholesale .
if you send me the dimensions i could get you a price for comparison purposes .
the same reason russians pretend the moon landing happened .
the used the nuke scare to scare children until the fake collapse of the ussr .
now it is all terrorists and fake school shootings .
all done to keep people in fear and not question the ruling class .
lol imagining sperado winning and being the sub 's pic for a month
at this point of the game pretty much everyone think that
i thought redditors sit in their mothers basement all day .
nope new story out hiring freeze cutting workforce by 10
we 've only played 6-8 arrangements explicitly for brass band but none of them ever had a b.c .
please remember that reddit requires all identifiable information such as names usernames and subreddit titles to be blacked out in images https www.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/360043066452 .
if your submission contains any instances of these kinds of information please remove your post .
afterwards please feel free to make a new post after editing your image to black out all instances of such information .
if this message does n't apply to your post please feel free to ignore it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/antinatalism if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've had this as my app icon for dokkan for a while .
i was just going to ask you what your driving strategy is and why you decided to move to an area with low gas prices .
the answer is because i have an urgent need for a car .
i live in a very small area and it 's expensive to drive up and get groceries but that 's not the point .
also i do n't have a lot of time for my mom and she has to work .
she has a lot of responsibilities and i do n't want to be the person who gets the most attention when things are n't working out .
i guess you could go for an apartment in a more affordable area or find an affordable place with a car like i did .
or you could try to find a job somewhere else i know i tried once and it 's not worked out .
but if you do something similar i 'm sure there 's a place for you .
i do n't see anything wrong with having a good time
pigs have orgasms that last for like ... 30 minutes .
a conscience ... so yeah the business will prolly go under ...
considering his belief that the daughter is n't really his is indirectly calling her a cheater in her place i that would not be tolerating any of this i should hope .
yes anyone you see making and selling items of any ip are actually breaking the law .
thank you for volunteering to the front of the queue .
if you get the momentum you should be rewarded with such bullshittery .
if the ground was unstable they would n't build a batter like that either
ill get a friend to pump her full of cum while i hold her legs up to make sure its soaked in x
looks like the brute yokai burst counter where you hold r2 i believe and hit o as the enemies red attack is coming at you
sorry if i got the input wrong it 's been a hot minute since i played
i 'm assuming lucario goes down once g-max zard has used 2 attacks .
after that it 's 10mv z-move vs zard 's strongest g-max move with ash slowly overpowering it .
because she married someone who was a bit older than her ?
you do know that wo n't affect the child right ?
it was not must have but everyone should read at least 2-3 books every year .
i married her because she is great positive kind person .
they work out so much but have zero definition in their arms ... ?
i sobbed when my first set that were adopted but it got easier .
when i got sad when a foster was adopted i would get another kitten/cat in need and feel good again .
it 's a challenge but one i would encourage everyone to do .
i will not dismiss how anyone feels however speaking from experience seeing the homes my fosters have gone to have made each one worth it .
and i 've now played a part in saving 50 cats and kittens .
sometimes foster fails are meant to be and you will connect with your animals and that 's also great .
however i think a lot of us do n't give it a shot due to the emotions involved when i personally feel a new depth of love has come out of fostering .
in my early/mid 30s here never suicide but yes self-harm .
and the thought still pops up now and then .
one time i almost sliced my femoral artery and i needed stitches .
for me the things that help the most are getting out of myself .
science articles helped me understand more about myself and the world .
world religions and anthropology helped me understand others more .
getting into group therapy not always possible for everyone but my school offered this free for students you just had to get in at the beginning of the semester allowed me to connect to others .
i say that just because they 've spoke about how much they used to do it in the past .
colleges are still recovering from deferrals due to the past couple years ' issues and they are all over-extended with students on campus for the first time needing dorm space .
a lot of people destroy their bodies for jobs that pay minimum wage or similar .
i do n't really care about how hard your job is if you make 7-8 figures
figured it was worth a fair shake instead of letting the group-think tell me how to feel .
it was n't the worst game i 've ever seen but it also was n't worth my time .
do n't be so available and nice they do n't like that .
new home construction has never gone to zero has never stopped .
rates of construction decrease but housing starts have never dipped below 100,000 houses per year in canada .
and housing start activity correlates to gdp so starts will only shrink typically if there is a recession we 're far from there yet gdp recently was 3.1 which is very healthy in spite of the 2 previous rate increases .
yeah depends on the ship but you can be detected by cross-section if you are close enough .
i dont have anymore problems with my eyes or nose what so ever but my lungs are burning and so is my throat never had this before .
according to my doctor i got bronchitis due to hayfever reaction i got some pretty strong meds and it got alot better .
that 's the core of the ophelia trope https tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/theophelia https tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/theophelia which has been around for a looooong time .
although people may discredit this by pointing out it 's about fiction to me storytelling reveals so much about an individual or culture that this is really insightful to values and attitudes .
my fh chose a silicone one as his sole band .
he 's not overly active and does n't have a job where he ca n't wear metal he just chose silicone as his preference .
for me i 'm only choosing to wear my engagement ring with no second band .
i 'm not a fan of the silicone ones personally just as a feeling thing on my hand not an aesthetic thing so if an occasion calls for not wanting to risk my e-ring i 'm just not going to wear it .
both of us are cool with the other 's choice so it works !
i see this guy almost every day on bellaire wilcrest .
he just doesnt like drama hes the quiet type .
and i am a bit of a complainer and i get jealous alot i guess its also because of some issues i need to work on .
dont know if you guys are video game fans but if you are there was dreamhack this weekend .
one of the best tv show that ever made that 's for sure
but i like it when a drug pusher/bad people dies .
i ca n't imagine that small localized nuclear plants designed to run autonomously for 100 years at a stretch are not the power of the future .
believe me we chuckled about it through our teenage and adult years .
ey ofc but i saw rechta as something that originates between bejaia and beja so that 's why i was surprised .
it spreading later to other parts is very understandble but people saying egypt makes me question wtf is going on
i miss the good oldschool grossups some of those were cringe worthily legendary
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
3 star 3 star and gullit has unique body type and hair power
considering he 's been on that genocidal mindset for so long i feel like that 's now permanent trait .
it 'd be a hard adjustment to break away from that mindset
a lot of wines are supposed to be served at cellar temperature meaning between 45 and 65 degrees ferenheit .
sure but also every single married footballer is cheating on his wife
unfortunately i have the newest one and a brand new tv with cast built in does n't work with either .
probably just bad compatibility luck hopefully they fix it eventually
i thought they were just symbols in the 2nd picture but now im wondering why are they rings
to avoid spam/bots posts are not allowed from extremely new accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/buttcoin if you have any questions or concerns .
looked like he grabbed his phone he was n't holding it before running to the computer but is after
i played that song near my crippled cousin he died the next day
1 reddit automatically removes many posts under the pretense of spam .
2 i have unspammed your latest post but i suppose it may be preferable to embellish future submissions to ensure that they are not found to be low-effort .
3 and i ca n't even ask for a manual review . ''
every single bot comment contains an option to contact the moderation team https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/miraculousladybug .
i uh am unsure about where your confusion lies .
4 there were n't even images in this post . ''
i 'm afraid that many text-based posts are likewise found to be low-effort because they fail to offer a platform that can lead to a legitimate discussion although this was n't necessarily the case here .
5 you have had multiple posts removed over the past few months because they violate rule 6 https new.reddit.com/r/miraculousladybug/about/rules this is merely a moderation effort to declutter the subreddit of similar kinds of posts .
i try to make an effort to direct redditors to similar discussion threads in such instances apologies if such was not the case on some of your older submissions .
edit it seems that another moderator has already offered their own suggestions
most voids have some stuff in them including galaxies !
this post has reached one of our comment/karma limits .
the text of the post has been preserved below .
i 'll try to keep this short and sweet because i 've rewritten this about 20 times now and every-time it 's a book .
my mom was diagnosed with crohn 's disease when i was in high school .
she always struggled with the lifestyle changes that kind of disease required especially in regards to food .
she 'd eat healthy for a bit but eventually she 'd be back to tv dinners and pizza .
her disease started leading to other illnesses that just compounded over and over again until she 's in the emergency room at least once a month .
i know changing her diet wo n't fix everything but i truly think her eating habits and sedentary lifestyle is a huge contributor to her worsening health .
she 's had a difficult life and she 's so sick that i hate pushing her when she digs her heels in .
she gets mad and depressed and i ca n't imagine what it 's like living with her illness .
so we 're caught in this spiral where i 'd try getting her to eat a bit more healthy to move around a bit more .
she 'd slowly do better but then something happens and she has a bad day .
then she stops trying and her illness gets worse .
over and over i failed my mother could n't keep her on track could n't be there enough did n't do the right thing .
i moved far away to live with my boyfriend who was a long distance relationship at the time .
i love him so much and my mental health got so much better without having to see my mom 's struggle .
we talked on the phone but she never tells me about her health .
now i 'm back down for a week with so and ... it 's bad .
my brother is trying so hard to help because he still lives nearby but she just refuses to listen .
my dad tries in his own way but i think he 's given up .
my parents mindset is basically let her be happy in her final years .
there 's this constant unspoken tension that my brother and i feel like our parents are waiting to die .
insist it 's not the problem and lie to themselves about how much they eat .
do i use this week to sit down and talk to them ?
or do i leave them be and just let them live their lives as is ?
honestly it 's nice to just type it all out .
okay so geometry was set in rigid stages and i 'm proposing that they are variable ranged from π to π based on energy level and the tangential of velocity .
after π is trashed a circular orbit is achieved and variations can result in increase or decrease in the size of orbit and energy occupation or can be projected out of orbit or trapped with the larger orbit of origination the cortex it helped create .
so i think we got close with the number of dimensions but that they are variable and that they were only .
1415 ... dimensions off which is fine for the level of precision we generally need .
i 've seen this stated a few times but i do n't know if i understand what you mean .
if you 're stunning faster then you 're stunning more frequently so in any given window of time the monster 's stun meter fills up more times .
do you just mean that you ca n't get extra stuns because it 'll already be dead before you can ?
in which case it 's at least a faster kill .
your post has been automatically removed and put in a queue for human review .
this is a safety measure to prevent spammers from running rampant .
your post will not be approved if it is readily answered by our wiki or in clear violation of our rules .
before contacting the moderators to request approval please check over the r/fitness wiki https thefitness.wiki to see if your question can be answered by our existing resources .
click here to search past threads on r/fitness https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on
in addition please make sure to read over the rules http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules and make sure your question is not breaking any of them .
if you have done all of this and still did n't find an answer to your question you may contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness amp subject=please+reapprove amp message=/r/fitness/comments/v4tatm/should_antioxidants_really_be_avoided_before for review of your post .
keep in mind however that if your thread breaks the posting rules it will not be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
dear universe please look over paul and bless his health .
his heart is pure please bless his body and his family .
you produce more than you earn or you get fired .
the game has 3 reset times which i find confusing .
the first one is the time the event resets daily which is 12:00 am utc .
the second one is when new events/event logins start which is 6:00 am utc this one always confuses me
the third one is when the whole day ingame resets and daily missions are reset which is 9:00 am utc
wish they unified the second and third one as they are unnecessary to be separated unless there 's some reason to it that i 'm unaware of
i will never not watch videos of pandas eating bamboo when i see them .
nah i 'm not shaming him for using a sex doll you do you bro but it 's his attitudes and unnecessary shaming of women when making posts about them
and i agree i really hope i never come across the weird sex stuff if it gets worse than that i actually had a dive into the sex doll forum and discovered alot of stuff against my will lol
in the us it means china but in the uk it means india .
of course we know both are included along with turkey and others but it 's just cultural..
maybe not an asshole because it 's your car but jesus christ this relationship..
a debonaire pimp is what i just saw there .
i have filled half a dozen stations with so much bunker loot that after resets now there 's so much at lorville that the inventory system is overwhelmed and ca n't even show it all even with the next page '' buttons .
japan recovered long time ago if u consider all the dividends
i was n't disagreeing with you i 'm just adding on that even though it happens it is completely illegal and if people target you or harass based on your caste you can file a police report against them or at least try to file one anyways .
unfortunately the police in this country usually only let you file things that are easy for them to handle .
if you count civilian deaths then yes more ukranians have died however russia seems to be less and less able to replace manpower and equipment losses while ukraine has mobilization and foreign volunteers and exiles russian defectors etc ... a lot of the damage to ukraine can be repaired since the rest of europe is intact not so much for russia sanctions isolation loss of energy revenues
he ca n't die he ca n't go insane and he does n't sleep memory is the last of the 4 doors available for him to escape through .
i went looking for the post my bad because i was sure that even though the post was made in a sub about hating cats other people in that sub would tell op that hating cats is one think but animal cruelty was another .
anyone who pointed out that delighting in an animal 's suffering was you know concerning was downvoted .
it 's positive reinforcement training and the trainer is very experienced with reactive dogs her own dog was extremely reactive
he says it makes more sense '' and implied it was cheaper .
only cheaper if forces people to share licenses ... .
i 'll stop seeking attention when people stop making a big deal about my existence and just let me and other trans people do our own thing .
i do n't think cohen had anything to do with 1/6 but as a known fixer lawyer clearly hannity wanted coverage/to do shady shit and needed a lawyer .
maybe he was using michael to relay info to trump and then hide behind lawyer/client privilege ?
i just feel like it 's such a weird thread that no one followed up on .
dock was kinda whatever but its background was removed and margin size 5 .
latte spacer fill available space place two on both sides of the clock
ps it is possible to change the clock font to omori 's but i decided not to .
listen guy they are fully formed that 's what i meant .
i always thought those weapon donations from everywhere are also a big field test for the manufacturers .
any similarity in amanda 's case with the salem witch trial should focus on the only form of evidence presented in the latter calumny which dictionary.com defines as a false and malicious statement designed to injure the reputation of someone or something . ''
as such your invocation of amanda 's case as an example of a witch hunt is totally accurate .
except it is 180 degrees different from the conclusion you have arrived at .
because it was amanda neither the perugia police the italian justice system nor the witnesses making the false and malicious statements .
and it is a crime for which amanda stands convicted and guilty of to this day .
apparently there is a need for sms at my org but they 've been dragging their feet about it for several months .
i may schedule a meeting with the it manager and reemphasize my interest .
but she and my boss know this is what i want
not too fancy meal prepped a week 's worth last sunday but it covers my bases and fills me up .
tomorrow night i 'll actually cook going to try a roast chicken recipe from the back of a carton of stock .
the real question is why are u naked next to a mop ?
it 's really just another way of saying they snatched your spirit out of your body lol .
you can actually leave your body on your own free will with a little practice .
you can check out the astral projection sub here on reddit for more info .
i 'm going to pick it up right now .
just cause some other knucklehead does n't have trigger discipline does n't mean i do n't .
wording is poor this is not an official niantic survey
there needs to be a law about this then it would be enforceable .
let 's get mad at the politicians who did n't make this a law instead of relying on the supreme court not what it was designed for .
same concept as roe i do n't blame the judges as much as the legislators who had decades to make it a law but did n't .
from the questions it looks like they want a value proposition not some vanilla cash flow .
buy x fix y drive revenue sell for z .
this question is actually the subject of several articles .
are you sure it does n't want a sombre stone ?
and are you using the blacksmith or the anvil ?
seeing gleyber hit that homer against the cubs has me thinking .
who was the last prospect that the yanks traded who did some damage against the league ?
i feel u 💯 n more seriously about the taking one before work n once u get home u get craving i get craving bad
is it just me or has it felt like this game has next to no aim assist for a long time ?
i play on ps4 and i can specifically remember back when the game came out it felt much stronger .
pretty obvious but it has n't been explicitly stated ! so the only reason she 's wearing clothes at home is to tell the audience ryoko is the villain !
i like that genjuro 's speech gives some insight to how hopefull chris ' parents were .
they did n't even have names until last episode but you still get the sense they were making genuine efforts to better the world .
ryoko only got away with having super powers because genjuro is so strong that hibiki was convinced that was normal .
if hibiki is going to raise this many death flags she may as well kiss miku before running off .
the timing of the noise taking out the helicopter and hibiki just staring is almost comedic .
and just like the party from episode 2 genjuro immediatly subverts chris ' i 'm not here to help '' line .
the school song playing while hibiki gives her speech really emphasizes how at home '' she is making friends .
i adore the way her hands are her armed gear .
the juxtaposition of using her fists for combat but still being able to hold hands and connect with others is just perfect .
many people have noted how their different abilities balance each other out and it 's great how that plays into the moment of chris finally joining the team .
what a cliffhanger but we know miku ca n't die until after she cries at hibiki 's grave .
link to the old case https preview.redd.it/g6v4gj2qdu491.jpg ? width=640 crop=smart auto=webp s=ea75257afec904eb7a14264988c6ead04fb85f90
similar old case back in 2020 perpetrator sentenced to 13days and 10days each .
no need for bots ... they 're tripping over themselves to function as human bots .
i do n't have another frer to test with and the cheap pregmate brand still shows a stark negative so i do n't trust that anymore since i got a beta of 53 !
keto diet is naturally low in gluten but not because you actively avoid it lol .
you avoid carb loading and by nature avoid a ton of gluten .
nothing wrong with gluten if youre not actually allergic .
the shipmaster had to maneuver the entire ship just to engage another target while the ship 's own side artillery could already do the job ...
really need to add egg yolk and bread crumbs though .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latinas if you have any questions or concerns .
she weighs as much as a duck so there 's not much to build with .
there 's been a library 's worth of articles about that over the last 5 years or so but i like to think about it like this
they felt validated that he was in charge and everyone had to do what he said just like they wish they could do .
it does n't matter they got fucked or that he would n't cross the street to piss on them if they were on fire .
those people will overlook everything because he 's proof that punching down as hard as you can gets you to the top .
it 's just performative cruelty all around because they know there 's a not insignificant part of their base that will cheer it on until the end of the world .
your opinion falls under an incredibly common topic in which virtually all opinions are either not unpopular or are posted about many times a day .
please visit the megathread hub which can be found when sorting the subreddit by hot '' sticky 'd at the top of the page where you can find links to the current megathreads .
if you 're not sure which megathread your post belongs in or your post covers multiple megathread topics just make the best selection you can .
if there is an issue please message the mod team at https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2funpopularopinion thanks !
it seems like most people here do n't realize this is the gmod tool gun
once had a luby dump 5qts of spent oil to my recently filled 120 gal bulk oil tank .
i work at a truck stop and we fill tanks but.. do you watch king of the hill ?
all pet food in the u.s. must be fit for human consumption by law .
reason being is back in the depression rather than not letting old and poor people eat pet food laden with toxic fillers by feeding them people food just make animal food not absolute shit .
remember when doctors used to say smoking is good '' .
you just got ta do your research and find out '' why would you trust a doctor .
the majority of guys i know of who have done it were between the ages of like 6-15 so i think he 's good .
get your hygrometer out of your pot it reads the immediate area and will give you false readings for humidity like that
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
the one on the left looks like a patrol trooper .
thinking of building one myself after finishing my current wip on my mudtrooper from solo .
the one behind the ghost trooper is a shore trooper and behind that is a patrol trooper .
i have a atact driver out of frame as well .
general kenobi needs your moms credit card number the date on the front and the 3 numbers on the back to get leia home
friend lost his ball and as we were looking for it i just instinctively said what color is it ? ''
it 's more about hating catholicism for forcing their religious beliefs into politics than it is about hating catholicism for their religious beliefs .
i know it 's a long shot would it be possible to ask your help with going flawless ?
he 's just gon na strut around on film like this and not even pay rent ?
heck yea id like to help you with some squats
i never followed him or saw any of his movies before .
try changing the fprintf temporarily to a printf to see what is trying to print if anything .
see if your inner for loop is actually getting anything to iterate .
i do n't know how the operator works so ... .
this is an automated reminder that is posted on every submission .
town name or county name age gender must be in your subject line fix it ! !
discussion about buying selling or exchanging money/goods/services for money/goods/services is prohibited .
we have a zero-tolerance policy for talking about drugs of any kind .
mdash our 18 but wholesome room to find friends hobbies events board game teams etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nj4nj if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've thought about this with my carcano collection .
congratulations on losing in the second round to the rangers next yr flyera
windfall tax was basically a scam anyway barely anything will be made from it
you can put either zeke 's herald 30 attack speed for adjacent units or chalice of power 30 ap for adjacent units on the units next to nomsy .
since you need cloaks for the catfish i usually end up with more zeke 's .
you can load up the units on both sides for up to 180 boost split between ap and attack speed .
the calico jack is not a bad starter gun at all .
if you 're playing indoors i 'd recommend a tracer unit get the brighter c and tracer bbs .
when the investors see proof that tesla can not keep up with the productive capacity of the worlds traditional auto manufacturers which begin to use their pr and marketing expertise to release excellent evs to all target demographics the stock will come back to reality .
when the fsd and robot r d efforts are exposed as just that plus the cybertruck likely being a 100k plus homer simpson car like monstrosity the company will be exposed as just an niche car maker for the rich which had its day in the sun years ago as a trend-setter .
i put treats in toilet paper tubes and fold in the ends like the mcdonald 's pie boxes
either he or someone elses going around passing stds to each other .
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfans101 message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfans101 2fcomments 2fvface9 2f22fsellingcustomersonly_new_content_posted_on_my 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
a combination of cost of living crisis and union strike the two stories going hand-in-hand .
man i got a sam7sf i 'm planning to sbr with the same handguard you got on the saiga .
how you like it with the gas block there ?
dropping a half e each and watching romantic pixar animation movies while the mdma kicks in while the scenery in the movie makes you cry bc you so happy
that 's funny i also have an interview june 27th .
he is son of supreme godand this is proven in holy book bible in the beginning of genesis it is given
i was n't sure which he was actually best in/preferred as i remember austria would usually run alaba in a more forward position solely because he 's talented and not necessarily bc his first position was n't lb
just a reference to this simpsons bit https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wv4ete0auiq .
unless you have homer simpson in charge of your interview process it should be clear why those are poor questions to ask .
really leaning into how much leetcode prep has this candidate done '' instead of the how good is this candidate at solving leetcode like problems . ''
as a wise man on reddit said once you 'd think shaw is gohan by the amount of potential his fanboys think he has ''
you can tell who 's the spoiled brat is in the family
only way to guarantee good iv is through a lucky friends trade .
also yes incense is terrible now and only kinda useful when moving
check out muni.org for the city website and you can find maps and timetables for the people mover .
if you 're a strong biker you can get around on bike but walking would be a bit much .
lyft/uber/taxis can get you around for somewhere around 12-25 depending on the distance .
it 's all psychology there 's a ‘boy ' brain and a ‘girl ' brain and a whole spectrum in between them and sometimes the ‘boy ' body gets the ‘girl ' brain and that 's a trans women
i ca n't even imagine dropping the saints and picking up the texans or cowboys .
maybe it could happen if they changed the name and logo to something that belongs in the xfl and have only made vain playoffs appearances in recent times .
ah dawnglare the ev page that conveniently leaves out variants and list cards .
„no matter how you slice it is ... well just you linking to dawnglare ?
and yes i 'm pissed off at the general atmosphere of „everything wotc does sucks .
it feels like a hangout of a school‘s wannabe cool kids in here trying to prove that they hate the system more than the next guy .
there 's some small and valuable signs of life like the guys that pointed out ledger shredder early on or the guys that are/were doing sl analysis but mostly it 's just dudes posting their specs dudes making fun of them and inevitably dudes trashing whatever wotc dares to publish .
call me toxic for calling out this toxic atmosphere if you will and if it helps you enjoy it more .
let 's just hope that the cancer in putin wins sooner than that .
i think if putin goes cooler heads will prevail and this could be over sooner .
either way sent the heavy weapons so ukraine does n't vanish in the meantime .
ponting vi 0 par bohot bar out hua hai career mein .
koi na koi australia ka bezatti hone se bacha leta tha .
be it hayden gilly symonds martyn and bowlers were too good mcgrath and brett both tore the batting line-up of oppositions every series .
those days australia used to come tour in india and still managed to win in india .
and our lonely attack of zak meant no value with both bowling and batting pressure on tendulkar .
dravid ganguly and vvs were n't much dependable in odis either .
but one point too vk also fails in knockouts .
i have yet to be aware of other denominations besides catholicism who are so against birth control .
against sex before marriage yes but after marriage the chains are pretty much cut and they can do what they want .
it 's not a type of allergy unless it 's an allergic reaction .
your immune system is not what 's reacting for a food intolerance .
i 'm all for what op is doing in order to protect their health but let 's not go spreading incorrect information .
damn that big thing would probably have trouble fitting in most anywhere
do you not see the human jawline he has tied to his own head ?
your post/comment was removed due to the site you used .
you can see a list of banned sites here .
https www.reddit.com/r/morbidreality/comments/n995rl/list_of_banned_sites feel free to repost with a different source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/morbidreality if you have any questions or concerns .
there are lots of designer stores all over the dozens of countries in the continent of asia .
i 'm at like episode 27 of saber and tbh it kinda sucks watch it if you want but ik i 'm not a fan of it
he did n't do anything forgiveable like torture or fight dogs to the death man .
during kuvis contest they liked my idea but pointed out some balance issues and confusing wording .
it was a bit rushed so i took the time to polish and rework it a bit .
this is my take on qiyana as a targon champion for target support.i imagine her to be played with taric pantheon akshan riven or yasuo pog .
she can terrashape multiple times per round now. leyline gives you elemental gems in situations where you would n't have them otherwise .
i have gotten interviews and one contract job from an offshore recruiter .
the contract job led to another five year gig .
i could still be there if i realized how good it would have been for oe .
from issues reading on here and have seen at some dg stores you may dislike it .
paying over a billion dollars to not own twitter is really really bad .
no but its possible that he became a warlord when shanks became a yonko
so the christian god does n't prevent evil acts because they 're not important to him ?
lol why even entertain the idea mj magic kobe shaq kaj lbj are non negotiable at this point in time for a top 10
from the canadian paediatrics society 's review of the medical literature
it has been estimated that 111 to 125 normal infant boys for whom the risk of uti is 1 to 2 would need to be circumcised at birth to prevent one uti. http www.cps.ca/documents/position/circumcision and utis can easily be treated with antibiotics .
the foreskin can become inflamed or infected posthitis often in association with the glans balanoposthitis in 1 to 4 of uncircumcised boys .
http www.cps.ca/documents/position/circumcision this is not common and can easily be treated with an antifungal cream if it happens .
the number needed to circumcise to prevent one hiv infection varied from 1,231 in white males to 65 in black males with an average in all males of 298. http www.cps.ca/documents/position/circumcision and condoms must be used regardless .
plus hiv is not even relevant to a newborn .
decreased penile cancer risk number needed to circumcise 900 – 322,000 http www.cps.ca/documents/position/circumcision .
an estimated 0.8 to 1.6 of boys will require circumcision before puberty most commonly to treat phimosis .
the first-line medical treatment of phimosis involves applying a topical steroid twice a day to the foreskin accompanied by gentle traction .
this therapy ... allow s the foreskin to become retractable in 80 of treated cases thus usually avoiding the need for circumcision .
these stats are terrible it 's disingenuous for these to be called legitimate health benefits .
and more importantly all of these items have a different treatment or prevention method that is both more effective and less invasive .
the medical ethics requires medical necessity in order to intervene on someone else 's body .
meanwhile the foreskin is the most sensitive part of the penis .
also check out the detailed anatomy and role of the foreskin in this presentation for 15 minutes as dr .
guest discusses how the foreskin is heavily innervated the mechanical function of the foreskin and its role in lubrication during sex and the likelihood of decreased sexual pleasure for both male and partner .
if the buyer use their own ship even better if an older vessel then the insurance would not matter the cargo would be worth more than the ship .
no one would insure a cargo of russian oil at the moment anyway .
why would n't you just use the gold and gems to put a bounty out on the npcs head ?
some rehabs host group sessions for people who struggle quitting .
you do n't have to go to a rehab but you can go to those meeting and meet people who are like you struggled or struggling still to quit weed .
you may find someone you have something in common with
i got priced out of the rental market where i live .
no one that has offered me a room can house me and my dog .
so we 're gon na live in a camper in my friends backyard .
she 's 12 i 've had her 11 years and i ca n't even fathom putting her down because she 's inconvenient .
no if i have the choice between daylight all time and space pictures then being able to see 100 what have pictures of space done for me ?
the myth of oliveira as some pathetic punching bag needs to be killed .
he 's not diego sanchez getting peiced up by scrubs .
y'all smooth brains are acting like he gets fucked up by dennis siver .
better have create a school so cal state fullerton can play cal state long beach
i bought the foch 155 and even with all my free xp and credits and blue prints i can only come to 50 i 'm not wasting real money to get this shitter .
lin 's is about the same but they have pho .
dimassi but the 410/hwy 151 location and only on saturdays they have mansaf big chunks of lamb on rice .
i like brasao more bc they added jumbo shrimp they have cheese filled steak plus they have grilled pineapple with cinnamon absolutely delicious .
so basically your reply amounts to u mad bro ? ''
yeah you 're definitely the type of player who finds it fun to be rude to others .
i mostly like indie games because i had a bad laptop passed years so i had fun with indies .
i usually ca n't play a game too long and i do n't have much patience to play souls-like .
i believe it 's sherwin williams and we got it from lowe 's .
always got ta go for the tame and then that inevitably turns into combat between said thrumbo and my tamer and his herd of protective husky 's cause he 's got 2 shooting .
it 's my job afterwards i take care of my physical and mental health .
imagine dying then getting brought back to life just to immediately get fried by 2 guys with guns lol
until we 're no longer accused of lying making stuff up being treated like the abusers there will always be under-reporting .
so many do not get the justice they deserve when they do report and it 's a domino effect .
democrats do n't have a filibuster-proof majority in the senate and are unwilling to change the rules to allow simple majority .
it still does n't have full support from senate and house republicans but it can actually pass and it does make positive changes to gun reform .
so yes it very much is this or nothing .
user/chippybops your submission has been automatically removed because titles must begin with psbattle .
please refer to the submission rules http www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/wiki/submissionrules as to why this is the case and check to see that any other rules are satisfied if you choose to resubmit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
let npcs just disable the bounty hunter going after them and leave him stranded .
no it tells the compiler that the object is a produit and to cast it as such .
from the documentation linked below if a conversion can not be made without a risk of losing information the compiler requires that you perform an explicit conversion which is called a cast .
a cast is a way of explicitly informing the compiler that you intend to make the conversion and that you are aware that data loss might occur or the cast may fail at run time .
your comments of the body remind me of his arguments that our bodies adapted to understand not external reality but that which enables our survival which these may very possibility be different things and exclude reality that does not impact that end .
imo if someone needs to constantly post about how amazing their parter is all the time ... ..maybe ... .they are n't ?
looking for constant reassurance that he 's perfect is n't cute
i took it more as it is hard to reach the cup consecutively due to the cap .
players leave to get paid elsewhere so you ca n't keep guys you want to .
i think he was trying to say it makes it so there are always new teams and was trying to compliment his guys for being there 3 times .
i hate loaders with a burning passion i wish i knew how to report them for this bullshit
yeah i know about her statement and it was bad but i do n't think she represents all of germany and the backlash after this was pretty huge for her .
plus aside from her i would n't say that kind of rhetoric is systemic in the german government it 's still bad what she said .
powell stated nicely this market is going to crash like we have never seen before .
i liked the first season and started reading the manga .
i dropped it a couple of chapters after the murder mystery .
there 's something about it that i just despise and it 's hard to explain .
however i genuinely hate both the main character and the rabbit and their relationship makes it worse .
yes but i never run with two hard workouts back to back .
i am a big fan of recovery runs below 155 bpm conversational .
'prosecution ' enna oru sadhanam undu..they arent there as 'pazham vizhungis ' .
that 's usually how court works if you think of it as some secret knowledge only you know .
anticipatory bail is given with primary evidence not hard investigation ones .
messages are deleted and available are n't proof enough to deny bail in this case .
forensic evidence on deleted messages have n't started yet .
rape rape on pretext of marriage rape on pretext of oppurtunity in film intimidation .
the section imposed on vijay babu are these ipc sections 376 sexual assault 323 causing hurt and 506 criminal intimidation in the first case .
and also ipc section 228a for revealing her name .
or your info the court has not insinuated anything but replying to the objections made by prosecution
the court here has made a valid observation on something which has been going on for years .
women using laws to protect them from rape as tools for petty revenge .
and section 319 and 419 are still options out there till a proper frame work rolls out in future .
like i said petty case excuse for one getting raped !
because the logic in this country is that women gave consent once so its excusable .
for you that shitty mentality is the norm and statistics are excuses to maintain that status quo .
you are being judgemental here ... how do you know that the girl isnt a golddigger ?
that 's why i am not making prejudicial judgements before trial unlike you .
the only reason you are calling me judgemental is that you are called out and you ca n't stomach that fact .
court 's comment is conveniently aiding your preconceived notions .
once given consent does n't mean rape could n't happen later .
it just might be difficult for you to understand it as you think marital rape warranting exclusively non rape is fine .
this reminds me that i have yet to receive my amex bonvoy points i earned from a mini min spend of 6k two months ago .
maybe find a volunteer program so there is some structure to it and then travel with people from the program for a month afterwards
lol dude you whip out your phone record and instigate the situation further then get upset when she approaches you .
if you do n't have relevant information on how to navigate the legal system please do n't comment .
fallen kingdom gives me chills the indoraptor is every evil and they give him really cool and thrilling music in the background .
and dominion well it was pretty nostalgic to the other movies it had easter 's eggs galore and i noticed a lot of them .
i heard a lot of spoilers so i 'm sad that a few scenes did n't make the cut but that 's totally fine .
i also really really love how the dinosaurs are getting accustomed to the human world ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bdsmpersonals if you have any questions or concerns .
i have n't done the csf radiator upgrade yet .
planning on taking the z to colorado high altitude again and see if i run into temp issues .
it only happened once on my last trip there .
serious how do we rebulid germany quick without the jews destroying it ?
if you ever have the misfortune of experiencing this get all organic debris and decay away from the border of your house at least three feet out .
they eat decaying leaves which is what attracted them closer to our house in the first place .
also getting all of those nooks and crannies sealed up does wonders for your energy consumption and insulation .
some things are annoying to clean though i 've still not got a decent way to get flour off surfaces while baking .
again just because you do n't like something does n't make it bad .
instead of stating it 's bad as fact instead try saying i do n't like them or it 's not my thing .
it should n't be presented as this dichotomy between two equally valid choices be catholic or do n't be catholic .
you do n't have a right to leave the church .
you ca n't be coerced into believing something of course but on the other hand error has no rights .
apostasy is a grave evil and nobody has the freedom to do it .
a just state would be right in imposing civil penalties on someone who publicly apostatizes from the true faith .
so you can not be coerced into becoming catholic .
but you can be rightfully penalized for leaving the catholic faith .
if that makes it a cult then i guess it 's a cult .
echoing the other person—it 's never ok to smoke .
try to quit that fully if you can if you 've been holding off so far .
addiction is hard but maybe now is your chance .
absolutely agree about holding off at the very least until a few weeks—coughing sucks after surgery .
smoking also slows your healing rate so i 'd personally wait more than a month so you do n't extend your recovery time .
if i saw that deal i 'd take it and run lol
this is not where personal relationships/interactions are to be explored .
its an older man making a young woman feel uncomfortable .
stop being an apologist to shitty behavior that has been normalized .
i think that their walls '' move when working so idk if it would still look like a smile
it 's the current backing of wmemo for redemption which is roughly 32700usdc bsgg 25 of total unvested bsgg taken into calculation which is 329mm tokens divide by total number of total wmemo in curculation 57000bsgg .
assuming you are of a younger generation before the internet and phones with cameras irl it being pulled out and showed off was the 90s equivalent of sending a dick pick .
most ladies in the 90s were flashed at one point or another on the street on a date in class ... ..
in my experience many people hiring data engineers prefer to hire the best bi engineer s they can find and it 's those bi engineers who are responsible for making sure the data is correct ...
if i work on a bi project and the data is not correct i explain what the data engineer did wrong even if i 'm the de ...
they do n't care about the de until the bi person tells them the de engineer sucks ... . they need to be able to almost blindly trust the data
do n't imagine that kids getting pushed around again .
it 's a port of the old mobile version to console by wardrum studios or now known as grove street games i think a lot of the trouble stems from that as another post suggested a quick reload will fix the issue but the real issue lays in the code .
why what are you going to do with all the fish babies ?
it 's pretty specific and there are a lot of simpsons .
maybe it 's a relatively newer one i.em post 2000
i think the fingers get absorbed and dissolve automatically '' when there 's no longer cursed energy in them
my niece pinches beans but she ca n't count yet and has no idea what money is .
she just like the squash them and make her grandfather mad .
they were big dumb for pushing one by one and u took advantage of that .
statistically it 's perfectly safe lol you 're very unlikely to get sick assuming you did n't leave the meat out on the counter or something .
not very hard cause i had the cringy everyone in the world is wrong except me '' phase already just before puberty hit .
tbh i ca n't believe my luck in having got it out of the way .
still have pretty twink '' looks no body hair outside my crotch etc .
but looking at photos of my dad he too had at the same age .
thank for your submission on r/thethiccness for all degrees of thiccness .
r/chubbygirlsgw a body positive sub for chubby girls and those that love them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thethiccness if you have any questions or concerns .
well.. the main difference i 'm guessing is the aperture .
most 75-300 are 4.0-5.6 and almost never professional lenses meaning lower quality glass while the fixed 300mm is likely a f2.8 meaning it lets in a ton more light .
it 's also a professional prime lens meaning extremely good sharpness and color reproduction .
can i ask you what 2 lenses are you comparing here ?
you were very generic and it 'd help to know the precise models .
i was practicing on a fellow blue belt who does n't do much leg stuff and i think he thought i was just doing the worst straight ankle lock ever because he kept coaching me that i was doing it wont and that my arm should be over top .
so i said okay and switched to the straight ankle lock lmao
she 's saving going all out when the saiyans attack and she has to face her master
the city offers both group and private lessons i 'm pretty sure .
yes its not yearly contract but month to month hence 30 days right ?
spoken like someone 14 who does n't remember the popularity of any of the older shows that have brought anime to where it is today .
i see the used chair market is following the used gpu market .
oh i 've always wanted to be a decapitated head in the fridge of a sexy guy !
as humans men or women can be so odious that i want to punch them .
and no i 've never punched one yet because i 'm a human and not an animal .
rich coming from a zionist..israeli 's have killed far more civilians than palestinians
this is just my opinion but since she was shot in the chest and not the head she could come back 🤷‍♀️ i may just want jill to come back😅
expect dislocation of the eu if the interest rates reach 4-5 .
meaning that the eu will detach from the continental plate ?
reddit tends to massively exaggerate the importance of its own movements and the monday walkout idea is no exception .
it 's a meme image in a couple of subreddits not an actual mass movement of half the population .
it 's also a prime example of slacktivism a number of redditors skipping work for a day just to stay home is n't going to grind the economy to a halt like they want to suggest .
at minimum they should be suggesting that people take the day to protest but just skipping work to stay at home for a day has zero impact on politicians or the government .
wrong sub plus it is the usual strawman in this shitty meme .
you can easily get pregnant without sleeping with strangers .
it means if you 're a cop he 'll suck you off .
you have no idea about immunology or for that matter vaccines and virology .
or possibly die if you want from not being vaccinated .
i heard not to feed them or it can cause rust spots ?
you 're trolling surely ... 2ml is clearly going to be 200mg hahaha
crying about being weird animals who suffer things going on that are difficult .
so trying to get into positive vibes and peace again .
i found adding effexor to my current combination of quetiapine and mirtazapine really helped .
but since sertraline didnt work for you illd suggest cymbalta
shinee easily have some of the most emotionally evocative music out there .
for one jonghyun is renowned as a songwriter who has incredibly raw emotion within his songs .
and a song like good evening even before i understood the lyrics and context grabbed at my heart .
the bittersweet synths the choreo ... even their upbeat songs like view has something hard to describe about it a nostalgia for something you 're already experiencing ?
and onew 's voice ca n't do anything but make you feel things .
even smooth r'n'b stuff like move is so arresting it guides you so cunningly into the feeling it wants to impart on you .
i 've been on the danube right in-between serbia and romania and i felt my watch getting stolen as i looked the wallet was already gone .
🇩🇪 i destroy your culture and slavic heritage i 'm so sorry 😟 .
🗿🇨🇿 danke for this now i 'm richer than my eastern neighbors have aryan blood
i 'm assuming you 're sleep deprived and by 'him ' you mean your husband/partner .
no this is not unreasonable to get to that point .
i had to end up on the couch for 6 months and the resentment builds up .
especially when they deny they snore say it is n't even loud download free crappy apps to detect '' the snoring to prove they do n't .
tell him he needs to get and see a dr maybe get a referral to an ear nose and throat specialist .
from the comments i 've read it seems like most people lack the morale to accomplish this goal .
if we lose hope that anything can change then we have truly lost any opportunity for real change to occur .
regardless of what actions we do or do n't take this country will continue its attacks on our freedoms and liberties .
our politicians and government officials will continue to seek outlets to abuse their power .
the question we need to ask ourselves is would we rather die standing up for each other and what we believe in or cowering on our knees ?
forgot about arnold but i still question someone who stays in the current republican party .
i have n't heard too many bad things about arnold though .
er moet met zaken als stiptheidsacties handhavingscapaciteit en een eigen meldplicht een hoop zand in de tandwielen gestrooid kunnen worden in elk geval tot een volgend kabinet .
als boeren zelf hun stikstofuitstoot moeten melden je alleen maar genoeg handhavers hebt als je steekproefsgewijs controleert die controles zo rigoureus uitvoert dat je per bedrijf een week bezig bent en dus nog meer capaciteit verspilt en alleen controleert op bedrijven die al dicht bij de norm zitten en dus slechts met een waarschuwing wegkomen bij eventuele fouten kom je een heel eind .
it had something to do with it but the economic sanctions and the fall of the soviet union were much bigger contributing factors .
not saying people should n't take a moral stand but it will achieve very little while the west buys their oil use their airlines and supplies billions of dollars of weaponry .
i 'd like to point out that just like marriages poe something which ca n't be accomplished by private contracts because it involves government power to force third parties .
i ca n't imagine someone air humping someone else 's face even in red states .
tell me one thing are those people solve every problem in their life that they invent this ?
mb it 's some sort of brain training like i can make functional 1 0.5 0'5 '' bicycle ?
because considering the fact that it 's really complicated shit i ca n't understand why people doing that instead of something more useful .
your decision to spout fact-free opinions is a lifestyle choice .
the reality is that homosexuality has been a part of all recorded human history across the globe .
yeah it 's like the ultimate challenge and feels so rewarding to complete it .
so this mean that i need to disable my fire wall to install ea games ?
truuuu sorry i 've done so many playthroughs that ik the map now but i did have them for a very long time on my first playthrough
saudi government murdered ayatollah sheikh nimr in 2016 a the most renowned shi'a cleric in saudi for criticism .
leading to the falling out of iran and saudi relations .
while the government is doing the eyes wide shut tactic like china and uighurs of showing how anti-sect it is and fairness to shi'as .
it 's all a show cuz in the end they 're still shi'a hating wahhabi 's no matter who they fool .
the mass executions saudi undertook once killed 41 shi'a in one go .
another time a shi'a boy was beheaded by a taxi driver in the holy city medina .
at least in quick match otherwise i play what the team needs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
been smoking since i turned 11 daily since 13 my brain is n't the same since i started i have to smoke before every meal and before i go to sleeo otherwise i just do n't last time i tried have a t break i did n't eat for 4 days yes it 's harming your brain and your body
they 've a new one out called recess time out that made me laugh .
i have n't been laid for the past 16 years
just did i replaced a ni cd battery with a nimh.. not sure if its recharging lol gg
funny thing is the battery i took out of the electric toothbrush cant be recharged using my charger lol
good ole 'they might commit a crime so we should preemptively limit their rights so no one gets hurt for your safety '
i 'll help get all the right things for our new tarantula pet also so it does n't run away and gets lost .
i remember watching this like i recount the diy cooking episode like the episode showing currently and that one scene where the mc takes a microphone and ask the person who has a crush on her but after that nothing changes .
can someone tell me why did n't show go on or at least make a second season because this reminds me of tugs .
abby is shown to fall on the utilitarian side of this trolley problem when she told her father if it were me i 'd want you to do the surgery .
it holds very little weight considering it 's not her head on the chopping block .
she also has no idea what link joel has with ellie and considering he is known as a ruthless killer she might just assume his killing spree had little to do with saving ellie in the name of fatherly love and more about tribally fighting over who gets the immune girl or simply as retribution for not paying him what he wanted .
but abby overheard the entire conversation between marlene and jerry .
it also included joel having the right to see ellie after all they 've done .
there was n't any mention about joel and his weapons .
all this to show you are completely coloring the events with your personal perspective in order to make what abby did seem more wrong than what joel did .
but if you consider things from her perspective ... joel is an ex-hunter turned smuggler who killed abby 's father along with dozens of people she knew dooming humanity to the zombie fungus and essentially destroying her tribe .
she killed only the person responsible for her despair and mercifully let ellie and tommy live knowing full well they might go after her because killing them would have made her no better than joel .
but we as players also have the benefit of omniscience .
just ask the developers nicely to implement it chances are that they will they update dlss sometimes to why not fsr 2.0
came across the idea that the root of all addiction is the inability to sit with emptiness and that the behavior of excess is to create the feeling of being full .
saying that it is fun to feast once in awhile !
having balance in the long run does not mean doing the same thing everyday .
cougar and mountain lion are also the same animal .
you seem to make a lot of mistakes for someone claiming to be legit .
riven mid is good as counter pick against low ranged champs she have 2 advantages in mid 1 a lot of people does n't know what she can do they have no idea they will not know how to play the matchup a lot of time they will get too close to poke and u can just flash and kill them
u can fight early a lot for carbs roam bot/top be more present in the map and snow ball pretty hard riven roaming is no joke 4dashes are pretty fucking good for roaming
there is more evidence of santa claus than god .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
he 'll get plenty playing time in monaco gelson and golovin have hardly set the world alight last season .
volland was also very poor compared to the season prior .
ben yedder is their main man it 's up to taki to show he is good enough .
frankfurt have bought better attacking players already this summer and schalke do n't have money .
not surprising as its usually cowards who feel the need to control others lives by force .
some tower level are aids and if you can actually spam tower it tells me you have the tenacity and desire to clear content .
bro bout to try going up the steps and theres going to be a wall bruh
you should read the ravenor and the first two bequin trilogy books if you liked the eisenhorn series .
they each have different themes and i actually enjoyed them more than eisenhorn but they 're similar in many respects .
in terms of advice you 've got so many books ahead of you in the hh series .
i 'd recommend editing a bit so you do n't get burned out which is easy to do .
there are lots of posts in this sub about core and optional books and i 'd check that out .
it 's an incredible series for the most part but there are some duds or even well written books that do n't really advance the plot much .
i 'm terrible but other people are even worse .
unupgraded shivs are good for single use then upgrade to two hits then three .
this just preserves the number of strikes the shiv had .
you learned a how to make a better shiv but the one you have is still the old skill .
the detectors are meant to stop outies from communicating with innies too .
fwiw they were singing to celebrate the impending passage of a new gun law
my take is duran went too far into jackie 's territory because he wants to prove himself by catching every ball he can .
a conspiracy theorist might say it 's deliberate ... because imagine there was a leftist uprising ... it would allow a right-wing fascist style quashing and takeover of government
lol blocking people with differing opinions to create your own little echo chamber on chiraqology of all places
no i possess this incredible skill called critical thinking which allows me to avoid drawing false equivalencies
seems someone is still salty about 67 and yom kippur am yisrael chai
best thing to do is search for the knife you 're selling .
you 'll find a few recent posts and can see what they 've been selling for .
there 's a whole lot of excepts '' in there .
will abortion doctors facing charges in the south be fleeing to massachusetts like runaway slaves once did ?
it should hold pressure and have a little button to release it back to zero .
guessing the check valve or release valve in the gauge is n't sealing .
give it a shot with the timing light and see what happens i feel like we 've ruled out pretty much everything else .
maybe i 'm crazy but i am pretty sure he has said relatively recently that she was once a liberal when talking about how crazy the left is sometimes
if no one else remembers this than i guess i have lost it but i feel like this happened not to long ago
i 'd wake up every morning and before i 'd start each day
i 'd take a drag from last night 's cigarette
down a little something and then be on my way
which is two punctuation marks and an english letter .
i would have let it slide if it were even just a roman numeral .
you can not post for other people and you can not just share things you like .
this includes but is n't limited to someone posting a friend 's or significant other 's feet for them a
photographer sharing his work sharing a random model from the internet .
as long as your feet are in the photo you are allowed to post with consent content with other
if we suspect anything non-consensual the post will be removed .
all removals are followed by a 3 day ban so you can read up on the rules .
rewatched w my son to specifically look for clues and found none
some american polical shit that americans are going to spam till something else happens .
does the fact that it might hypothetically happen grant the fetus rights over the woman 's body ?
i 'm a good girl and i do n't want to be with you
do you guys have anything i can copy and paste
i just saw the real post a bit above this lol
tell him it 's like getting on a plane .
once you take off there 's no stopping until you land.. but you will land so relax .
advice i got on my first time and i pass it along to everyone really helped me
i was actually gon na say repulsed by meat but did n't want my sentiment to be lost in the joke
keep an eye on contraception privacy personal and data lgbtqia rights marriage equality interracial marriage .
seems those are on the list at least implied by this ruling
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/rocketleaguememes/comments/vjsl7o/irl_musty 32 32
not even till 2024 if they manager to pull impeachment shenanigans after the midterms
i know i should n't be reading the comments before watching but i did and this comment made me realise who won .
if its any consolation i 've just lost around 400 600 hours on one save game due to ssd or laptop failure .
anyway everything apart from factorio and a few bits i done the evening before was backed up i 'm looking at the positives and its a good excuse to force myself to do something completely different still rather frustrating though .
a side note i can not recommend a good backup enough .
edit reading the other comments on this board i did not realise steam cloud was a thing
malzeno trailer bodies a rathalos in midair and then proceeds drop its corpse harder than gunlance speedrunners to ground spliter
kyrie the annoying kid in class who thinks he 's gifted and smarter than the teacher despite failing every single test and quiz .
i 'm pretty sure he is n't even thinking that .
i 'm pretty sure he said if that happens then they should get an abortion .
my god why is this the day people wan na be selectively stupid
i feel it answered a question that was posed in the free comic book day prologue issue .
though it is still early days for the universe .
spoilers below i can never seem to get the tags for spoilers to actually work .
the mask from the shadow ritual house in that issue was shown to represent either one of a group of or an aspect of a single god of death within the universe from the writing on the arch the character entered in the passage and the statues within .
also the mention of an visual representation of feathers and crows are presumably a link to the next entry in the series ten thousand black feathers .
upgrading stanley 's desk had a few good multipliers i was stalled where you are then stanley desk level 3 got me enough cash to open kevin in a few minutes .
this game is reigniting this deep seated hatred for the dodgers .
crossroads used to be bungalow in chantilly as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barelylegalteens if you have any questions or concerns .
it takes about seven days to put it away though .
if i wanted to read a second dfw book what would you suggest ?
go hide and wait for it to come home .
when they sit on it they jump up then attack and kill them and then u get the placisuxis7suxu
trans-women wear woman face and trans-men wear man face .
it 's got emotion it feels and looks real the lyrics are nice .
i guess getting a good response amongst the thousands of aspiring artists out there is extremely difficult .
the second track is also nice you have the guitar and play it well that 's probably why you got more of a reaction .
i 've written similar style songs pretty much exactly actually so i 'm particularly interested .
do n't give up with tepid responses what 's good to you and i may not be good to many other people but there are people who like it and there are a lot of people .
a friend said to me recently that he hates the song bohemian rhapsody widely regarded as one of the best songs ever written .
from my point of view i write music because it 's fun it 's cathartic it 's fulfilling .
if it gets out there and people are happy it it makes the world a better place if one person is positively affected by it then that 's wonderful .
your songs have affected me in a good way .
sometimes i 'll put my hand in my underwear and then smell my hand .
but only after a long hot day it just does n't hit the same if it 's right out of the shower .
he was cool chill and fun guy when he sober though
just saying ... they 're like the at t of d8 .
shit product/service but buys out all the small companies and will have multiples sister companies .
why buy from a company who has to make different fronts ?
i did not realize this article about magenta was going to get people killed my bad .
but keep in mind that expats need to pay higher tax and social insurance now .
you might want to ask them how much it would be after tax .
plus 3k housing wo n't get you any place to live in shanghai
when we fast on type 2 diabetes we make ourselves more insulin resistant because we are eating less when we fast .
so when we finally do eat our body does n't make enough of its own insulin and we get higher numbers .
this was how it was explained to me because i have yo-yo dieted since i was a kid .
i was a fat child then a thin teen underweight young adult until i was 22 when i started to gain from more intense dieting/regaining
i 'm still mad as hell because i could have avoided all this diabetes bs if doctors did n't make a big stink about me being 5lbs overweight for my height when i was 12 causing me to develop eating disorders and obsessions with dieting .
i did n't realize how much of a scam diets were until i saw a dietitian who specialized in helping people with diabetes relearn how to eat .
yep proof/proof so one of the most common early guys .
because they 're not allowed to use chokeholds or other methods of restraint .
a better question is why do you put your prisoner cells one breakable door away from your weapons stash ?
i have recently acquired this book titled the netherlands in court essays in honour of johan g. lammers '' printed 2006 and published by martinus nijhoff publishers .
the whole book looks about brand-new except for the minor creases in the cover .
i looked around listings from different sites and found out that copies are usually unavailable at this time .
another question would the value remain the same if sold locally ?
i am from the philippines thank you very much !
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past 3 hours so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait 3 hours before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsingapore .
i 'd love to have you in this 10 inch cock
how did i still hear the slap when theres no sound ?
the flash suit from the future was literally just the same as s1 except bright red with the white logo .
you can see it in the s1 finale when he stops our barry from saving his mom .
the rf 's suit looking like a mirror of that makes sense
being gay is n't a belief nor a religion .
i would be making this same argument if a jewish or muslim or pagan coach did the same thing because public displays of faith while you 're employed by a government institution like a public school is a violation of the separation of church and state .
also well it 's is n't illegal anymore is probably the most pies poor argument i 've heard about this case .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
i want mine to warm up to me a bit but shes scared because i am huge and she is small
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
that is a dubism and an annoying one at that .
in the original dialogue the gourd that ginkaku and kinkaku who are named plague '' and terror '' in the funimation dub have does not liquify the individual and then makes some kind of special energy juice '' or anything of that sort .
it literally turns them into sake for the two to drink .
there 's no special properties to the sake at all outside of that it 's made of people .
outside of the fact that it liquifies the victims it does n't have anything to do with cell 's absorption ability and buu 's absorption ability does n't liquify a target at all .
if it makes any difference insurance is fairly cheap on sport tourers .
the insurance on my brand new 2021 ninja 1000sx after only 9 months of riding experience and taking an msf course it gives a slight discount is only 68/month for full coverage on a 12,500 bike through progressive which i feel is n't bad at all considering my 390s insurance is 55 and has 3.5x less hp and cost half that lol .
tristan gooley the natural navigator or one of his related books .
how about left clicking the item then pressing right click ?
your submission china urges us to drop sanctions against chinese firms over russia-ukraine conflict was automatically removed because globaltimes.cn is not on our approved domains list https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist .
r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source .
be notable as defined by our domain notability guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist .
notable domains will consist of news organizations research organizations political advocacy groups governmental agencies bodies and political parties .
contain articles videos or sound-clips relevant to current us politics
contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source .
be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey .
if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved domains list please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us .
however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account .
if you submit a spam domain via the form your account may be reported to the site administrators .
to submit a domain for approval use this form https goo.gl/forms/lrqika1ri0bvbkcl1 and follow the instructions provided
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
the tiny light-grey text after the large title is not really a big '' giveaway .
i have n't tried it thoroughly just flew out of hangar .
it can do 6 hours and runs at full details .
it can also be a bit different type of game as i did n't play x4 much .
and i have yet to setup controls for it as i play oblivion now i do n't want to jump between games .
i mean you are an ape so you have that and this 'amazing ' fashion
filing this under the same category as trickle down economics
there is no freedom of speech or expression in canada .
you ca n't even comment on cbc fb comments .
there supposed pilot program that was supposed to be temporary .
i think the liberal vs conservative dichotomy is a cancer rotting this country 's insides .
but also no the toe the line republicans are definitely not conservatives they 're lunatics
yes but stemlords are systemizers and desperately want society to be like maths .
socialism oppresses people by forcing limits on them they might not consent to .
for instance if someone wants to do their own thing and wants to live their life their way with other consenting people socialism forces them into its grips for their own benefit. that 's incredibly oppressive .
i 'm sure you could find a girl to go fishing or bowling with you for some money .
the nazis campaigned on the back of populist ideals that may have aligned loosely with socialist ideaology but those ideals and the people who truly believes them were quickly discarded upon seizing power .
i ca n't say much to it without any evidence could be one missed shot or desync etc .
if new players would take less damage or inflict more there would be proof in pubglookup .
if there was new player handicap it 's not helping my noob buddies they get demolished because they ca n't hit enough .
and when they manage to hit a shot or two it shows correctly that they did 25 or 50 damage .
only thing that 's helping them is that they 're slowly learning to play better .
me please mommy i 'll make sure to worship that fat cock 😍
but this is what they warned us about on the embassy facebook .
they dont normally warn us off protesting so that 's why i remember thinking it was more serious .
is she still going to provide you a receipt every week proving you paid ?
of course they do but i would like to see more of community sense and helps like this for white collar people as well .
you just made me ache for the days when i lived in south america and could pull a perfectly ripe pineapple off its base '' from my adopted family 's land .
now that i am back in the midwest of the us my only comparison might be eating sweet corn that is harvested the very same day .
so special and precisely the way food was meant to be enjoyed ...
17 when she was born but 9-10 months of her being pregnant added so he just turned 17 or was 16 she 's 25 meaning she 's 3 year older then him making her 19-20
oh i 'm not sure entirely probably like half a year before they really started being something
oh well i got reported cause of that comment again it was satire sorry
thank you for the clarification though i was not aware .
woof those first few lines hitting to close to home .
self destruction is so easy to do it feels almost natural .
i know i could better myself if i truly wanted to or if i had to but i 've curated my life in such a way i 'm comfortable and do n't need to .
i want to push myself but i just ca n't .
so i 'm trying to take some small steps to improve .
things that i do n't want to do but know are better for me .
i hate it but i might as well try .
i just hope i can do more then quit bad habits .
but it feels way harder than just stopping some of the bad ones .
weird because my younger brother have poco x3 and it can play on ultra fps
yeah i think that trying to establish boundaries is the mature and appropriate first response here .
your girlfriend 's perspective sounds similar to that of a family member of mine i know how hard it can be to ask someone who gets so passionate about a cause to reign themselves in .
it 's funny i just discovered they could eat corn and the husk .
i got excited and went to buy corn on the cob .
pain okay welp would u mind taking a quick look at my other post .
there used to be underground tunnels from the mansion at the end of davie street to the roger 's sugar factory and also connected to several beaches .
a lot of the downtown sky train stations are in those old tunnels .
also old spaghetti factory in gas town has 4 resident ghosts .
a small red head jokester boy train conductor dark evil man and one woman .
they train their staff about it when they get hired .
do not ruminate on this fleeting failure the campaign is long and victory will come .
this is a program called xviewer maintained by the linux mint team .
it may be based on eye of mate as xed text editor for lm is based on pluma .
you are probably right when it comes to that .
i 'm definitely making a pizza with sliced provolone as a base tomorrow before i close !
yeah this is something that really bothers me about the st and tlj in particular .
the ot characters are all so weak and i do n't mean that in a physical sense .
the big difference is that here they feel like these losses are their own fault .
luke did n't cause the death of the lars .
he did n't influence anakin through force time travel fuckery to make him turn .
he did however accidentaly cause the tipping point for ben .
just as han facilitated all this by agreeing with leia that sending ben to luke was the only answer and so on .
the losses the ot cast suffered in the ot were rarely their faults .
in the st they feel like it is and that 's all the difference .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/horny if you have any questions or concerns .
i went through 291,651,901 posts in 0.63481 seconds and found 1 potential repost s .
the oldest is https redd.it/s3sly0 and is a 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' vo2kdm '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=vo2kdm samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
most players have no clue about pricing this will help
bounty missions in ships or from bunkers ... though i 'd do it just to grind up the rep as a wipe is a comin
alright dude just keep poking your gm about it .
hopefully they 're doing it the same way they did it november/december so that this will apply .
the first step should be to give you the gift card .
most of the hr stuff happens after you receive the gift cards .
you are supposed to choose a gift card and have a manager ring it as petty cash and then the hr shit begins in your manager 's end .
there may be some stuff to do with hr beforehand now but it should not take longer than 3 weeks after your friend was hired to receive the gift card .
i had to wait 4 months for my bonus because my gm was a total fucking moron and all i got was a staples gift card because that 's the only 250 card possible to get in my store .
luckily i 'm still getting use out of it .
nda es fühlt sich für uns aber so an .
irgendwann versteht man dass das nicht so läuft wie bei mutter .
aber das wird ihn nicht attraktiver machen je länger das anhält das muss er wissen .
and she thinks she is serving lewks and takes so much pride in that below avg poorly put together garments .
when she said it 's a performance i actually thought it 's going to be a performance but same old apsara skirt with thigh-high slit and those coconut bras .
those bras ai n't even nice looking they look so bad and uncomfortable .
at this point i feel that her agenda is not fashun but just to show off her body .
i know she has worked hard to get that body but we already know u r super thin komal .
but iggy 's name is actually iguodala with just 1 g .
edit lol just realized what i thought was the i '' was actually lee 's name vertically downwards .
bro no homo but if we were gay i 'd totaly smash .
message/compose ? to 2fr 2fguessthemovie subject=bot 20error message 0a 0a 0ahttps 3a 2f 2fredd.it 2fvnrlxj
i figured tohru will be a maid in the kobayashi family forever .
if u got ta add deo in ur bio to show u deo 99 chance u cap
doing owt nice or just a chill for a couple of weeks ?
more like a safe haven for the extremely rich and powerful when all goes to shit on the ground .
looked both up incognito proved to be a good choice and i think you mean there is more sex and nudity than skyrim .
the way you wrote it out made it look like there is more sex and nudity in skyrim which is untrue .
honestly that 's the reel i started with for baitcasting and i loved it
imagine thinking the russian leadership wpuld act rationally in any situation .
jk i generally agree with you but we should never underestimate the russian idiocracy .
whats the seed id like to do a playthrough in this world
women love armed men for some reason even if they ca n't put their finger on it .
hmmm ... if it really inherits the hp might explain why her knight survived so long when i was playing her with hybrid build
here a question can you name a isekai collab where the isekai'ed characters lost their powers ?
also dmc did had a collab with last cloudia and dante still has his power despite being in a different world .
aside from the buses that just went around uta for the students i also had no idea we had any .
i hear that large swaths of the states are anti-union mostly republican from what i understand .
but why are police unions given a free pass by these states ?
i usually put all of the focus on explaining the boundaries and give a couple of examples of farms and only after that i explain how they are scored which is simple to understand at that point .
maybe others lead by immediately saying how the farms are scored and only then explaining how they are formed which leads to people getting confused since they are focusing on figuring out how many cities it 's touching instead of using all of their brain power on learning how the boundaries work first .
you better have tagged photos within the next 5 minutes or you will be banned for 3 days
you better have tagged photos within the next 5 minutes or you will be banned for 3 days
you better have tagged photos within the next 5 minutes or you will be banned for 3 days
you better have tagged photos within the next 5 minutes or you will be banned for 3 days
you better have tagged photos within the next 5 minutes or you will be banned for 3 days
you better have tagged photos within the next 5 minutes or you will be banned for 3 days
hello this is to let you know that your post is up and running .
since you are selling please make sure that you read all rules https www.reddit.com/r/sneakermarket/about/rules to ensure that your post is n't removed by a moderator .
if you are caught selling/trading fakes of any kind sneakers or not you will be permanently banned without warning .
please ensure that you have your items tagged and priced .
if not your post will be removed without warning .
if you are not verified please delete your post or a moderator will .
to become verified create a reference here https www.reddit.com/r/sneakermarketrefs and send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsneakermarket once you have 5 confirmed sales .
only verified flaired users can use email confirmation for recently released shoes so no tagged photos necessary .
links to ebay grailed and similar sites will be removed .
only link those as a reference and not a sale .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sneakermarket if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm probably missing something here so i 'm hoping someone can explain why should i care if companies can access my period cycle data ?
like yeah it 's personal but do they really care when i 'm on/off my period ?
someone also mentioned that open-source apps are rendered useless if police ask you to unlock your phone .
again why would they care to access that info ?
i 'm in the uk so perhaps i have a different outlook on this to those elsewhere .
we had 4 weeks of disability post birth followed by 12 of paid cfra .
fmla is unpaid and we took that after the disability and cfra ran out .
how thick a skin can you buy for a cool half million a year salary ?
he is gon na ride this out unless directly forced out .
this is going to sound weird to you but itachi
get the 128bit yuzu build it 's the yuzu early access version for free
well officer i just let out a hotbox in yo face ... . ''
holysht how is this not more popular and how did you find this
edit apparently this feature exists multiple decades old never heard of this before as someone living from an asian country
no worries sometimes i also call my wife my ex-gf
i was thinking about picking the political one but one person should not have all that power .
the death note one also gives me a lot of power that could be abbused but i 'd like to use it to just be immune to mental illness and lock the book away never using it .
something really horrible must have happened to this baby to justify the word failed in regard to breastfeeding .
because she has the darkhold would n't she become stubborn again and demand his brother and vision back ?
it 's just those tattoo haters whining you look awesome 😁
you may have better luck in a different subreddit .
i use a rain shell and i wear layers beneath it .
carrying jackets can be too much for one bag travel .
you could try using shadow barrage hellhound familiar for even more damage reduction
never heard the insult plant pot but i love it .
it seems they do n't have lamb shawarma so what do you recommend ?
i only have a question what do you mean by soon to be banned books ?
mislim da je to zbog mjesnog odbora ili nešto slično čula sam da su savićani redovito na skupštinama i da se baš nedaju .
the nurses techs and all the doctors but one were kind respectful and supportive .
i did n't truly realize how neglected and abused i had been for so long .
i stopped caring about the opinions and needs of the negative people in my life and cut them all out .
i 'm confused the two definitions of the word are opposite things 🥺
he an extrovert does n't think there 's something wrong with me an introvert because i do n't want to be up other people 's asses all the time .
he mostly leaves me alone to do my thing he does his thing and occasionally we do things together that we both enjoy .
some people may not think that 's much but it can be fucking awful being with someone who does n't or wo n't understand a foundational part of you .
i lived in london and a smaller town called oundle for a while .
it was lovely and it 's one of my favorite places in the world and has waitrose the best market in the world .
only after i came back to dc nyc did i realize how much i missed america .
and i think it 's awesome that you did n't freak out or get offended at the child 's question but handled it with a great deal of understanding and grace .
i actually have a deaz certificate 🙃 some of us are stuck here
would you do lion king and mulan 2 for 10 ?
there are four waves of mobilization just throwing in more man wo n't be that effective especially when the war is essentially a battle of artillery .
there are a lot more duties besides holding an assault rifle management logistics information and so on .
the old saying that the pen is mightier than the sword is also at play to get this artillery the world needs to be aware of what is going on without the foreign aid we ca n't do much .
i covered some of the events in the region but ca n't talk much about it .
i only recently got the luxury to continue making reviews ...
even now more than half of the soldiers are buying their own carriers medkits and uniforms .
would be awesome if our government started asking for full load outs besides heavy weaponry
we are not at the capacity to provide even current service man recent reservist or ato oos .
we are definitely heading into a global energy crisis .
indeed always trying to kill me while i can just look at them and disintegrate them in a second
i do n't think many people were prepared for how succ the republican base became as long as it 's an anti-woke succ
with things like the isagi cycle the author has some predictable writing .
during rewatch though she was equal amounts kooky but self-aware ?
i think she was a good addition but did n't vibe with that cast .
any other city she would 've held her own but there was no space for her up against b carole sonja ramona and lu .
i do not disagree with any comment of this section fictional characters are just ❤️‍🔥 .
i am searching for them in everything like in my way to work there 's this garage that fixes cars and stuff and the name is roger every single day my mind goes like roger 's garage richy mwaf jake i miss jake '' .
ok thanks for the new home but its fell off its like somebody is watching me
molti di questi utenti se fossero commercianti/imprenditori non avrebbero problemi a non emettere lo scontrino perché tanto direbbero ma siamo seri davvero dovrei mettermi a seguire delle leggi simili visto come vengono spese le nostre tasse ?
già mi faccio in quattro per andare avanti in questo paese con un ' economia morente e devo mettermi a buttare i miei guadagni in questo modo quando è colpa dello stato se fa solo la sanguisuga ?
tanto i miei sarebbero spiccioli che differenza vuoi che faccia ?
o ancora '' ma dovrei pagare un cameriere più di 1200€ ?
ma avete idea di quanto sia alto il cuneo fiscale di quale sia il costo del lavoro in italia ?
pago 800€ massimo mi spiace ma non posso davvero fare di più in questo paese dove i consumi continuano a diminuire e le leggi del lavoro sono così stringenti alla fine non è colpa mia se non posso permettermelo io ho il diritto di mettere il pane in tavola . ''
25 m4f glasgow looking for someone in the glasgow area for fun .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/scotlandr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i used to think like this when i was younger and before i got into foreign cinema and started to actually understand all the difficulties and pitfalls that come with translating words for a new audience .
it 's not always as easy and simple as one might think there are many reasons to adjust text that have nothing to do with 'editorializing '
he told his followers to be inclusive and compassionate .
that antigay stuff comes from the old testament and hateful modern right-wing evangelicals exploiting rube 's fears of people that are different .
so are the tampa players also refusing to wear uniforms of mixed fabric as also forbidden in leviticus ?
because that has about as much biblical weight as the anti gay bullshit .
i 'm not sure but i can tell you it 's almost definitely not autumn almanac
you ca n't get close to the stones and it rally is n't that impressive a sight .
if they go to nearby avebury it is a bigger circle they can get up to the stones and there is a quaint little pub there .
i meant a few hundred or a few thousand years old .
your submission contains a common typo or writing error and has been automatically removed .
you may proofread your submission and attempt to post it again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
it took us a minute to realize what they were trying to do
i have done the 2 and 4 i have yet to start the 1 but i like it a lot .
yeah own purchased modem and router can help but it wo n't make their shoddy network any better .
how to make your online experience at home better ?
wherever you are there are options you can look into .
u/ocg_fiber https ocgcom.com and t-mobile home internet https t-mobile.com/isp for example .
disregarding books for now do you find that you lose things after literally putting them down a moment ago ?
i hate when people get reddit pages taken down .
like what did you think was going to happen when you plaster yourself online .
do they really think everyone is required to like them ?
do you realize how many individuals are executed by the state and were later found through dna evidence to be not guilty of their crimes ?
so unless there is a way with absolute certinity we can determine if someone murdered someone then i do n't condone capital punishment .
i was vegan before my uc symptoms began and still vegan now 2 years post diagnosis .
i personally believe that eating whole food plant based is one of the best things you can do for your gut .
i also recently had to concede my beliefs that no meds is the only way and start taking entyvio .
the diet was restrictive and they were very much about fruit and veg no legumes soy grains etc .
those foods absolutely belong in a healthy beneficial diet and i do not agree with that philosophy .
if you want to look into wfpb eating check out the ulcerative colitis crohn 's plant-based diet healing protocol group on facebook .
there are gis and rds in the group and everything is evidence based .
i wasted 2 years suffering and hoping i would heal knowing i was doing everything right .
i honestly was doing everything perfect but my uc would not budge .
i want my life back and if that means taking entyvio so be it .
many say that entyvio only starts to work at 6 weeks and feel the full effects by 6 months .
i 'm at 4 weeks tomorrow and have made quite a stride in how i feel already .
i think that my diet is helping things along and i am doing everything i can do let entyvio do it its thing .
i heard the fan theory that the government was trying to pin the blame on sonic intentionally as to not let the public learn about the top secret project shadow .
it was night so people may have assumed sonic only looked black due to the lighting reason this is n't reflected in game is because old game graphics unable to do it justice or trying to make it seem more clear to the audience .
a lot of shadow 's concept art looked a lot more like sonic so it 's possible no one bothered to change that plot point when the design changed to look less like him .
not really a money sink since you can have a mini quest to get that 50k gold to purchase it
if you can get fibre then 100 get that instead way more reliable
but just too mention 5g in ireland is hit and miss alot of masts have been upgraded to support 5g but indoor coverage still is n't guaranteed and 5g does n't have a long distance .
if you live within 3km of a 5g mast then you should be fine but anything more than 3km if not ideal for 5g .
what you can try is taking the sim card out of your phone manually selecting 4g and see which is faster between the 4g and 5g
just make sure your phone is unlocked otherwise you can try the sim card trick
as the wu tang clan said cash rules everything around me '' .
to me it is d tier because of my pvp experience .
literally no one plays atomic and people who do are total garbage .
if atomic ca n't beat raion akuma tho it ca n't go past d 😢
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
but where does one even find a smith in this day and age ... life is tough for a modern yandere .
i got my stuff at a thrift store for under 20
most right wing parties get supported by russia with money .
the seperatist movement in spain even got initiallised by them
if he exists outside the money influence and can not be bought the entire political machinery will be used to destroy him any way it can .
seems to be only a white kid thing to do
shot by a hero while firing into a crowd .
not surprised you do n't know about him he only attempted a mass shooting did n't really succeed ... but he was black not a white kid '' like your casual racism seems to imply he would be .
you just made the city in the city sound like the greatest thing i 've ever heard of !
none of it even looks good and i will never understand wearing a jacket or sweater ontop and tiny clothing on bottom .
also they did davide so dirty in the promo photos if this is what he really looks like !
i 'm on the more fluffy side and i used to feel that same way but eventually i just accepted that there 's nothing wrong with that ◡‿◡
otherwise you make android users feel like second-class citizens right out of the gate .
social media apps need to be on both platforms and imo web as well .
not gon na jump into how you 're gon na do that .
if you are resource constrained such that that 's not possible fergidaboudit !
only case for single platform first is mvp to show investors .
keep it minimal and nothing wrong with a man behind the curtain .
unless we 're being hypocrites here or have maybe forgotten the judgment placed on the male poster who forced a woman to carry pregnancy to term sign over parental rights pay child support and is now wanting her to be involved .
she chose to keep the pregnancy knowing you wanted no involvement .
you pay child support for a child you did not want .
there 's an innocent child being weaponised against you here .
never date a woman if she has no potential to be worth more to you than money .
at some point a sig other will be worth more to you than money because of the companionship and family relationship which is totally unique to them .
there is no way to replace that with money or even a new relationship .
so if a woman does n't have that potential do n't even date her .
its not like other well established associations mumbai or tn for example are free of corruption and political influences .
nyx epic eyeliner if you 're looking for liquid eyeliner in pen form
bit random as i was just passing by and love a code but yssyx just led me to a youtube channel called 'dismissyourself ' which has similar tunes and graphics to the other links yssyx leads to .
they uploaded a new vid 3 days ago called evilambition .
laughing horse also leads me to an interesting kiwi comedian whose subjects are as diverse as 'shakespearean literature pornography and pingu' and apparently he is also a dr of philosophy was cyber punk and '*was course co-ordinator for the webuni comedy and performance courses .
his interest also includes writing and research and he has published books relating to his interests in nineteenth and twentieth-century american literature addiction popular music adolescent writing and dystopian and utopian literature .
what part of the comment above this do you not understand ?
survived the bomb because he was built out of adam 's wood fed a zoan fruit .
if this is a raid be sure to leave a comment with your in game name .
if the host adds you assume you are doing the raid and do not spam other posts please .
host please make sure to only add those who are doing the raid !
do not leave the raid with less than 20 seconds left !
after the raid is done add the remaining people that added you and then remove them to save your friends list space .
if you decline it they will be unable to add you in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongoraids if you have any questions or concerns .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a recognized geographic location .
you have a 3 hour grace period to re-submit your post with the correct format .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bostonr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
are you saying that these are the norm in those areas ?
then a couple of the other singles and i loved them .
my kid i also participated in the roblox event for sai .
give me my luna 's howl and give it to me now .
its getting close to that stage imo the code works on hopes and dreams sometimes i swear
rewrite time would be a small changes leading to full changes over time we 're talking a year or so out at this point
i saw him in dallas my face hurt so bad afterward it 's incredible .
i hate how you put those words in that order but you 're absolutely right .
yep so happy to live inside the factory they have to install suicide nets .
and do n't forget that we 're all irrational stupid and hate science !
where do you live that it 's already tomato season ? ?
la nivelul actual al fotbalului mare in romania jur ca mai bine ma uit la scrima sau la echitatie .
playing kc through several vpn and rdp connections feels so weird the lag is crazy .
really ca n't recommend doing the debuff on lower difficulties normal and down .
s ranking u did n't look fun to me .
also oss dd hime death line was pretty touching .
i ahem almost felt bad sending whogerou into scrap yard immediately afterwards .
the article is behind a paywall but it seems like their problem is with the orange traffic cones and concrete barriers .
maybe removing the safety precautions because you think they 're ugly is n't the best idea..
rinse the shit outtah the wound throw on some baci ointment .
another minute or two and they 'd really have been screwed
have you checked out wgtow or other womanosphere '' subs ?
if they were just as toxic towards men would that surprize you ?
apart from redpill most male separtist subs mostly only make fun of women .
they consider them less than human sure but with a sense of pity .
whereas female separatists downright hate men with a vengance .
some go out their way to share tips and tricks to trick men like baiting financially destroying .
apart from redpill and incel subs there are very few manosphere '' subs that want to cause hurt .
personally i do not believe any amount of socialization can fix men .
the only way it might yield any positive results is if they are small in numbers and never allowed to interact with each other and form groups .
maybe neutering them at puberty might help reduce aggression .
i 'm not very comfortable with the idea though .
way more toxic than making fun of women '' would n't you say ?
my bad i was trying to help forgot to cover the barcode
i 'm so sorry that you 've gone through this trauma .
that 's really awful and you deserve people who respect your boundaries .
i think that you do n't hate talking to women '' i think you hate talking to shitty people .
your feelings are valid and you deserve better but try not to write off a whole gender .
it felt very edited down to me like scenes were pulled and replaced with two lines etc .
i hope there is an extended because then i might agree .
i loved it for like 45 min then the pace got very fast and would n't breathe at all
looking at this on mobile for some reason it just shows the picture not the text above it .
when i first watched at the episode of dance party in cave where everyone wore a bandana to cover up aang i wondered where everyone found the same bandana .
now i realized that it 's the belt of the school uniform .
no wonder everyone at school thinks kuzon '' is weird .
it 's very common for sequels to pay for audiences hating the predecessor .
it happened early in the year because there were fewer cards in circulation at this point most people have a lot of cards for every team so it 's not as much of a thing anymore
america has the biggest economy on earth and y'all ca n't scrape enough together to provide free education y'all suck with money then .
also the more access to education you can give the more chances you have for people to climb out of poverty is n't that the american dream ?
it also means more tax payers paying more taxes which gives the government more funds in the long term .
are you really so heartless that you do n't want to pay a few extra dollars in tax to ensure your entire country including family and friends and future children have access to a now way cheaper education ?
where do you stay i 'd love to introduce you to my girl
'dark ' was entertaining until feminism reared its ugly head .
the last episode ended with an unmentionable cracking a mental illness joke about someone else .
the key to not worrying about inflation is to already have lost all your money in stocks .
as long as the retainer is free from cracks/fractures that undermine its ability to hold your teeth in their position the retainer is still considered good .
scratching is normal especially if you clench or grind .
this is adorable i want to pull for him now !
lets not worry about it now since its gon na be so long for him to become a king
sounds like you 're projecting that 's something i learned in therapy !
the mazda miata was designed with stance in mind .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/carscirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
tell your mom you 'll call the police because if it was n't her then there is someone breaking into your home and stealing things .
and then either wait for her reaction or do it .
she 's not just stealing from you but from your child .
it does n't matter that she is your mother .
the good news is that the flat-earth movement has slowed down a bit over the last few years .
the bad news is that most of them went to q anon .
its from bosch security systems apperantly google maps https maps.app.goo.gl/6cbtujhgjuexce8v8
that exercise took place in norway 's mountains in the winter .
very lynchian beginning with the record not an adjective i ever thought i 'd use about a porn video !
maybe i should n't have commented without looking it up first .
it 's a legit shortsqueeze candidate and a very explosive setup .
ortex reported 223 of the float sold short today .
they recently manually looked at the data and posted their reasoning for their 2m float estimate and stand by it .
the takeunder offer is the reason why this crazy short squeeze setup is there in first place .
shorts are paying 0.6 per day to keep their positions open and they started their positions at much lower prices .
meanwhile the takeunder buyout from chicken soup is some time in h2 with no set date so still far away .
by that time shorts probably already paid more than the 10 in borrow fees per share .
i do n't see how they gon na make a profit on this .
if love it if he had to have one of the 4 approved hairstyles too .
so robin and inumamushi didnt appear in this chapter .
since inu is the one who explain the red ponegliph in zou arc .
the windsinger trilogy is funny and thought provoking and the author is amazing .
it 's a story about children who have to fend for themselves and save their own lives while solving a big mystery .
the first chapter of the first book sucks you in and it 's very hard to put down .
how do you get the numbers in parentheses next to your name
if you play any other tactics games the skills transfer pretty well .
if you 're playing on the lower two difficulties its quite doable .
classic/commander and impossible/legend are where the specific game knowledge starts to feel more necessary .
be as understanding to yourself as you are with others .
if i try to analyze myself i 'd guess that the lack of self-esteem that persists even when doing exercise and achieving goals might be negative self talk always not being good enough needing to do more and comparison to others .
that was basically all he had to do-tretch the floor for j .
also maybe become a decent back up center when joel is out like drummond did .
he had one 30 point game i think and that was basically it .
no you wo n't stop getting it but you can be forced to use it .
not often one to say it but those ideas invite risk into your life .
i think i found the movie they were talking about .
‘happiest season ' where a lesbian wants to propose to her girlfriend in front of her family but finds out that she 's not out to them .
not saying it happened though film crews need to ask permission if they think your house is special enough for their film 💀
it is crazy how it feels like we only scratched the surface in this 20 year old game .
especially regarding certain civs like khmer cumans or the new gurjaras .
as the guy in white armor who strolled up with a nerf gun this was the most fun i 've had in this game in a while .
bro congrats how do you feel now do you feel like to stop or continue ?
long shot but how did this go for you ?
pay would be based on role more main character ps will get paid 11 an hour with breaks minor ones will get paid 7 .
if the go fund me kicks off the pay will raise .
this was the feeling i had right before i decided to take my break so i am guessing maybe that is the best path .
i did have the same sorta thoughts getting excited at the idea of an rp and the setup fhen just completely checking out the second it started .
really the only solutions i could say is 1. expand your rp horizons join a different rp group in a different style or just take the break either should reinvigorate .
you need more than 1000 total karma to post here .
read this for an explanation of post vs comment karma
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes in r/specialsnowflake to gain entry before you reach 1000
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're getting quotes in that range then i guess mine is n't as far out as it initially felt
yup 100 could have killed me helmet or not .
he was about 15m up and luckily i saw it coming and took one step to the left .
it took one bounce off the wall hit me on my right shoulder then hit the ground .
this was in smith rock and i had forgot my helmet in the car but was n't too worried about it since we were just cragging some sport routes .
i was belaying with a grigri and managed to keep hold of the brake it hit my brake hand shoulder .
we were climbing in a group of 3 so i called the third over to back up the brake and we lowered the climber .
i assessed the damaged as minimal and decided to get myself home .
home is 9 hours away in canada where healthcare is free so i drove to the nearest gas station picked up some tylenol a pack of smokes and a bunch of food and hauled it back to the border .
my buddy brought my stuff back a few days later .
i pretty much always wear a helmet now unless i 'm free soloing i almost always use a grigri in most belay situations .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=mmmamamam .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah you might not have much opportunity to appreciate the lore during the apocalypse ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsshowering if you have any questions or concerns .
well it would work on any country that is n't used to being suppressed by british scum but hey were used to it we 'd still win like we won last time
nothing good to say ever unless it 's trying to make herself look good and even then she does an appalling job .
i for one can not wait for her to have her breakdown so she can move on with her life .
i 'm sick of both of them at this point .
for all bots and spammer do n't try it we check it if you follow us .
every 1000st mint will trigger the contest where 10 random buyers can win 10 of the minting cost .
we will send the price money in matic at your minted address .
note you must mint 5 nfts to enter the special giveaway
we will drop daily 1 legendary nft from our collection .
if you like and retweet our posts you will automatically participate in our contest where you can win the legendary nft .
if you are a chosen winner we will dm you and then send us your wallet address .
every 1000st mint will trigger a contest where 5 random holders are able to win 1 legendary nft each .
for all bots and spammer do n't try it we check it if you follow us .
tyrol is a western austrian state in the alps that 's known for its ski resorts historic sites and folk traditions
south tyrol or alto adige is a province in northeast italy .
it includes part of the dolomites range with limestone summits like the three peaks of lavaredo .
out of curiosity what happened in '96 that created this tangent ?
that 's comforting thank you and congrats for being awesome .
i can be totally extroverted and then boom be introvert for the rest of the evening or even week .
when i am with people i ca n't relate to or start feeling strange with i stay a bystander/listener or go away .
when i am with the right people my brain/body explodes with energy and i feel like i am in the right place .
i can talk to total strangers as well and talk even about very personal topics .
or i am so nervous and spend a lot of time thinking about how to approach someone who i just need some info from that wo n't change my life in a noticeable way .
i recently picked an e350 and i love it !
the ride is incredibly smooth and the four cylinder engine is ample surprised me .
i got one with the amg night package and it looks great .
one thing i noticed is it 's a much better ride when i 'm just cruising around .
when i start to speed things up and push it it feels a bit out of tune .
r/onlyfansnaturallyhot is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansnaturallyhot if you have any questions or concerns .
just look up ezra miller hawaii '' and you 'll see .
basically he 's just been a general terror on the entire population of the islands .
ive had someone do that to me b4 so i know how bad it is .
i wo n't be buying a new build after all the bad things i 've heard/seen .
looking at the warscrolls i 'm leaning towards building the slaughter queen on cauldron of blood and bow snakes
that 's why in top-20 tfs there 's at least 7 ad and 2 bruisers lmao
agreed bur take a z1 and give it marauder ppcs ... it 's damn close .
better go ahead and add r/airplaneears while you 're at it .
bedbugs will actually crawl to their food source temperature does n't matter .
if you get up and sit on the couch and they are feeling like chantal after a wheelchair they 're coming for you .
they tell you if you get bedbugs in your bed do not move to the couch or you will spread the infestation .
they can go dormant for months and still live without food even in a storage shed .
i had them once and they did not stay where it was warm they will infest any furniture clutter they can hide in that their food source is often near .
there 's automation to lock and unlock them based on the water level of the pwater .
not aware of there ever being a survey before .
surely fanboost can not survive concrete data of everyone disliking it
i might be very wrong but i think you can understand them only if you are in a group .
on last weekly reset while waiting in front of great vault there was still a lot of nonsense in chat as in incomprehensible words
lots of delayed gigs etc on in dub in june this year post covid dermot kennedy playing an outdoor gig last night in malahide that 's been delayed 2 yrs now for example and families going away for the first time post covid as schools closed end of may meant that a large chunk of ppl who 'd usually be there could n't be .
add all that to a friday night game so the usual traveling support from around the province not being able to make it and you get what happened .
i looked on minoxidil max before but idk if they 're legit
to get to know about using nano x. i will suggest to go through basics in youtube .
⁠in mintscan a validator 's voting power refers to tokens delegated to that validator .
more tokens staked means more voting power of that validator
•commission lesser is excellent 5 is what you should look for .
also if the validator has 0 commission on their node it is most likely that they will not be included in airdrops .
•self-bonded tokens it means tokens staked by that validator on their own node .
•⁠slash protection it works as crypto-insurance in case of slashing or downtime of a node
please let us know if you want to know anything else about the cosmos ecosystem and its tokens .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
this question has already been asked on eli5 multiple times .
if you need help searching please refer to the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/wiki/how_to_search .
if you would like this removal reviewed please read the detailed rules https www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/wiki/detailed_rules first .
if you believe this was removed erroneously please use this form https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=please 20review 20my 20thread ? message=link 20 url 0a 0athe 20concept 20i 20want 20explained 0a 0alist 20the 20search 20terms 20you 20used 20to 20look 20for 20past 20posts 20on 20eli5 0a 0ahow 20is 20this 20post 20unique and we will review your submission .
i love dirk but in a conversation like this you got ta point out he lost to an 8 seed as an mvp and his defense was n't really what it needed to be .
please review the full text of rule 5 no questions related in any way to injury pain or medical topics https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules/rule5 and seek advice from a qualified medical professional instead of the internet .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
it was accepted and is now visible in the subreddit .
please review our rules and ensure that the movie or show you are envisioning as the answer to your clue is not listed in the rules and too cool for school list https www.reddit.com/r/explainafilmplotbadly/wiki/rules .
as a reminder please remember to reply do not edit it must be a new reply with ' ! solved ' when the correct guess is made .
this will allow the bot to flair the post properly remove the unsolved flair and give both you and the correct respondent points !
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=jsjshhshaaaah .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
one thing you can try to keep in mind is that sex should n't be a predefined dance that in a way or another leads to penetration sex should be a game you play with a person you trust and you define the rules as kids do when they play .
for example you could start kissing and exploring ways to kiss and while kissing you could just touch through clothes or put his leg between yours to hump a bit .
maybe you can let him play with your nipples and just do that .
whatever feels safe for you to try without stress .
it 's not a disappointment it 's the way you two have sex you define it in a way that works for you and enriches your time with him .
i wonder if they were able to make it to the parking lot without having an argument .
also you seeking sex with the same sex makes you not straight .
i just told you some straight men can be touch starve due to the lack of attention from women and might go for the alternative a fem guy still fantacizing about women even thought what they see fcking is male .
straight people have anal too this can be a situation where they are still straight bcz the dude they are fucking is posing as a woman .
you looking like a woman is not a reflection of the guys ' attraction its just ur confusing enough to fool his body .
theres no difference between sexually doing doggy anal with a woman and feminine guy that looks like a woman .
you are too fragile for this world the definitions of words make you triggered
when it comes to sexuality u guys keep making up words after words .
if i ask you what makes someone a gay man u wont be able to answer because u guys created a whole list of words .
ur the one triggered cuz ur the one imposing someone 's sexuality assuming u know better than them .
i am not saying this is going for you but for me its been a battle with health and depression .
as well as gravitating toward people who treat me poorly because of my early family life .
im starting to come out of that and meet people who genuinely love me for me .
i was n't seeing them because i was so focused on people who let me repeat my pattern of insecure attachment .
then as depression lifts i get more in touch with who i am and its easier to open up to others .
but catfish will eat abythingb they are scavengers bottom feeders .
that 's why a lot of people think it 's gross to eat them .
but down here in the south the are goood eatin ' !
racism and bigotry do n't survive exposure to those they fear and hate i just want you all to try to reach to people before you condemn them if they 're assholes after that well at least you tried
my problem is not with people doing what they want with their bodies .
of course anyone can do anything they want with their own body .
my problem is with the societal messaging that a 30 year old should inject toxins into their face so they do n't have lines in their face when they laugh .
because they can be spoofed a link that goes to the company website is trustworthy but you have to be careful that it 's actually linking to the company website scammers are known for using links that at a glance will look the same but there is a difference somewhere to link you to a malicious website .
i got hit and knocked down on a crosswalk with the walk sign on in halifax .
the driver did n't even get out of her car .
you literally have an auto mod bot that says your subreddit is racist against americans .
all i wanted to do was enjoy some football memes but instead people are upvoting posts that say all americans should die and i 'm told to fuck off yank '' .
hating an entire country of people because of where they live is not okay .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccercirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=cub-boy_18 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i will make sure you would think how it would be for me to pleasure you and you could n't touch me
he has rigged up his gaming system to be controlled by a tiny paddle on each side of his head which is the same system he uses to control his wheelchair .
he slaughters and talks shit like a bad ass .
even when we used to play dungeons dragons he would spend three days rolling up my character and kill me in about five minutes .
definitely not a hazard unless someone angry with an axe comes in .
when i was suicidal i did n't have good hobbies rather than the bar or drinking and my friend 's basement .
i ca n't stress enough how hiking saved my life .
it 's such a dopamine rash and it gives me something excited to look forward to .
find something that tickles your fancy and put your heart into it .
here 's the source of the original despite it being within the crosspost. https www.reddit.com/r/helltaker/comments/va64ap/room_full_of_demons ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf
thank you for sharing about your thought process around radical acceptance .
have you seen the recent news update about their increases strike of northeast extension ?
she would probably roast me too for asking this question 😭
oh ok that how you connect it to use it .
no if people want to steal a cart they will .
it 's to incentivize people to bring the carts back to the cart returns
this has obviously been weighing on your child for a while🤣🤣
you 're fine just take it again in august .
keep in mind it 's better to skip a question and answer two others than spend 5 minutes on a question and miss a bunch to time
maybe that 's why he did n't stop it ? ?
i have mixed feelings i did n't expect a young leia and i really like her inclusion as a driving force .
not having hayden in the armor after all that marketing seems scummy .
reva is a pretty generic inquisitor i wish they gave her some alien part to play we 've been getting only human characters for a while now .
it 's kinda like if maul did n't have the face paint and horns or grievous was just a dude with a cough it 's less interesting but i assume it 's because we 're supposed to empathize and they assume we ca n't do that to a non human
kenobi seeing her parents in leia i wish i was your father stuff was so sweet .
cool seeing more alien worlds and cities tho why not call it nar shaddar ?
overall better than boba but does n't match the heart that mando had seems more artificial like if i was told this was written by a star wars ai id probably believe you
i know some people i need to introduce to that strain of weed .
yes i 'm a management consultant and have been successfully oe for a long time now .
the reality and this is also true for his doctors no one knows .
everybody knows stage 4 is bad if they were betting they would not bet on a good outcome .
but no one will tell you definitely because they do n't know with certainty .
my oncologist is very positive she encourages me but she knows it 's not all good .
she put me on the most aggressive chemo because she said i could handle it and the cancer shrunk a lot with chemo .
she had no idea how well or not it was going to work .
i learned to live differently getting things in order just in case .
i went from having months to live to we do n't know when .
radiation followed and now we wait for cancer to throw the next punch .
i feel all those feelings all i can tell you is i get therapy so i do n't destroy all my relationships my marriage etc..other than that i accept them and allow myself to feel fear anger jealousy nostalgia and sometimes gratefulness for how life is awesome and it would be great to continue it .
نشط يشحن kled skaarl باتجاه الموقع المستهدف ، ويتنقلان تلقائيًا في التضاريس على طول الطريق ، حيث يكونان ghost.png ظاهرين و cc-immunity icon.png محصنين ضد التحكم في الحشود .
إذا لم يكتمل الشحن في غضون 15 ثانية ، فسوف ينتهي قبل الأوان .
يتم قطع الشحنة على الفور إذا قام kled kled بفك skaarl the cowardly lizard.png أثناء ذلك .
i 've beaten this dude three times twice with melee and this just was not my experience at all .
he moves around a bunch but never while i was playing did it register as an annoyance or flaw any more than other mobile/teleport-y bosses with large arenas like midir or astel .
everyone 's experiences are legit but man sometimes this place feels like a feedback chamber where the first opinion that picks up track just then snowballs into a positive feedback loop of ‘this was upvoted so prolly legit someone said that thing i saw was legit i 'll upvote it oh hey look how many upvotes this has must be legit ' etc .
i mean op got downvote blitzed to like 10 in 10 minutes just for saying essentially i think the positives outweighs the negatives. that 's crazy .
reason being my daughter just moved to southern california in the hills and has three previously indoor cats who have migrated outdoors .
post photos of you with clothes on and not making silly faces .
it seems you have previously posted a submission within the past so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait for 3 day from your last post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flosangelespersonals .
i 'm more interested in what the bonus research tasks are for cran and shell
customer offered extra tip if i was on time the order had a tip to begin with
and well not every person in my district is going to be represented by my representative because there 's enough districts there might be a district in the county over who selects a representative who holds very similar views to my own .
your vote does n't do anything under these circumstances .
you might personally like that representative but they have nothing to do with your vote .
i think you could make an imperative though for districts to be separated at least for the house as evenly as possible across the population .
hugo black already did https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wesberry_v._sanders ? wprov=sfla1 but it goes far further than that .
if they house us population us territories should be represented in the house regardless of statehood .
and as i 've been saying the whole time the voting system should not basically burn half of the votes before having people wonder why everything is so polarized these days but every vote has to be heard in deciding the makeup of the legislative body .
also the seats should definitely not be decided on just by how the districts are drawn it should n't be possible to make the people '' represented with a republican or a democratic or a third-party majority when the people all vote one and the same way that almost defeats the whole point of voting in the first place .
the largest popular vote victory in a presidential election was by warren g. harding in 1920 he won 60 of the vote and his opponent only win 31 but even that disparity does not mathematically speaking mean he won the election .
had all cox supporters lived in only half of the states they could have flipped these and the candidate voted for by 31 of the people would get the say about the remaining 69 including the 61 which went to his direct opponent .
for any other election in us history the loser would have only had it easier to change the results by changing the distribution of the same votes for the same party .
dallas is where the east ends and fort worth is where the west begins. old texan saying
both ainz and griffith mass murdered people to achieve their goals i think ainz is more evil because he did more harm to more amount of people than griffith .
defense wo n't matter if we can not score points .
our wideouts are subpar and that 's being kind .
remember our offense the last year of mccarthy ? ? ?
be wonderful if i 'm wrong but do n't think i am .
i know it 's referring to lala but idk where the letters come in lol
i usually just jerk off bust all over myself roll around in the sheets like an alligator and then pass out .
this is the kid that refuses to push up and stands around the back not listening to any callouts whatsoever
people will be amazed at this and then critique multiculturalism
during pla leaks he said that the braviary warden was a 'waifu '
i 'm not calling any of these likely but if we 're being real kuroko was able to score at will on murasakibara and guarded him more effectively than mura guarded him .
your submission appears to break our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and has therefore been removed .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
mcc14 only values to about 4.5 of the score for ace race so does n't affect the rankings too much as more recent mccs are valued a lot more however due to the chaos of that mcc and volatility of the results compared to the rest of our data we 've decided to remove those scorings .
however i think we 'll keep in mcc15 as the performances of players are n't too far from how they usually perform and the mcc wo n't be weighted too heavily as its so long ago .
with mcc14 removed dream still is n't able to close that gap mainly due to illumina 's wins of mcc15 18 and 20 being so dominant and illumina was only a tight second in all stars also
love the gingham print heels 🤩 looking fab babe !
you 're beautiful i would like to see a warmer toned pink on you too😍
the norwegian player was offside headed the ball and then got a smack on the ear ?
it 's not all bad and where it is help change it
i went three years without a car and used bike transit car share and uber .
i had one credit card just for transportation so i could track transportation costs .
it was less expensive than owning even at high uber use .
i also had the option to bike and take transit to work if i wanted to reduce my costs .
i recently inherited an old car from a family member it was free even so it needed new tires winter and all season and other repairs .
i live close to downtown so i rarely drive it i do n't like to park so prefer other forms of transport .
i am selling my central house and moving to a new city where i will need a car i will drive this 2008 car until i can get a small ev .
seeing this for the first time as well but i kinda love it .
a lot of english speaking countries will refer to what american 's call a season as series '' .
series 1 series 2 series 3 instead of season 1-3 .
this may not be the case for shandlar but i think that 's what they meant .
the wiki you reference was the training mission and they were not part of the invasion or subsequent combat missions .
to be sure there were nato members contributing but they were part of the sorta willing coalition because bush strong armed them .
i actually had a small ukraine unit on my fob that would go out on patrol in old beat up m1114s with old discarded body armor wired to the sides to help protect from small arms fire and ieds .
you will get no worries i waited around 7 months its alright .
if not then ea is just around corner it will be better as your account will not be wiped during ea
oh boo hoo we ate apples off a goddamn tree .
a candle fell off of a pallet in the steel and cracked me on the head .
me and several other people nearby where convinced that someone threw it .
they ran cameras figured out that it fell and it turned outthat the pallet was wrapped in a way that a lone candle was wrapped to the side of it and just slid out .
they promise to fire whoever did it though they of course could n't tell who .
it turned out to be an overnight asm who still worked there until the day i left .
he also mangled the top steel several times before and after that .
i had longish thick hair so the glass itself did not slice me but the force did bust my scalp open and i had glass shards that had to be picked out of my hair at the hospital .
show some screenshots of the bug and how your scene is built otherwise it 's impossible to help you
if guns were magically removed from this country over night there would still be people out there that want to kill innocent people and they will find a way .
my question is the conservative response is to provide guns to teachers but somehow we ca n't find money to provide basic school supplies .
so where is this money coming from to provide firearms to the teachers and why ca n't we take the money they magically found to buy them guns and instead purchase books and school supplies ?
yes ig automatically crops pics based on the default aspect ratio .
honestly i do n't care for eugenie since she seems to be close to the harkles but in this instance the cropped photo in ig is unintentional .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post can not have first person pronouns i me my etc
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the cologne at the morning meeting when they 're thirsty for someone on the job site lmfaoooo
esh yes this was a violation your husband should 've asked you first if it was okay to do this .
but from your description you were behaving quite inappropriately and disrespectfully when there was no intended malice .
you could 've calmly pulled your husband aside and said 'not cool ' .
but a woman who would marry a twice divorced 34 year old would have questionable judgement .
i love drow that are not blue or purple .
i know shades of grey is harder to do but it looks so much better .
i 'm on my third car now where the main notable decoration is a little line of 4 cylon raider silhouettes on the rear passenger corner window .
yeah it 's one of the more screwed up episodes .
there is one where squidward 's skin is super loose and spongebob and patrick put him on as a suit .
dude i do n't even know what a pickme '' means but if you 're saying i 'm the only person who knows that you need dysphoria to be trans you 're very wrong lol .
my mom fucked my friend while we were on vacation and now i want to fucking die she mom took us to miami for a spring break vacation .
everything seemed normal when we were there and when we got back .
they spread all throughout my school and a bunch of kids asked me if my mom really had sex with a student .
until my close friend who was there told me .
he told me one of the nights we went down to the hotel pool and said friend stayed up saying he wanted to go to bed early .
he stayed up there and then something happened and my mom slept with him .
i feel sick to my stomach and so mad writing it .
i confronted her and she admitted and tried to apologize but i just ca n't with her .
i 'm contemplating just telling my dad so he can fly me up to his house but i hate being around his dumb bimbo gold digging girlfriend .
i want to fight that fucking asshole that did this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
if she has a whole set of teeth she 's at least eight weeks old .
if she only has a few teeth then she 's younger than eight weeks .
if she can eat on her own and poop on her own she 's most likely over eight .
weigh her if she 's over a pound add like a quarter pound for dehydration then she 's close to eight weeks .
if she 's over two pounds again adding a quarter pound for dehydration then she 's closer to nine to ten weeks .
seems as simple grading issues that have shaped your driveway and walkway in a way that stops water from flowing freely .
if it is a customers perhaps suggest that solving grading issues will stop this from happening .
however it does appear that some of those problem areas would need to be removed graded and replaced to permanently fix the drainage issues .
even cutting a trench out of the driveway along the closer side to the walkway and having a concrete trough put in along it could also help get a handful more years out of that driveway .
seems as though water is pooling in a few areas .
it does n't have any function as a polychord and is better analysed as a 13th type chord
you 'd better tell stravinsky all those books and articles that refer to it as such that they 're wrong in that case .
yeah maybe he just played that chord out of thin air he certainly did n't sit down and think i 'll write what i think is a polychord here '' but it 's not a mistake '' .
he did n't decide to write a polychord and then it came out wrong .
when ferdinand beats you at a game of among us and celebrates by being sus irl
meta sued by 8 separate parties for harm to their children.
weight itself is actually fairly neutral when it comes to pedestrian safety the difference in momentum between a person and a car moving at any sort of speed is so great that whether the car weighs 800kg 1600kg or 12 tonnes is largely irrelevant as the pedestrian wo n't really affect the vehicle either way .
what is very important is the shape of the vehicle with any pedestrian crumple zones it may incorporate eg .
a flexible hood/bumper and deceleration both its pace and the initial reaction time though it must be noted that deceleration does n't strictly get worse with a heavier car and can even be better under certain circumstances .
modern compact and mid-size cars have gone a long way towards improving pedestrian safety but it 's all been squandered by the rising popularity of suvs crossovers and trucks which go 10 steps back in the area of shape .
just compare the ncap reports of the golf https www.euroncap.com/en/results/vw/golf/39844 with vw 's own touareg https www.euroncap.com/en/results/vw/touareg/33478 with its atrocious pelvis impact rating .
this is probably fake but the funniest part about this story is that she is n't even single lmao
it 's actually really popular where i 'm at for the older apartments townhomes not to have them .
idk some crackhead architects in the 70 's ruined it for the rest of us lmao .
for now i 'm using my browser 's bookmarks .
but these are not too portable so i 'm actually thinking about writing my own custom solution a merge of bookmark manager and app launcher .
but you seem to be looking for just the latter so i 'm wondering why not just use homer organizr heimdall or similar ?
oil was higher per barrel early this spring and gas was 2.55 a gallon .
a barrel of oil is actually cheaper now and gas is approaching 5.00 a gallon .
so what we also had more refinery capacity earlier rather than now .
it is a commodity demand plays into the pricing big time .
what does our president call it the putin tax '' .
actually prices can still go up and up and up until such time that demand falls off then you will see the prices drop basically because of all the same reasons that it goes up .
the threat of alternative energies does not justify this .
of course it does and if we had been better prepared in the alternative fuel for vehicles at the current time demand for oil would be stifled because there would be competition in vehicle type and fuel sources .
i think it is purposely being done by big oil to hurt the democrats in the upcoming election .
guess you just do n't understand supply and demand and business not just in oil and gas but in everything .
to get rid of inflation or at least modify it there are several things that can be done and all these processes are for the same goal reduce demand .
please try again after you have spent more time on reddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lasvegasswingers if you have any questions or concerns .
i think someone said it a few days ago feds have evidence of conspiracy to murder .
i have n't seen his case files so not 100 sure but it makes sense y he would get so long
i 'd also like to add that the idea of using the thumb cluster as a tenting leg is a bad design decision if you do n't torque the screw hard enough the angle of your thumb cluster wo n't hold .
however using too much torque can crack the hinge .
here is what happened to the moonlander of a friend of mine
all parts of the keyboard can be ordered through zsa support but the top keyboard case part is expensive about 75 usd i recall correctly .
i ended up gluing it with some gorilla epoxy-resin super glue .
does n't look pretty but it holds for now .
i think the ergodox ez is a better industrial design in terms of durability but i do n't have one .
another alternative is the digma defy which will be coming out in q4 2022 kickstarter campaign started https www.kickstarter.com/projects/deilor/defy-keyboard https www.kickstarter.com/projects/deilor/defy-keyboard
i work at one of the large cereal companies hear that term frequently .
so does my dad and his dad ect.. that shit has been fueled by cocaine as far back as any of them can remember .
lots of blood sweat and tears go into those jobs .
why is a post from 21 hrs ago the main discussion thread ?
the director took 12 years to develop the first season and managed to catch lightning in a bottle .
i will be messaging you in 3 years on 2025-06-12 17:11:10 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2025-06-12 2017:11:10 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https www.reddit.com/r/shittymoviedetails/comments/v9u972/thanks_to_this_sub_being_persistent_with_the/ic3umq1 ? context=3
click this link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fshittymoviedetails 2fcomments 2fv9u972 2fthanks_to_this_sub_being_persistent_with_the 2fic3umq1 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202025-06-12 2017 3a11 3a10 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
i 've never gone flawless so i 'd appreciate some help if you 're still up
they think they are sweet innocent virgins who 've never kissed a girl .
it 's not something you 'll hear every single day i suppose .
maybe my you 'll also hear statement should be changed to you may occasionally hear .
perhaps i believe it 's more common because of my educational focus lmao .
a common alternative is if it were n't for or if someone hadn't rather than but for .
anyways yes i do agree with you after some reflection .
nsfw adult content '' sure lem me post my ass and karmawhore
lee had 1 all star appearance with us in 5 seasons he had an all star appearance 3rd team all nba and an nba championship with golden state in just over 5 seasons .
as fun as he was to watch he does n't deserve it in new york or golden state tbh .
you 're likely to encounter some unsavory individuals on reddit .
though we attempt to keep such users at bay the reality is that many users will slip detection or will actively avoid it .
if ever there is a user making you uncomfortable or suspicious please report them via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/meetpeople or through reddit 's built-in reporting features .
with few exceptions you will be banned for seeking discussion with minors who are 3 or more years younger than you or if your profile history contains nsfw material .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meetpeople if you have any questions or concerns .
yea that 's why i only played one game .
literally every morgtage in canada is a 5 year ballon payment loan
could they please tune up their death ray on putin ?
thank you u/sketchbookbaby for your submission to r/bdsm but it 's been removed due to one or more reason s
generic porn or suggestive images without a clear bdsm theme will be removed .
a title is not enough generic sexy '' images with kinky keywords in the title will be removed
generic look at me holding/wearing a sex toy '' content
generic this is me looking at myself in a mirror '' content
generic this is me making a funny face at the camera '' content
images that are too dark or too light or too blurry/out of focus with too many effects filters or with too many distracting emojis
please feel free to send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/bdsm if you feel this was in error .
lawyers can be very keen to recommend legal action but litigation might be rather onerous in terms of your time and money though it 'll also be extremely stressful for the perpetrators .
mediation might be a way forward then maybe they need to publish public apologies and write directly to some of the people they defamed you to and correct the situation .
perpetrators too often get away with not doing that .
it 'll be much quicker easier and cheaper all round if they simply admit their mistake and everyone can move on .
i hope you get a satisfactory resolution and your business picks up again .
this is something that i 've thought about too .
i 'll just quickly recount my though process on this .
my parents did n't show their affection a lot if at all .
if i had to say something then the only love languages i can actively remember my parents showing to me at some point when growing up were acts of service and quality time .
so when i was a teenager the three love languages that i missed out on '' the most were very important to me both in platonic as well as romantic relationships .
i thought all of those three were my love languages .
but now that i have romantic and platonic relationships and all five love languages are represented in one or multiple of them and my basic needs '' for love are fulfilled ... .
i started to realize that the three i did n't experience as a child are n't necessarily my preferred languages .
i used to think they were but in hindsight i just needed my love threshold '' for each love language filled to a basic minimum .
for example i loved receiving words of affirmation as a teenager but i did n't enjoy giving them that much .
that 's because it 's not my love language .
but i still needed my words of affirmation tank '' to be filled .
i 've now reached a point in my life where my tanks '' for all five love languages are filled thanks to loving people around me .
and now that my basic needs are fulfilled it crystallizes what my actual love languages are .
and what makes it so clear to me that those are the languages i speak and not just me making up for my childhood is that i love both receiving and giving them .
not just receiving like i had with words of affirmation in my teenage years .
this whole comment is a bit all over the place so i do n't know if it makes a lot of sense .
tldr making up for the things you missed out on as a child is not necessarily your love language .
if you only like receiving a specific love language but do n't enjoy giving it that much then maybe you just need your basic threshold of that love language filled .
and that can happen through multiple platonic or not relationships .
it might be even impossible for one person to give their partner all the love they need .
unsure but my myp in socal has the same two week window heard it can be any day now actually .
that 's what happened with mp3 got two week windown car was ready 3 days later .
when writing a profile always dedicate 50 of it writing about what you do n't want with unnecessary capitalisation to make sure the message gets across .
eeyup such negativity will surely repel bad matches and draw in the good ones .
so you telling me bethesda 's gon na start vaulting large parts of the game after a few years ?
it 's still viable situationally you just ca n't glitchcast it anymore.glitchcasting is retarded in any shape or form
this subreddit is open to all onlyfans models to post content .
we determine if someone is a model by their full onlyfans link as a comment .
we did not see an onlyfans link under this post so we have removed it from the subreddit not deleted .
i will monitor this post for an onlyfans link once i see one as a comment i will approve this post .
we are not saying you are not an onlyfans model .
we are saying we did n't see an onlyfans link as a comment under your post .
we are asking you to put your link as a reply/comment .
this post is not deleted it is just not viewable to the subreddit until an onlyfans link is added .
do not delete this post this post will be approved once you put an onlyfans link as a comment .
you can reply/comment your onlyfans link on this post and we will approve it .
we will not go to your profile to verify you are a creator .
it must be an onlyfans link under the post url redirectors or onlyfans trial links are not recognized .
comments are not locked on this post if you are seeing a message saying so you are trying to reply to the automod comment and not your post .
if you are getting a message that says please wait '' before you can commment that is reddit that is slowing down how often you post .
we can not control this all you can do is wait until reddit will let you comment .
this is especially bad on the reddit app for mobile but again we ca n't fix reddit 's issues .
please note i am only a bot and i may make mistakes .
if i have removed your post in error you can post your link a second time and i will approve the post .
if this does not work please use the '' send a modmail '' link below to send the moderators a link to this post and they can approve it manually .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fonlyfanspromotion message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fonlyfanspromotion 2fcomments 2fvb8e3q 2famateur_20yo_aussie_babe_very_interactive 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
thank god we are finally getting an exit to desktop option
hi funkmaverick could you send me a 2048 and bounce back and i will send you and op a cyberhead '' and hit the space ''
i do n't think she means she works for taco bell just that she 's working there .
most mental health issues are protective mechanisms though that fail and end up changing people 's perception of reality or their behavior like a suspension of disbelief gone into overdrive .
when your perception of reality and compulsions change you usually tend to notice though .
if you were a painting you would be a masterpiece 😉
another day another hindutva moron lurking in r/islam .get a life
actually i think the whole end is nigh '' routine is one big cope .
it 's never the secure competent and intelligent person standing there on the street corner with the placard megaphone is it ?
number posts posts centered around number patterns or round numbers .
this includes reddit karma facebook likes calendars gas prices odometers receipts screenshots of the games such as 2048 '' etc .
maybe it 's not a meme at all maybe it 's a normie meme .
it could also be too similar to something that 's been done already or it might be a split meme .
send us a message here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes do n't reply to this comment .
because it could 've also been even odd odd or odd even odd
blister count by the last day is up to 7 on one foot and 8 on the other my legs feel like i 've been trying to squat the earth and my back is entirely fucked
would n't change a thing though best festival ever that dice stage beech chill until 6 everyday recharges every problem
oooh i have a parlour palm in a different pot .
he released it in the stupid patreon private group chat
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
literally everyone 's idea starts with griff exchanges two ammo with ... ''
because we should be accepted for who we are in public .
say it was the other way around you are hated by the majority of people where you live just for being yourself and there is a group for people like you .
would you just go private and disappear or would you want to make a noise to let people know you exist and fight for your freedom and rights ?
i will do was a very faint positive yesterday so i 'm going to test again tonight and hope for a negative as it 'll be day 8 but i still feel tired and slightly congested so unsure if it 'll be negative tbh 😩 yeah tests are like £2 each here but my dad has a few he 's gon na give me
your post has been sent to the moderation team for manual approval .
it will appear on the subreddit if it is approved .
if you are fixating on something physical symptoms diagnosis particular fear and need support check out our stickied daily thread for vents worries fixations daes does anyone else needing support reassurance type of content .
you are more likely to receive support there while also preventing the distress of others who are not mentally prepared to engage with such content outside of the megathread http reddit.com/r/healthanxiety/about/sticky
in the meantime you can check our common topic collections and participate in any of those active discussion threads
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthanxiety if you have any questions or concerns .
let 's say you hate cleaning but every time you clean the bathroom you get some kind of physical favor or a steak/taco dinner or 1 hour massage .
you bet your heinie you 'd do it on the dot every day or every week .
rather that questioning how or why it works it 's worth doing just to get the results imo .
thank you and i am glad you like it sir .
andy 's interaction with billie just then sounded like a robot that malfunctioned
lmao mods butthurts cause for one time there 's a dank meme on this sub c'mon do not be submittive just because someone in the comments did not laugh lol
back when 1984 was written sci fi could only imagine people behind screens eavesdropping on everything .
now it 's automated no need to employ humans for it ...
it 's funny too since he wins far more than most invaders .
hell he 's quite good at killing bhs guys and he complains more than anyone .
almost profitable to take up smoking in a smaller kitchen the amount of smokin breaks they 'll take is insane
she probably enjoys presenting as a confident masc person and has integrated it into her social identity so feels the need to match this in her sex life but innately still enjoys sex as a bottom .
there is nothing wrong with this but she 's too insecure to rationalize this and thinks she will be judged if she 's outed '' as a bottom .
she 's insecure in general sexually and this is why she feels the need to talk about it so much .
no different than steve carrel 's scene in 40 year old virign where he talks about sex a bunch but is hilariously wrong about it .
she needs to understand that she can be whatever she wants in the bedroom and still also present however she wants socially and be confident in that .
there are no rules and they do n't need to match .
people are being judgemental in the comments but i encourage any straight male here to reflect on how much you 've overthought your sexual performance .
ultimately we are all affected by these meaningless ideals and we all try to subconsciously match some archetype of gender and it affects our confidence in various ways .
just try to experiment and find out what you like and think less about how you should '' act .
trimming the nails is different from removing the nails surgically .
are you sure your country have forbidden to trim cats nails ?
the cats do n't feel anything and it does n't affect indoor cats at all it seems strange to ban such a benign thing ...
it looks like this post has not been claimed as original content oc .
if this is your own work please reply to this comment with oc or i made this .
you can also toggle the oc flag on your post .
a reminder that r/pokemon requires all creative work to be oc in order to protect creators .
if this is not your own work please delete your post per rule 5 r/pokemon/wiki/rules wiki_5._original_content_.28oc.29_only .
i am a bot and may not detect all forms of oc claims .
if you 've already made it clear that this is your work please ignore this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemon if you have any questions or concerns .
nsw are trying to do it without the political headwind generated by the act approach which saw people who had paid stamp duty also pay higher rates and ultimately land tax .
if you have paid stamp duty you will never pay land tax .
conversely if you have paid land tax you will never pay stamp duty .
it 's a clever move politically as it hurts people less and if you can get the fed to pay why not give it a try .
the fed are very unlikely to pay a cent though as it will cost a bomb and they would prefer nsw government foot the bill .
ultimately it 's a pretty naive wish from nsw imo but i 'm sure they have an angle to pressure the fed on cost of living or something similar
i 've been using navigation buttons for few days and i think i like it more than navigation gestures now .
after using navigation buttons i just realized that google 's navigation gestures are slow .
so for me navigation buttons with one hand operation it 's the perfect combination to get the speed of navigation buttons and the convenience of the side screen gestures 🤌🤌🤌
reminds me of my dad when he would criticize me and browbeat me so ferociously as a child i would run out of tears from sobbing so much while he scoffed and told me to stop with the waterworks and crocodile tears. he 'd drag me down the hallway and tell me he barely even touched me which was technically true since he would drag me by my hair which was still incredibly painful .
i think in the end it comes down to what sort of personal experience to bring to watching a particular movie .
i 've never been particularly scared of slasher movies i guess because i do n't have that personal experience of being hunted down or preyed upon .
i have seen unpredictable drunken rages sudden fits of violence flipping over chairs and tables fists pounding on my door as i fled .
confusion and guarded acceptance of profuse apologizing of being a scapegoat for outside wrongs .
to me it looks like terror but it 's based on my personal experience .
horror movies like other art forms are highly personal .
they wo n't resonate with some people or they affect people differently over a lifetime .
everyone saying anne hathaway wtf all i can see is robert pattinson
😂😂 do n't know how people make it though the day like unbelievable posts on here
just what the fuck is up with the prices bro
uh i usually beat my male friends in beer pong
what do i do after clicking the puzzle icon ?
edit chat moved to wednesday as per announcement https www.reddit.com/r/romanceclub/comments/vbeaix/update_moved_to_wednesday .
i actually like the sound track more than the actual movie itself .
dude i 'm sorry but your recreation is the least of my worries when my livelihood is on the verge of burning down and i 'm on vacation across the country .
close all the gates if you wan na camp stay in the forest then hike in from the bottom .
rv 's car campers etc belong in designated monitored campsites .
not a forest that is on the verge of burning down if you look at it wrong .
had one drop onto the crank at 600km with 0 load even and now 0 drops for over 8000km more .
mechanic at the trek store did some adjustments and it has worked well since then .
as someone who is autistic too i really sympathize with you .
so glad you ditched the legbeard and her weird friends .
my question is how did you even start chatting with op and her friends in the first place ?
please search the subreddit to see if topics have been covered already or post it in the weekly general chatter thread .
if this post is a pizza crime upvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules downvote this comment and report the post !
we 'll wish you every year on your birthday by making a special sticky post for 24 hours .
share your experience with us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmeetnewpeoplehere and keep posting and do n't forget to subscribe .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/meetnewpeoplehere if you have any questions or concerns .
the important things are to manage training volume and intensity your own nutrition especially hydration during the session and your climbing form
some people find this very hard to do because they 're so psyched but it 's critical .
if you want to get stronger you have to finish relatively fresh .
it would be completely reasonable to set a hard 45m time limit to your sessions just warmup off-the-wall .
this really goes for all climbing but i think is especially important in strength-oriented fingery climbing .
there 's a good amount of science behind that which frankly i do n't care about because my experience is that staying hydrated makes my fingers feel better the next day and allows me to train more .
to get the most out of board training i think you should grip as actively as possible and not rely on your soft tissue to hold you on .
that goes for both open passive drag grip and crimped hyperextended dip joint grip positions .
gripping actively builds strength for the obvious reason that it requires it more than passive gripping but i think it also has a protective effect since you 'll lose the ability to do it before you lose the ability to climb at all forcing you to stop .
what types of gains do you think could come from this ?
you 're young and have an enormous amount of time ahead of you to gain strength and skill so i would focus on learning how to structure effective sessions .
this pays dividends throughout your entire climbing life you get more out of the training and it does n't injure you .
as a first step you simply need to get mileage moving well on a steep board .
you do n't have to jump into projecting in fact i think that 's obviously a bad idea for a beginner .
how do i make myself try hard while also moving well ?
obviously this is critical to sending hard stuff and it takes practice .
regardless of the intensity level project vs. mileage you can use structured sessions to develop a pre-climb process that you can take outside .
learning when to stop the training is one of the most important things you can possibly learn .
it 's just critical — '' too much '' is far far worse than too little '' .
for strength and power any volume racked up when fatigued moving slower worse recruitment is worse than worthless it 's actively counterproductive .
do you think i am on the right path when it comes to addressing my crimp weakness ?
i think you have the right idea that the best gains will come from addressing the crimp weakness by climbing rather than solely on the hangboard .
a major word of caution is that when you have a serious grip weakness it can be extremely difficult to actually address it while climbing .
you 'll think that you 're crimping when you 're actually not .
to counteract this hold yourself accountable to actually training the weak grip .
have someone watch you or take video to see if you 're actually crimping or half-crimping or whatever roughly-speaking corresponds to the position you want to train .
do n't be afraid to significantly drop the difficulty so you 're able to use the target grip — this is training after all .
as i said it can be tricky to address a grip weakness on the wall .
you may benefit from doing some low-intensity grip work off-the-wall to prime yourself for pulling with the targeted grip .
my observation is that most people are extremely weak in an active crimping position that does n't rely on dip hyperextension to hold load .
since you 're adding a completely new stimulus with board climbing i 'd strongly suggest reducing your off-the-wall finger training load significantly at least initially .
you can always ramp up in a few months once you 've set a training baseline and understand how you respond to it .
i 'd also recommend using a tension block rather than hangboard as this encourages using lighter loads .
background i 've been climbing almost exclusively on a home board and outside since lockdowns began in 2020 .
for me it was the best thing i 've done for my climbing ability outside of just climbing a lot of rock .
boards are n't magic—they 're just tools—but i think their simplicity helps to clarify and distill training needs whereas highly varied and less intense gym sets obscure them .
also anecdotally i do n't hangboard at all anymore though i do a bit of tension block stuff .
when i did a strength assessment a few months ago i pr 'd in everything — one-arm hangs deadlift pull-up strength/speed/reps campus moves ... that 's pretty much just from board climbing and rock climbing .
like do n't get me wrong i 'm sure there 's plenty of shit women have to deal with that men do n't but there plenty of situations which a man just ca n't get into without suspicion being aroused
do not try to fit it with those who think they are the adults in the room .
they will chew you up and spit you out .
you are not mature for being ‘not like those other gen zs ' you are just leaving yourself open for exploitation .
my sister and brother use it i have first hand pain
do i have to give water to all my animals ?
it 's too easy on facebook give me somewhere more challenging
he ca n't even claim that accolade since ice-t showed up a season before logic
generalize across all people of a gender race or ethnicity .
ask for us to defend/explain/justify other people 's behaviors .
assume that all people in a gender race or ethnicity do/think something .
ask for male equivalent '' '' female equivalent '' as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed do not reply to this message or contact moderators privately .
if you are messaging about your removed comment or post please include a link to the removed content for review .
he 'd have to be remotely interesting to be a nut .
instead he 's simply a boring man who 's ambition massively exceeds his ability .
get some ak paints ultra matte and brush a coat or two on the skin and hair leave the eyes and lips glossy and that will eliminate the gloss and create a nice balance
btw the kh '' is spoken like the spanish j '' .
it has no equivalent in english hence the strange spelling .
the wg is no stranger to outright attempting to erase history .
they 've even succeeded at it in some respects pretty well .
it does n't matter to them if luffy 's d '' was released before they want to do everything they can to stop it going forward .
as a dane myself i never thought this shit was funny .
you 'll probably get better results asking over at r/partskits .
as far as builders go anymore these are purely a do it yourself deal .
if you do n't have the tools and patience to do it i would n't bother .
last time i checked that the only thing the light company accepts .
that is ridiculously overpriced for any amount of ice cream even in this economy .
we have a discord https discord.gg/dtnrnke feel free to join us !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime_titties if you have any questions or concerns .
in most cities you take pride in the excellent diverse selection of top notch restaurants .
boston takes pride in a fucking shitty coffee shop that exists all over the fucking country
because the tories need to win the next election and crosby is good at winning elections .
the tories know that when they do win the next election it is going to be a festival of excrement and so they need an expert to spin that excrement well .
crosby has a reputation for a whole range of things that nobody mentions because crosby also has the funds to litigate .
the mere presence of the knight from down under ensures that the tories feel safe and secure that the next election will lead them all back to the trough .
they 're why i prefer minecraft rtx over minecraft with shaders .
as for the global illumination thing from how you talk about it it sounds like that 's more of a thing that 'll save development time over a thing that gamers will be able to notice in-game .
and even in the example image you use the effect is pretty subtle .
i 'm not trying to say that ray tracing is n't worthwhile or is a fad or anything just trying to get people to temper their expectations so they 're not disappointed when games do n't look radically different .
i know at least for me with the doom eternal ray tracing update if they had n't labelled which side of the comparison was ray-tracing i would n't have been able to tell which side was supposed to look better .
i actually do n't enjoy this but someone here does .
has n't happened to me but i have caught one of my cavaliers a couple times sneaking into my bathroom to jump in the empty tub and lick the drain also one time he stole the bar of soap and left it in the hallway
so why do you keep making ad hominems on me instead of addressing my clear and repeated legal points ?
you ca n't argue against them because they are 100 correct in legal precedence .
for days you keep trying to raise something against me but have n't argued a single decent counterpoint of law to mine .
i think you 'll find it 's you who has n't nothing or worth to talk about because you know everything i 've said is 100 correct .
refute my legal arguments if you are so smart instead of calling names .
use of force is judged on proportionality reasonableness and neccesity .
are you going to actively right and suggest that is incorrect despite it being in the rittenhouse case .
in stand your ground laws in justification of use of force by police or what is sometimes known as castle laws ie a man has a right to defend his own castle ?
actually address any single one of these points of law or maybe consider going to actually learn it ?
i had a 4.0 gpa in high school college and grad school .
getting good grades just means you are good in school and intelligent it is not directly related to adhd .
and you probably would have done even better in school if you were treated !
if my satin bedsheet came to life in another dimension she would be my queen .
your comment has unfortunately been automatically filtered and is not visible to other users .
try participating nicely in other communities and come back later .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/persecutionfetish if you have any questions or concerns .
you can do go great things without it as well but it 's not like these marks are totally irrelevant
but he soul fire was a gift of ! uriel ! after harry lost the ! hell fire ! that came with ! lash .
also fix the mid-air tutorial it keeps freezing on the second jump/quick-time tutorial thing .
just curious what 's the point in getting a scout rifle and then modifying it to place the scope to the rear ?
i thought the whole point was to have a low power or 1x optic up front to maintain situational awareness .
i 'm running out of ways to say this .
it 's difficult for me to celebrate us announcing that we 'll only pollute the world slightly less than we had planned when that pollution still contributes to the collapse of the living world .
net zero has to be achieved otherwise climate change continues .
i fully understand that being invested in this subject is a burden in itself and when ‘good ' news comes through it 's nice to sit back and enjoy it .
what i 'm arguing is that this supposed ‘good ' news does n't actually address the underlying issue and that 's that we are still emitting green house gases at a rate that will see us destroy the goddamn planet we all live on
honestly i 'd rather replace obito 's time and filler with stuff about orochimaru
i agree with you most bruiser ults are good and when i have average '' tier i mean compared to the other ults in the game .
i do agree most average ults are still good-very good .
why would you expect to the person to google the quotes to find the sources and then link them back to you when you can just fact check it yourself ?
i just wants to know how complicated our world really is something i always wanted to happened will it happen if i traveled to past or to a multi verse that will be really enough to know for me
let me know if you want me to write you a story about how i would fuck you .
https www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/wiki/index we 'd like to take this time to remind users that
we do not allow any type of am i the asshole ?
any sort of namecalling insults etc will result in the comment being removed and the user being banned .
includes but is not limited to red/blue/black/purplepill fds mgtow etc .
any infractions of this rule will result in a ban .
what we can not give advice on rants unsolicited advice medical conditions/advice mental illness letters to an ex body counts '' or number of sexual partners legal problems financial problems or situations involving minors and/or abuse violence sexual emotional etc .
if you have any questions please send us a modmail .
this is an automatic comment that appears on all posts .
this comment does not necessarily mean your post violates any rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationship_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's definitely funny for now but the chinese went from barely been able to eat to building multiple carriers in 40 years so i do n't doubt with money and effort they 'll figure it out .
russia 's carrier program is much funnier and sadder since it 's just a slow decline and they ca n't actually build one themselves .
steam have rules on a minimum time period on promotions and between regular promotions and launch promotions .
i think it 's like 30 days or something .
so it 's not going to see a discount in a sale only a week away
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nude_selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
imagine when you actually need it and did n't check the rounds .
tatum and brown are going to force the issue because they 're not good playmakers
i did n't know how to cook vegan dishes from scratch but they have lots of stuff that i would use before that made it easier to transition over .
i learned more about the things i never really cooked with before like tempeh tofu chickpeas mushrooms and the entire rainbow of other vegetables and fruits .
but in the meantime i was nomming on some meatless meatloafs just egg scrambles sausage biscuits pigs in blankets etc .
you can ask your gynecologist to refer you to a pelvic physical therapist
as a buyer i have bought way more stuff because of it .
i have bought at least 12 things in the last two days that i 'd been going back and forth on .
i‘m sorry you where fucked that hard by your health care system after reading that i‘m once again thankful for having my german one while going through epilepsy addiction and depression .
as ours grew up through different stages of kitten their play style changed they went from chasing everything including playing fetch with screwed up bits of paper !
to more stalking play they would n't go for the toy when it was moving around but would wait for it to stop and then pounce .
but the advice above of imitating a mouse is good .
jumping is great exercise for them but i 've found that some cats seem to be natural 'mousers ' and prefer chasing on the floor others are natural 'birders ' and love jumping for toys overhead .
i guess just be aware that their behaviours will change over time so do n't worry if the thing they loved a month ago is now leaving them a bit cold .
and as they get older they might play much less and sleep much more .
os das waren jetzt 15 min am telefon mit der telekom und ich bin da nicht mal kunde .
mal schauen wie lange es dauert bis das gefixt wird .
danke an alle für die hilfreichen aber auch amüsanten kommentare .
you can thank butyric acid https www.chemistryworld.com/podcasts/butyric-acid/1017662.article for the tang of american chocolate .
for the rest of the people downvoting my comment always remember that the internet is not real life and that 's not stock you bring down by clicking downvote .
if you feel so legitimized in driving butt naked pushing your philosophy down people 's throats i am not consenting to see your genitalia when i go out to do grocery at least have something to say to back it up and honor your stances .
i thought this was a nice message surprised it got downvoted .
we may disagree but we are all still apes .
i remember loving the cheers bar in faneuil hall but then again i was 13 and if i went back now i 'd probably see it for the tourist trap it obviously is
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feet if you have any questions or concerns .
the whole trucker convoy radicalised many of them into obsessively hating him just for being like a figurehead .
it 's like they all need someone to rage against .
you 're just a human going thru some shit .
i have no experience with ketamine addiction/wd but i just wan na wish you the best .
i 'm sure there 's a solution and i just hope everything works out for you .
do n't get down on yourself or give up .
yeah but the kids are 5 9 school age it reads like it 's a summer job
holy shit dude i 'm only 15 seconds in and i have fucking anxiety his nervous energy is fucking palpable and he 's trying so goddamn hard just to get the words out that there 's zairo sense of delivery or intent behind them ...
it 's a lot of trial and error to find clothes that feel safe and comfortable i think .
to quote lucius from ofmd i decided to carry myself like i 'm cute 🏴‍☠️
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will result in a removal counting towards your ban tiers https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_ban_tiers .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
kinda thought this would happen last night so just switch up tonight and friday 's game .
let 's win with biebs tomorrow and win the series
if you like numbers i dont know if math is the right fit for you .
yeah if it was any other car with over 100k miles i would have said op may have made a bad decision .
i woke up to my mother telling that my cat of 4 years got hit by a car .
2. create an automation to run at your preferred time of day with the action run a shortcut '' .
i hope i dont sound stupid but what does uj mean ?
in a cell write an if statement the result of which is true .
next write an if or statement where either condition gives true .
when you can do this and get your true conditions select your range that you wish conditional formatting to apply to and dropping the if part of the equation and the last closing bracket apply your conditional formatting formula .
edit check out a free file-sharing service like pixeldrain and provide a screenshot without the etc .
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/daytrading/comments/vfj338/two_questions_1_with_a_market_order_does_it_put in r/daytrading has been automatically removed due to being low effort .
if you 're wondering why a stock moved a certain way check out reuters https www.reuters.com motley fool https www.fool.com and especially finviz https finviz.com/quote.ashx ? t=spy which aggregates the most news for almost every stock .
if instead you 're wondering what a term means go to investopedia.com and search for said term there .
either way come back here to repost with your findings thanks !
a list of the rules can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/daytrading/about/rules and if you 're new to r/daytrading please see the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/daytrading/wiki/getting-started-daytrading .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/daytrading if you have any questions or concerns .
people he fought said they could n't tell where the punches were coming from and they all hurt .
he was both a masterful boxer and a fearless fighter most people mistakenly think he was only a brawler .
there are videos of him that are slowed-down to show technique and he still looks fast .
he took advantage of any mistake made by his opponents and he lured them into making those mistakes .
i can see myself doing that everytime i do anything corny hahah but yeah i will most probably regret this later on just ca n't deal with it at the moment not properly not yet .
when russia invaded ukraine he strongly came out on the russian side and that was too much for even germany it has a decidedly ambiguous view on the war .
he went from respected former politician to russian shill in a matter of weeks .
hi thank you it was purchased as a gift for my by my brother but it 's based off an old youtube video called potion seller i 'm sure you can easily find it with a quick search of 'potion seller printed mini ' or something similar
childhood best friend who was murdered a decade ago as well .
like give me an example so i can follow you—is there something you 've disciplined yourself to do so that you can have something better ?
i go to sleep early so i can have the quiet morning hours .
i work at a 7k restaurant follow the ctn and do not keep chicken in the hotbox .
our ci is amazing and the quality of our food is great .
we 've been dating for 3 years known each other for 4 .
things were really good between us and now toxicity has creeped in .
i 've sold a few for 10k caps via the market sub .
they 're rare but it can take a little while to find someone who wants one .
i was walking alone in the night and a cop pulled over just to ask if i was alright i was very confused and terrified but he just pulled over asked if i was alright and then proceeded to just have a chat with me before going into his car and speeding off .
honestly this is such a convoluted yet spectacular story i ca n't decide if i love it or hate it .
it appears they did the whole soft reboot thing and yet they could n't commit to actually overwriting the save file so to speak .
almost like instead of restoring his native timeline barry just traveled to a nearly identical parallel world from where he started and the zack snyder reality is somewhere adjacent not erased but not exactly tangible either .
they 've really killed any drama which is too bad because its been a crazy playoffs
how many people carried guns at the idaho pride festival ?
some lgbtq people do n't even want cops around because of past abuse .
none because all these fuckers will absolutely screw me over to increase their profit margins .
high quality construction at a lower price point than competitors .
new era low profile hats fit and look better than everything else on the market .
xbox gained huge points with me by making game pass the most valuable subscription service available across the board .
i still also purchase every ps and nintendo iteration though .
my dogs knocked mine off my desk while i was in the middle of a raid .
it landed upside down and did n't interrupt shit .
it was not made to do that but it stepped up and above the call of duty to protect my internals .
like backyard band on channel 1 rn but they performed earlier .
so they 'll show uzis set just not till 8:55
i was so upset when tm moved away from them .
i watched 30 seconds of the clip then made an observation so probably yes .
been checking target everyday and still have never seen that set of red editions that 's been out for like 3 months now
god it might actually be cullen bc the alchemist is gon na get rushed one way or the other and edward cullen can only be killed by decapitation ?
according to the latest poll that 's apparently what 25 of voters in flanders want .
being fucked over and laughed at behind their backs by voka and its political acolytes .
it goes down but only for like a few minutes .
they post it weeks in advance so that you know it is happening and it is usually back up before the time expires .
nice big banner as soon as you go to the homepage .
you do understand that this is the reason why most enterprise networked systems have fault and update domains do you ?
do you realize what being down for maintenance will do for a sla ?
every minute a major system is down their network administrators or whoever employs them are likely on the hook for their lost revenue because that is their entire job make sure sure the system is up-and-running .
and if the network team is internal and the system is down for days they are not likely to have a job shortly afterwards .
niceeee didnt knowthat and ive spent like 100 hrs in that game
i just came across this on my tiktok fyp so it 's my only knowledge of it
yeah i 'm fine with disabling flashes but cmon at least give us smokes
there are n't any bumps it just kind of stings when i touch it or shave
make sure to check out these great subs as well !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/innocentlynaughty if you have any questions or concerns .
we claim to be the best country on the planet yet we still ca n't provide basic needs for all our citizens .
in ancient rome grape syrup was often boiled in lead pots which sweetened the syrup through the leaching of the sweet-tasting chemical compound lead acetate into the syrup .
... do n't worry about what the rest of that paragraph says
i drive like i am paying .05 cents a mile
if they truly cared about your feelings or about saving their house they would n't stomp all over you like they are doing .
i 'm confused as to why this is directed at people with adhd ?
justin boober duo lipo imagine dragoons y'know the generals .
thanks for all the links and info very useful .
i see that some people just used a regular 90 degrees mmcx connection do you think the cable will stay in place without the notch and special connection ?
other countries have guns and do n't have the violence we do either .
seeing as how the us is tied for 2nd as the most depressed country on the planet it would seem like our mental health policies are just as if not more so out of wack than our gun regulation .
it 's always been people trying co-opt narratives tragedies to push agendas .
dear friend ur ancestors re uprised again state and did mass murders in van diyarbakır etc .
after that state has decided relocated the all armenians in anatolia .
if state wanted to genocide armenians why they do n't do that for armenians in istanbul .
they literally look like those cow-tractor thing from cars ffs .
i get that ground vehicles ' credibility is measured by their ugliness but hell there 's a limit to everything .
the game we 'll play is that if you make me cum i 'm yours
like a lot of us lakshya was thinking that mcauliffe would win virginia even if it was a narrow margin and that did n't happen .
also in hindsight he had a tendency to try and unskew polls which led us astray in november so i think he 's trying to compensate for that .
granted i do n't follow him on twitter so i 'm not sure what you 're referring to exactly .
russia is about to have an economy the size of moldova .
the usa condemning/asking others to condemn a country for violating the sovereignty of another country is so fucking hypocritical it 's a fucking joke .
a second charge move is a lot cheaper than a 10 elite tm in the future if you ever want to get the move back .
i had similar nagging problems so switched to binance.us .
joining a team fight at the last second as xing and hitting my ult .
grab all of them throw em into the tower and let chaos reign supreme
nah man boomers everywhere are adding dogecoin to their retirement portfolios 😆
this is why i do n't get people who complain about hulu having ads last i checked ad free hulu is still one of your cheapest options with the biggest most diverse catalog but people bitch about the fact it has a budget option .
it will say a lot of reagor beats him out
even 10 cheaper it 's kind of a rip off !
look at the ingredients just refill your bottle or any bottle with half hydrogen peroxide half distilled water and a couple drops of mint oil .
you do n't want spoilers just enjoy the ride .
this is one of the last entertaining seasons in my opinion .
it 's not that we hate python but those who use it s
exactly because science might change 20 years from now .
what makes science so great is that if something can be proven then science will happily accept it and in fact the more revolutionary things are the more science will eagerly accept it .
if a scientist was able to prove that everything we 've thought about human psychology is explainable with astrology then the establishment would make him a hero for upending everything we already know about humans .
compare this to any other system of thought which generally hates being told it 's wrong and everything needs to change .
imagine trying to convince christianity that the bible is totally inaccurate and the real story of the bible teaches a radically new system of values even if you have some proof nobody would take you seriously some might even hate you for trying .
he learned his trade in france and then moved to the montreal territory which had édouard carpentier as one of the chief dudes so him throwing dropkicks is n't that surprising to me .
not saying vince sr. was wrong in fact stopping andre from doing that probably added several more years to his career but that him doing that is more a testament to his training .
i 'm not responsible for what you type with your own damn fingers .
other people clearly agree with me that your statement was out of pocket .
you do n't get to say nukes are n't that bad '' in reference to the javelins and then argue that the javelins which you yourself referred to as nukes previously are n't nukes and therefore i 'm misinterpreting your words .
words mean things so be more thoughtful in how you use yours if you do n't want to be misunderstood .
here 's a sneak peek of r/boneappletea using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/boneappletea/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
this is almost the exact same outfit i would wear .
mother would say the same thing but then again she 's very conservative
his friends selling their biz for 8 figures too lmao .
hopefully this shows i did n't pull it out of thin air .
i guess semantically it 's not selling off rather just stopping contributions ...
but that 's the time they should be raising their contributions if they have the financial cushion to do so .
i legit do n't even have 1 shiny alpha and my luck used to be amazing .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/daughtertraining if you have any questions or concerns .
it changed overnight because a bunch of mods staged a coup took over the sub and started banning .
they basically put into practice berthold brecht 's old satirical poem about the dissolving the people and electing another one .
man am i jonesing for football cfl just does n't do it for me .
hast du schon mal ne schlägerei in der dortmunder nordstadt gesehen ?
they were able to keep their weapons in their home and use them to hunt .
part of why they had to call the military in is because workers were armed and having lived in rural communities were good shots .
added to this workers groups leftists and progressives helped maintain the flow of weapons and ammunition to these groups .
the thought process of no open carry often came down to keeping drunken gun battles from erupting in the city itself .
pancakes but it has to be the ones my dad makes
i 've never seen less than 100 outside of brief interruptions .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
congratulations you have been given 1 point for solving this post !
i 'm going to be the asshole here and point out that truck was not going 35-40 mph .
maybe before hitting the brakes and slowing down to 20 or less .
she ca n't stop eating them they are so sweet n crunchy 😞
i blame it on myself i taught her to fly swat and it 's taken some time to get her to let the bees buzz in peace .
now she mostly only bites the bugs that swarm her .
i ca n't even imagine having to buy gas anymore for anything .
cost me under 5 a day to fuel my car .
haha i 'd always heard of this as eggs in hell .
sorry for the late reply i connected my controller to my shadow pc ... . https help.shadow.tech/hc/en-gb/articles/360011917640-how-to-connect-a-controller-on-shadow https help.shadow.tech/hc/en-gb/articles/360011917640-how-to-connect-a-controller-on-shadow
i 'm hoping the order tide is real still .
since they 've changed the ai a bit i 've felt like it 's way more rare for any couple of factions to completely dominate part of the map .
my favorite campaigns have been when the empire gets huge and i have this epic struggle to beat them into submission .
i feel like the late game is missing that right now .
what is this covering piece on the sides and top of the arris ?
it 's a nice finishing touch for the shelf .
no consequences to his actions gives the message to every country in the world that it 's ok to do shit like this .
we 're already seeing this in britain with the pm gaslighting the entire country with his immoral conduct .
i have watched and read kinos journey and can confirm that because the anime cover random semi episodic chapters the manga also contains different chapters whilst sharing some so it 's a great watch and a great read
not sure if its necessary to draw her doing so but i can definitely tell you that if you need it
you could write down your name once and three or four guys could fuck you at the same time in one sexual encounter .
writing down your name multiple times only guarantees multiple sexual encounters .
this is why we need smaller clip size legislation .
problem is if i put a lot of work into something like this i tend to either obsess over it trying to get it right or trash it .
i made an ironman helmet once with card stock fiber glass and resin .
all i can see when i look at it is the story of all the time it took to build and finish .
so if i did something like this i 'd be either constantly adjusting it or never look at it again except in passing .
i 'm no a perfect role model but i 'd be happy to contribute to the solution .
though i hear adoption is damn near impossible these days .
i mean it 's no different then laveyans telling theistic satanist i do n't like having imaginary friends but hey when explaining the core beliefs of both branches to people it 's pretty obvious even to atheist which one actually sounds like a religion 🥱
the brooklyn shooting and other headline violence are part of a broader trend .
at least in 40k they have the argument that they tried ai and it does n't work as far as they know .
this is in a world where they mass produce robots and androids on such a scale that you can literally buy them out of the equivalent of a guy 's trunk in a parking lot .
children can build androids in star wars with spare parts .
so why do this except to make a specific point about the value of life or for an aesthetic ?
you need an army droids are an option but you specifically need it to involve pain and lost life for some reason ?
ich hab 's nicht besonders eilig da ich in der wohnung noch das ein oder andere zu erledigen habe .
hab aber bisher nur positives von mainz und den mitmenschen gehört 😁
friendly advice its a dangerous game calling out marlo on a barksdale corner .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/blackworldorder if you have any questions or concerns .
your post has been temporarily queued for manual approval .
you may not see your post go live immediately however do not delete your post and it should be approved soon .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fujifilm if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're literally just posting the lower estimate on how many trans men their .
there are very poor sources on the amount of trans men and other stats can put the number much higher .
kgbtr'de özel flair almak isteyenler için fiyat listesi ve bilgilendirme https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/ssl2wm c3 b6zel_flair_fiyatlari
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
dare to do that with an african or asian god .
nal but it 's going to be your car insurance and if you fail to provide the details i 'm sure the landlord could get the police involved as that is an offence itself
i only wear the ones with huge armpit holes inside my house tho
as a cnc engineer i can say that a t-shirt ceases to be a t-shirt at the moment it is divided into two identical parts and becomes a rag for cleaning oil from the machine
it has a bit of a learning curve but it 's very satisfying .
1440p version https youtu.be/tkxuoj-klte that 's not compressed to hell so you can actually see what 's going on .
you 're always so happy and smiling i wish i was like you ''
bitch i 've been clinically depressed for 10 years .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
all the changes are in the southern hemisphere but you choose mercator ?
i dont understand nothing about it ... until now even i dont know what it means ... but i will check !
this is my portfolio do you think my art can be transformed in nft ?
that 's literally how it 's functioning in the eu .
even in the uk the levels of immigration with the eu and how our economy functioned properly before brexit shat everyone 's bed beg to differ .
incompetent politicians will blame immigrants because it 's easier than fixing problems .
lmao the fact you got downvoted for this is laughable .
i like some veggies my boyfriend does not unless they 're pureed so i do that for him so he gets some in his diet .
yes vegetables are healthy and adults should eat them but people can have their preferences .
okay but is it just me or is youngeun completely wasted in a group like kep1er ?
she is so fricking talented but she suited the cooler concepts she did in gp999 so much better than this bright cuteness
could n't that be ruled as a chain so as soon as any part of the chain is destroyed all proceeding simulacrums become free ?
no dm ever has the power to do more than refuse running a game all other power is invested into the group
wenn ich in einem flügel des nymphenburger schlosses wohnen dürfte wäre ich auch deutlich relaxter unterwegs .
use this vpn which actually is n't a vpn to unlock all the sites which are blocked without affecting your internet speeds even by a byte
i just thought that confirmed piece of human garbage went hand in hand with the rape accusations so the sentence was alittle heavy handed to me idk .
honestly it was just my brain being dumb for a second
hopefully he can be as good at rb as he is at wing back .
if i have my own guac at home i 'd just take the chipotle to go .
flat-ulence ... . gamestop trading sideways then break out ?
my humble opinion that might not be a popular one is that there is meant to be some disparity .
i mean you can be the best around in swinging whatever weapon you 're wielding .
that 's cool and i 'm sure you can pull sick moves .
meanwhile the caster over there is busy dabbling in magic to bend and shape reality itself .
how is that supposed to bring a 'minor ' disparity between the two types ?
if you ask me the focus should n't be on disparity but rather offering martials more possibilities to face the lack of a more in-depth customization .
not more subclasses but more possibilities within the same subclasses .
not to mention that right now the weapon table sums up almost entirely to 'which damage die you want to roll ' ?
hot weather is fine if you can be outdoors in shade .
if you 're stuck in a poorly or not air conditioned office then it 's not as good .
but the uk is a lovely place when it 's hot until we run out of water !
i need to see all the takes from this scene
nah no offense taken i found it funny too but it took me a moment to figure it out lol .
because i want to have some weeks of fun before the artifact mods go away and this shit is casual again
zajebiscie ze gornik idzie sobie na emeryturę w wieku 45 lat bo praca taka ciężka i odpowiedzialna a kontroler lotów ma pracować w turboodpowiedzialnym zawodzie do 67 lat xd
to praca poza wieżą '' za tą samą kasę .
it sounds like depression or anxiety or even ocd is blocking your ability to move on .
please see a mental health practitioner for some help .
seems you 're stuck in a loop and need a bit of a hand getting out .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsgw if you have any questions or concerns .
im trying to lose fat but gain some muscle at the same time so do n't i need more calories than if i were sedentary ?
they 're also the only time i ever get anything done .
so yes get a job with lots of deadlines even going so far as to request milestone review meetings to break it down into more smaller deadlines .
but also plan for ample recovery time because doing this will burn you out fast .
i say things like trans man as in a man but who was raised as a girl to ensure cis people are understanding .
i feel ftm and mtf and the rarer ftx mtx mtn ftn when used generally not when used for individuals who do have that experience massively misinform cis people .
i find cis people generally view being trans as an eccentric choice to change one 's gender and view medical transition as the process of doing that .
this undermines trans people who are stuck waiting for medical transition or even more so trans people who do n't need a medical transition most people are know are in those two groups .
and i personally feel it massively invalidates gender dysphoria and the pain of being the wrong biological sex .
i consider myself to have always been non-binary regardless of my body yet i still experienced such strong depersonalisation pre-hrt and still have completely no function in that area pre-op .
when discussing trans issues out in the world i 've personally found the deciding to change from one gender to another model cis people have makes it very difficult to advocate for nhs covering medical transition and legal gender recognition
remember just because we do n't know he 's done anything terrible yet we should n't assume he 's not just another trump .
the guy who lives in your old adress will be happy with free tickets
if it is shipped there is nothing to be done unfortunatley .
unless going writing tml about this and picking up ticket at the festival
as the writer for jiangdu text i made sure to mention sun tzu at least twenty times .
unaltered sign templates that only include text overlays are not allowed .
simply putting your opinion or a shower thought onto an image is not a meme at all .
the most common template used is the lisa sign template .
send us a message here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes do n't reply to this comment .
as far as these kind of tests which are claimed to be statistically normed against more common tests that sample the general population so that they can capture iq far above that of said normal tests are concerned no i have n't come across any that are recreated on more recent sites or available in other formats .
to an extent they went out of fashion i guess .
however tests of the kind for the general population can be found mensa norway has a free test on their site https test.mensa.no that is free and fairly high quality but from memory it did n't have too much of an emphasis on mental rotation .
thank you for confirming that u/disastrous-brush620 has provided helpful advice for you .
she 's not entirely lying i have gone to meghalaya twice and stayed for atleast 3 weeks in total and met multiple people and the experience is mixed some people know hindi many do n't our favorite guide whom we always choose only understands english not hindi .
'' thank you '' is clearing the bar you have to hurdle .
a let me grab the next one '' and then actually meaning it and following through at payment on the next date is the head-nodding eyebrow raiser that sets you apart .
and women say the bar for men is low .
pretty much everyone has to worry about that one time .
police are humans and humans will do stupid shit .
i 'd like to see a profession with a 1000/1000 success rate .
if it 's no trouble those resources might be pretty interesting but do n't feel obligated .
navigating the reenacting field as a newbie is both overwhelming and exciting so i appreciate the advice .
it 's also a super strange system leaving your current fc to join a favourite fc .
why not be able to hotswap between fcs by joining a favourite one while being in an fc ?
kind of how it works when you 're in the lobby .
we do n't manually leave and rejoin the same fc when we login to the game world s .
sounds like you have the right idea to me .
both provide strong aa cover and illustrious ' shield in combination with perseus ' heal will make your vanguard immortal .
i do n't remember exactly what my boss fleet backline was but i remember using nj .
ideally you want to have a bb with strong single-fire burst to take out the command or heal ships that spawn with the bosses feeing up the boss cvs to do damage to the boss .
hoping you struck a more civil tone in your email to support .
no point in taking your frustrations out on a support person when you 're looking for them to extend a curtesy .
you are delusional we are one of the most overrated types just because we do n't talk much but deep down we are n't that interesting
zum vergleich wir haben in deutschland mal 140 millionen tonnen steinkohle gefördert https de.wikipedia.org/wiki/datei steinkohle_foerderung.svg also fast 8x so viel wie russland liefert .
hilft jetzt wenig aber es ist unglaublich wie leichtfertig man sich in deutschland abhängig gemacht hat nur um ein paar euro zu sparen die ja sofort zurück in die deutsche wirtschaft geflossen wären ... .
according to the unchr there are 27 million refugees .
i dont think your country has all of them .
there might be a refugee problem but 18-23 million is obviously not correct its not even remotely realistic .
if you are trying to adress a problem at least dont use fake numbers .
i 'm fat ugly old and i was raised in a very religious family where things like dating and girlfriends were not allowed .
when i finally tried to start dating in my thirties i 'm 47 now the few times i got any interest from women their reaction to finding out i was still a virgin ranged from oh bless that 's sweet but i ca n't be the one helping you with that so i 'll pass on the date '' to why ?
i do n't bother with looking for any kind of relationship now and just focus on being stable and happy .
i am very much romantically alone and i have issues with both my weight and depression and anxiety so i 'm basically the trifecta of unfuckable .
it used to hurt a lot and i used to get very sad about it but i just do n't care anymore .
probably an unpopular opinion but i really liked how the first lantern rite focused on the npcs the normal people during the festival .
made me feel like we really were part of the festival since we were busy helping people with the preparation and at the same time celebrating .
i feel like it kinda lived up to xiao 's banner name coincidentally an invitation to mundane life .
i do understand why a lot of people dislike it though .
despite personally liking it overall i agree that there was a little too much of those npc quests and nothing about the playable characters that we all have been wanting to have overworld interactions with .
especially since it was still very early into the game .
iirc only xiao and kaeya were the only ones who had an appearance in the first lantern rite .
memes are not allowed here use r/turkeyjerky for memes .
for non-link posts the link must be added to the comments .
meta discussions posts about other subs are not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/turkey if you have any questions or concerns .
you could save yourself some money and stand at the nurses station clapping them .
i do n't understand how our vote is n't counting .
i did n't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/prequelmemes .
things such as jpeg artifacts and cropping may impact the results .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message post_id '' vl76qt '' meme_template '' 167353
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=vl76qt samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=100 targetimagememematch=96
honestly what 's helped me the most is having a partner .
i know not exactly something you can replicate at will or that will work with everybody but it 's like having some third party in my life forces me to be a somewhat normal decent human being .
and that means the place must be decently clean before she comes home .
the motivation is part that i like pleasing her i love her and it gives me a genuine drive the other part is that i am very self conscious about the way i am and my brain is just trying to keep the guilt at bay .
i may not have done much today but at least the place looks decent .
other than that i work in bursts and treat it like a project .
and there 's a tangible result the kitchen looks nice which is a boost .
no matter how much i fucking hate it if i look at it a certain way it becomes a project which gives me motivation and there 's the reward at the end .
it definitely does n't work everytime but since i have a really hard time cleaning after myself and putting things away it allows me to be like ok ca n't be bothered to do the dishes rn but project clean kitchen has been added to the list '' .
also i think everyday chores have become a way for me to procrastinate about other things ...
finally i try to keep tabs on my internal processes .
everytime i see something laying on the floor or something like that my first impulse it to completly ignore it but i force myself to grab it and put it away as often as i can .
it makes me retrace my steps because i 'm often like oh there 's a sock on the floor '' who cares '' i do n't care '' ... come on put it away you lazy piece of shit '' ok ok i will '' .
i do not do that nearly as often as i should as any normal human being does but doing it here and there reduces the workload when i finally decide to clean my mess .
so basically she 's pro choice then she 's just too emotionally invested to realize .
how can this be so god damn difficult to some people ?
hey man the kgb dont care about ur 500 porn tabs clogging ur memory relax .
but this was a joke about the letters and calls that newspapers and larson got about the comic as detailed in the reaction https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cow_tools reactions section of the wiki entry .
i 've read prehistory of the far side more times than i can remember .
i feel this article some relevance to your question .
willow or alder do n't think it 's safe to put down which one here without audio .
if it 's the same answers every time why do n't you provide a list of your favorite story games on the platform ?
the thread is significant for op who asked the question .
if you do n't care about these types of threads at all why are you reading through them and just berating other peoples choices ?
unless the language supports tail recursion and more of them do n't than ones that do recursive solutions will blow up the stack with a large data set .
unrolling recursion into an iterative approach shows you know how to adapt your algorithm skills onto real-world conditions .
i had a lot more success in the 200-210lbs range than i did in the 280-300lbs range .
tell me you do n't have any actual organizing experience without telling me you do n't have any actual organizing experience 🙄
it 's a lot easier to ignore what everyone in this thread is saying and barf catchphrases like stop feeding the machine all over the internet than it is to actually change anything .
no allegedly it has 203 but real world testing gets its 323 .
it just how the germans are they always give lower numbers .
though i 'm not understanding what you mean by where i 'd want to be in her lore
could be a lot of reasons if your products are too niche then you may have exhausted your audience
you can only really scale up with a broad product
every lady actually named karen i 've known has been super sweet
do n't stand in a corner and actually press the w key will help a lot
i did n't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/girlsfrontline .
things such as jpeg artifacts and cropping may impact the results .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message post_id '' vl9cds '' meme_template '' 104800
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=vl9cds samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=true filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=100 targetimagememematch=96
james marsters spike from buffy the vampire slayer does the audiobooks he 's amazing .
i 've read you would n't have to transition back but i think sacramental marriage is off the table .
he might view you only as a friend so he would n't see a problem with that or he is just friends with the girl and did n't mean to send this to you with bad intentions
sometimes they offer all false addresses to make sure someone is n't playing the odds while trying to impersonate you .
having only a light meal before exams may help .
but i 've found out that in jc you ca n't go for the entire duration of the paper ? ?
i guess it depands on the school but generally if you need go toliet what can they really do .
for my jc last time it was no toliets for 1h paper although they wo n't really forbid you from going if you insist you stomach ache and no toliets 15mins into the paper and 15mins before paper end .
there was this legendary dude in my class that always troll and go toliet for every single friggin paper even for a levels .
to the point that teachers were like dude wtf .
but nothing happened to him and nobody could really deny him the toliet despite that .
civilians with that many guns are motivated only by fear .
they might as wel keep em in at that point lol
can the people you leave it with smother it with a pillow ?
i think the first 6 months i had it i had irregular periods and random cramping even when i was n't on my period but after that it got so much better .
my period got lighter gradually until it basically stopped i 've had it since i was 16 i 'm 23 now on my second mirena my period has been gone or so light that it 's essentially gone since i was 19 i do n't have to deal with pms cramps or nausea that used to come with my period anymore the cramps stopped after the 6 months .
ive had no issues with acne i 've had weight changes but they were caused by things unrelated to the iud and it did n't affect my sex drive at all i 've always had an active sex drive .
i think that pro lifers are just fundamentally concerned that a human life is unique and complex like each of us human with a soul and any scientific or secular explanation would fall on deaf ears because it is simply not the way they are wired many of these people see life from a different lens be it based in love spirituality or religiosity .
a life of meaning and seeing other people as people with lives souls and free wills it is hard to throw aside and just draw a line as this would change the core or derivative of the hope and faith that life is a gift and that it is precious .
and that we are all not just numbers that each of us have parents siblings families and lifelong friends of whom we are more than just a name and a shape an individual identity .
this life is finite so many prefer to live a life of meaning and purpose .
so if this post speaks to you then you 'll see why it 's not really a matter of convincing the other side but rather understanding why they see what they see .
i want the tax credit and the car is going to last a long ass time so why not ?
do not translate understand it for what it is is my best advice
3 days flying with superman around a red sun ?
you need to try the amnesia games and others in that genre .
horror games are n't as scary when you have weapons .
the atmosphere in these other games alone will bring a chill down your spine .
especially if you play with headphones to catch all the disturbing little noises .
here come all of the r/freefolk virgins to cry about how they wo n't watch any of those but in reality they 'll watch at least 2 episodes of each .
they are a great source of fiber and you ca n't make a pina colada without it .
yep yep that 's me although the two personalities definitely mirror each other
tory could have said yes to darius and made him apologize for his actions for a long time .
but she completely failed to understand the implications of her actions .
darius is a much better person than her at least he owned up to his actions .
venom and brock 's connection is symbiotic whereas corona and ragnarok is parasitic .
dude ... i think my grandpa was involved with sperry too early in his career !
the problem is they keep asking perry to play like
not sure killorn would be much better in that spot .
we 'll ya know the parents could n't get an abortion so bettering themselves before having kids '' really was n't an option .
this post was removed because the account is too new and/or with too little karma to post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bustypetite if you have any questions or concerns .
oh what about raven beak or even the x parasites .
😂😂😂 clearly you have n't been paying attention to what i have said ... . 😏😏😂😂 imo god 's do n't really matter if they 're not as powerful as the above .
oh i forgot dark samus literally does whatever you just said and can produce echoes .
😂😂😂 and raven beak can summon an artificial sun .
you also forgot x parasites can take the form of anything .
like i said x parasites can not be beaten by anyone that 's not samus aran or even a metroid .
look universal health care is n't a progressive policy it 's a human policy .
conservative governments around the world oversee universal health care systems .
america already has the worlds largest and most expensive public health care system .
the fact that working age people in america does n't have universal health care has nothing to do with political philosophy .
at this point it 's propaganda spite and corruption that prevent the people who actually pay taxes from benefitting from the most expensive social medicine program on earth .
i never really hid it i would mention her in front of her i just never really openly spoke about it .
i think i would swap walker and hall for sure .
most of us wan na fight each other not pvmers .
also veng fighting is much more appealing to newcomers and much less sweaty than nhing in the wilderness yet all the content updates focus on nhing and the only pvp-based minigame to introduce ppl into pking is also nh focused .
dont they get that most people do n't want to engage in such a hard style ?
stop promoting the pvp people actually might take part in please
like dutchpoet said well talking to your parents can help a lot .
but i 've come from a comic writing side so with foreign languages i try to use this signs for both comments and in universe swears in a fantasy world .
i think if you can pick up relatively how to convey information in that home country it can be as close as possible .
making a reference bank of info helps a lot too .
if it 's a 10th gen civic look on the civicx forums .
there was a shop that did a si swap into a hatch and they also swapped an analog cluster from another model into it .
you have to get him to explain to you what has changed .
i would guess that if he does n't understand it himself .
if he is being honest and not lying to you .
you must have good communication if its a 3 way open bi relationship .
most people would not be comfortable in that situation at all .
most people would feel threatened jealous constantly second guessing if their bi partner might not honestly be bi .
i 'm guessing they was afraid they could give it to doedoe ?
like say they took a test in the morning and moved in with doedoe .
my sister got covid and but i never got sick .
while in theory i could have stayed over at my another relatives house during her being sick i decided it was better for everyone if i stayed with my sister because i felt fine in the moment i had already been exposed to the covid and i did n't want to risk passing it onto my relatives .
now granted the situation was reversed for me because my sister was the one confined to one bedroom while i had the rest of the house but still .
it 's all well and good until you meet them .
the person recording is antagonizing the police filming waiting for them to make a mistake .
in this situation the police walked away while the person recording continued to follow and try to create problems .
the police were not answering and trying to move on how could they deescalate better ?
it 's a slippery topic and it depends on the exact interpretation of the second amendment and the exact rules regarding ny gun laws i do not have any expertise in the topic sadly .
what i wrote above is my personal opinion not the law .
furthermore i do not believe that complete ban on abortion is a rational choice and neither is the complete ban on open carry .
democracy must be upheld as it is the least awful system we 've come up with .
we make it ourselves and the breeder had a certified dog nutritionist create a recipe with substitutes for puppy adolescence and adulthood .
if you want to live in a little dallas then go with the domain .
if you want the more friendly chill austin experience then south lamar is where it 's at .
although south lamar is changing as higher income people keep moving in the area so may one day feel like the domain .
i have lived for 10 years in the 78704 and avoid the domain at all costs .
i did n't move to austin to have it feel like the superficial/materialistic scottsdale where i grew up in .
it 's a holiday week and it 's not food stamp week .
it 's also the beginning of the summer slow down .
just cuz you did n't get any does n't mean no one else is ! !
imagine thinking that in an age of instant communication nation wide you need to see a person at a rally to know their policies .
khloe is the kindest kardashian and she seems so sweet and kind
roe v wade is a decision that made banning abortion illegal nationwide .
the overturn of this case just means that abortion is a 10th amendment issue and the authority lives in each state .
many states will continue to allow abortions just as they do today others will completely outlaw it .
i think this decision is a win for the libertarian idea that many social issues should be decided locally and not nationally .
ideally social issues are decided personally yes but locally is better than federally .
what we need to watch for is interstate commerce impacts .
there was talk of a missouri law article https www.politico.com/news/2022/03/19/travel-abortion-law-missouri-00018539 that was intended to punish women for going out of state for an abortion as missouri pushed to make abortion 100 illegal .
this will get sticky we should really focus on this as it could get very out of hand .
this will allow state governments to overreach their physical boundaries that is dangerous .
caveat i am pro-life i agree with your points that america is very radical on this issue .
the exe to install it has everything it needs unlike a lot of applications now where the installer exe is basically just a program that downloads all the data at the time of install .
the former is better if you have a spotty internet connection since you can download the installer overnight then install it quickly when you want
i think web sockets and async are the only things which does not have a batteries included approach inside django .
there are workarounds and solid design patterns for implementation including channels but i agree they are far from being desirable .
having said that and having build multiple websites and business apps having millions of users i do n't see any major challenges with django development .
in 2022 any large application is designed with clear decoupling of front and backend assets with all front end magic in reactive front end frameworks such as reactjs angular solid svelte vue and so on .
we only use django templating for admin dashboards where the number of users are likely to be less than a few hundred or even a thousand .
all general end user facing assets are build with react or any of the other mentioned frameworks with most of it served out of cdn depending on the cloud provider we may be working with .
they all talk to api endpoints where we use a mix of django rest frameworks or in some custom code where drf does not make sense .
we use redis for caching celery for tasks and in cases where scalabilty requirements are larger kafka instead of celery .
but that is where you need to architect the application spread load across processes running on pods over kubernetes or even a cluster of vms .
you 'll have to ask the guy in the trench coat with early 2000s sunglasses about that .
he goes by neo but just do n't bring up rabbit holes .
you think a newborn baby could survive without its mother or someone taking care of it ?
well it still is kinda selfish to go like that .
fact is thousands have died due to covid and i bet my left hand some people which were like you if i may say so caused people dying because of spreading .
what people dont get is that it can react different to every individual .
some people get it dont even notice it because their immun system is hella strong
some people get it unfortunately die and there was a lot of deaths
hiding the release on a friday like the oppressive coward they are .
every last one of them who voted for this sham court .
fuck every last one of you and i hope many ill fortunes fall upon you .
if what you have works for you and your husband and it sounds like it does..screw what others think .
charles himself is responsible for some of that tribalism .
saying anything slightly negative about ada will get you surrounded by crypto karens because it 's blasphemy .
do n't you remember in the 70 's the inflation went away if prices dipped for a week .
only the things that do n't have any impact on them personally thank you
dsm-5 is really the best one to look at for any mental disorders as from my knowledge it is the most comprehensive and updated guidebook for disorders .
it was the road in the fifth picture my mistake .
but yeah it can get really bad on this street in particular .
because it is part of the north-south axis of the city and there are a lot of junctions roundabouts and traffic lights on this axis .
and the road passes the downtown of my city so it is in great use .
i was just yesterday riding along this road at roughly 15:00 o'clock and it was so congested .
it feels crazy to me too that in this small town there can be so much traffic .
i do have some bhas and ahas that i do n't use anymore since switching to differin .
yeah whoever started that shit could you please ban them meth it 's pure nightmare fuel and i frighten easily..
everyone should raise their kids to be bigots like us conservatives !
got it ... well its not easy to find the right crate tbh ... still struggling with the search while the puppy is arriving next friday .
i like sorting in alphabetical order but that does n't mean everyone has to
radioactive weaponry in urk would explain a lot about the population tbh
i was in science class ... i got up to sharpen my dream pencil and then my dream themed dildo fell out of my ass .
i always keep it down there cause i like to imagine daddy dream fucking me 24/7 and it feels so good .
anyways it fell out of my ass and out of my pants and my dreamphobic classmates started laughing and making fun of me .
the teacher sent me to the office and i had to explain what happened .
the principal suspended me from school for a week ! ! !
just because i love dream is not a reason to harass me
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
but if it 's an elite cabal why has inflation been so low for so long ?
why is it only being used now conveniently in-line with what economics tells us causes inflation the expansion of the money supply faster than production .
me f and my m fiancé are both obsessed with jaime and gush over him while we watch the show .
for me it 's the perfect balance of manly-man protectiveness and toughness with loving sensitivity and emotional intelligence .
when jaime says certain lines we laugh with delight and have an ooh jaime moment .
your submission was removed because your account seems a little er fresh .
you 're welcome to create new posts once you become a hardened criminal contributor .
you can also bypass this requirement entirely by getting yourself verified .
for more information on doing so please follow the link below
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slutsofsnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
they will stop at nothing until they have their theocracy .
would you say the elftmann trigger is a must-have/substantially better than stock ?
i 'm not really that big of a trigger snob e.g .
if my ghm9 was stock i probably would never spend the money on the trigger but the 100 delta is so minimal it is affecting my value evaluation .
if it is markedly better than the stock bt trigger i would consider it more heavily .
the world 's supply chain is messed up everywhere .
hopefully it 'll come in soon they 're so neat looking !
cheap and reliable although one of my buttons broke the other day but still functional sorry for the late reply i was busy with school !
constant editing is a bad habit and can be hard to break .
allowing myself to pick apart someone else 's writing meant that i could more comfortably just write '' my own works .
nowadays i do n't feel such a constant itch to perfect the story until i 'm at a much more developed point which is a healthy time to start editing .
i left the euphoria one because its full of what do you really think about maddy ? ''
or is nate actually a bad guy '' yall need to rest😭😭
i did the mistake of stopping to look around when i got the offer since matching the timing of interviews that has visa sponsorship was difficult .
the only thing that 's causing a bit of inclination towards this is the possibility of entering nl and thereby making a switch .
but for that also i will have to wait for 2 years since i have to pay them back the relocation expense if i leave before that .
if the switch is a well paid one then i can pay them and go ahead .
yes kaido took some damage before the final confrontation but luffy took way more damage before that .
if anything luffy was at a massive disadvantage in the 1v1 hence low diffed .
i definitely thought every hero was going to be playable in pve though now that i think about it i wonder if that means they 'll add new heroes and build entire new talent trees every time pvp gets a new hero ...
the ones locked in my basement might get offended .
bramble does n't counter trynd anymore warden 's mail is more efficient
pro-tip bookmark the website on another device so you only have to enter in the code it gives you when you have to login every time .
i had 3-4 different middle names picked out when i was pregnant leaning heavily toward one .
i made my decision when i saw my kid for the first time with that heavily favored name .
we can be friends if you are okay with it
i do n't know man she seems pretty cute so yeah why not
literally and i mean this in the most honest and serious way possible look at the top comment .
if you flop around without a plan doing random bs you will die .
staying calm and memorizing what attacks can be deflected or dodged is key .
if the shoe does n't fit just be quiet and do n't wear it .
my favorite way to increase volume of a stir fry without increasing calories much is cabbage .
i slice it into thin strips and sautee it till quite soft .
you can do the whole cabbage at once and keep in the fridge for the week .
but then the cabbage is the base with some rice for texture and whatever veggies chicken sauce that i want to use .
how can right-wingers oppose both abortion and demographic replacement at the same time ?
they 're gon na be so pissed in 10 years
steve1989mreinfo ate beef that was over 120 years old lmao
schödinger 's blowjob imagine you 're blindfolded and you 're getting the best raw pornstar-grade blowjob in the entire universe .
the catch is however that you 'll never figure out who 's giving you that god-tier awesome schmösome sloppy toppy unless you take the blindfold off .
it could be anybody ariana grande ben shapiro harold from the 7-11 near my house or even your uncle 's neighbour 's fireman 's cat .
now the question is would you take off the blindfold and find out who the person/thing behind the stupendous jimmy-nibbler is and risk permanently scarring yourself or would you keep the blindfold on and continue having your knob slobbed till your spirit hits the sky ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe not to swing voters but it 's important to the dem base .
this might not shift overall polling but i predict it will make them turn out a lot more than they would have otherwise .
porém squeça a idéia de que sexo é algo que pode te afastar de deus .
a unica coisa que pode te afastar é o ser humano que te julga ou vc mesma .
se vcs dois estão juntos se amam e respeitam ao seu deus te garanto que trepando ou ñ vcs estão mais próximos dele do que muita gente hipocrita que deve estar te julgando enquanto esconde as proprias falhas !
next we will hear he works in mysterious ways .
it 's a daily dose of mental gymnastics to get through a thought process with these people .
lol ... made our reservation august 2021 ordered october 2021 and still waiting .
our sales guy told us at least 1 year .
our school dropped crime and punishment ... . how did ur school drop germany ?
you can change your display name in the account settings .
why would you assume he 's complaining for himself and not the colleagues he has who did n't have the other job ?
i mean the post is about altruism why do yi assume it 's selfish ?
in an ideal world this is what we would want .
however do to decades upon decades of exclusion of certain races and genders picking the most qualified blind to race and gender only perpetuates the inequality .
in a made up and closed community made up of 50 men and 50 women people took turns being mayor .
the only catch was that if you are a woman you were n't allowed to be mayor .
on the 76th year the town hired a counsel to hire new mayors and now anyone could be a mayor .
the catch is they preferred mayoral experience above all else .
women can serve as mayor but only if they have the experience of having done it before which none do .
that 's the one that made me realize this was satire
oh my lord whatever you do do not do any more reasearch on this😭😭😭
usga just announced golfers can play in liv and their major this year .
worst case scenario for the pga tour is a liv golfer wins that and takes his talents back to liv and not the tour .
luckily for the tour only dj and maybe gooch can win that thing .
i would just push the contrast between her and the bg to reduce muddy”-ness .
also try and blend the lip contours a little more .
yeah mostly because of the netease factor if it was 100 blizz im sure they would have said something about it already
i 'm normally all for checking others but if you do n't think the internet would make dick sucking jokes if a man made comments about being on their knees then you 're naive as fuckkkk
i mean both are over .300 in the last 7 games .
but tram has had the more sustainable success so far .
actually heard comments like this about a walgreens closing .
sometimes a simple moment an act of compassion or in this case a shoulder sends the most profound message .
this is the beginning of the journey not the conclusion .
it is annoying how students expect me to know the contents of a paper just because i happen to be its author .
i 've driven rwd cars with snow tires in michigan for nearly a decade .
i would think so i never looked forward to vaginal birth .
luckily unluckily i had soo many complications that i had a c-section .
just cuz you can do something does n't mean you should .
ignoring the accuracy loss on your end the jump only prolongs your exposure to muzzle climb on the opponents end
just imagine walking in to a costco location and every single item was in a cardboard box .
it would be much more difficult to shop because you would have to read each box to know what 's inside .
it has been proven that sales increase when the actual product can be seen .
plastic is never going to go away as long as there are physical retail stores that people can walk around in .
i did all the ca minor league teams last year and was just looking at a map of the pnw !
haha have you been to a mavericks league game ?
i did a lot of college games in socal this spring and am exploring collegiate and indie summer ball down here this year in addition to milb .
the skr boards are nice and have the quiet stepper drivers .
the clip thingy sounds like the aluminum extruder tensioner .
with the creality sprite pro extruder/hot end you basically have uglier s1 with a discount if you want to print flexibles .
senior year hs spring break our whole friend group was trying to figure out how to talk to the hottest girl at the resort in the dominican republic .
on the third night my friend noticed she was wearing a lobster charm on a bracelet pandora bracelets big at the time because she 's from maine .
so the next day we all go on a big snorkeling trip .
this guy dives to the bottom of the ocean and comes up with a live fucking lobster and says to her to remind you of home '' he fucked her for the next 4 days .
i 've heard that about septums too which added to my surprise .
did n't think about the choice of jewelry good point .
i 've had my lobes for about 10 years now but i 've always worn studs/barbells in them so i guess that 's affected it as well
where i come from it 's actually praised to go on solo trips .
people are always envious and clapping their hands with pride .
being 26 and never been traveling ... what are you waiting for ?
it will be the best time of your life .
axes and turn of the century guns ai n't gon na do shit
just the one leg will void as long as the game was canceled and not postponed until later today .
give it time you 'll likely see a void pop up and your parlay odds will change accordingly .
we have a power grid so that one substation going offline will not ruin anything .
now imagine sending one person with a rifle and homemade silencer to multiple rural substations and having them simultaneously start firing at the same moment .
i 'm in california and many of these stations are next to a quiet road or large highway with almost no surveillance cams and a chainlink fence an easy target .
maybe even start with using one of those chinese radio jammers that used to be sold on alibaba and cut the phone lines so that nobody can call for help .
as far as i know there are only a few warehouses in each region that carry large spare parts like entire transformers so you could either deplete their supply by breaking so many at once or even just shoot up the trucks when they leave the warehouse i 've never seen pg e have a police escort for their operations before
fyi most of the people/women on dating apps will still be on them 1,2,3 years later .
they love the dopamine rush and they are emotionally unavailable .
there are great people/women who are not on the apps .
some ace people have sex and can have different levels of sexual attraction to different genders .
then maybe these people should n't call themself asexual ? ? ? ?
a certain splitting with an ex girlfriend ... i was crazy in love with her .
she was pregnant with my child also to which she got an abortion .
i 'm ok now but never a week passes by where i think of her ... i 'll always love you laura
ina is a swedish name finnish-speakers usually spell it iina but it 's not pronounced the english way i think that it 's more like eenah .
incidentally aina is also a finnish name also a word that means always pronounced the way op wants .
membership gets you 10 off too so i use it all the time
gibt auch features die man in sql dbs so nicht unbedingt bekommt .
in der jvm welt sind reactive streams über die mongodb deutlich besser als r2dbc stand vor gut nem jahr vielleicht ist es jetzt gleich auf .
we could start with requiring drivers ed completion to obtain your license .
i 'm surprised they bothered to even have some kind of automated message for this lol many places wo n't publish less than perfect reviews .
no product ever gets 5 star reviews all of the time especially skincare .
if the site has no bad '' reviews at all they 're not showing them .
my life is so boring and mundane that nobody would watch it .
i would even ramp up the boring during the first two weeks so that the only viewers on the channel would be spam bots .
call him to meet for the keys and find out in person why he took your box and why he 's not returning it .
i would contact corporate and let them know about this behavior as well .
i would then ask for the tools in exchange for keys and buy a box from anyone else .
if they 're not cooperating then you file a lawsuit .
depending on your state and the value of the tools you may be able to handle this in small claims court or you may need a lawyer .
you may be able to collect legal fees in some states but if you go to big boy court do n't go without a lawyer .
do n't threaten court but if you do need to go that route just serve him or have him served depending on local laws without any warning .
if you do need to go to the legal advice sub read the sidebar and location will matter .
fresh air is good exercise or cold water on the face
the amount and quality of sleep you get night might also have an impact
certain types of food not just quantity can make you sleeper too
so it sounds like unless i am being fooled you are theoretically correct but how do outliers for states exist if what claims made about federal funding are true ?
federal funding is intended to supplement state and local funding and go to those that need it the most .
anecdotally here is one example of corridor of shame in sc where sc does not have to address the imbalance in funding between well off schools and poor schools .
if a state just does n't have enough funding and all schools were bad at local and state level it would make sense but that 's not the case at least for afformentioned state and sc .
i understand that does n't mean it has to represent all states .
edit furthermore how is how much finding is needed being determined ?
a school that already has various equipment infrastructure etc .
will be considerably more well off than those that have the same funding once federal funding is considered .
federal funding is not supposed to supplement unequal funding at a state and local level .
poorer schools would be able to offer ap classes and other such stuff if what you were saying is true .
i do n't think it is as clear cut as you are attempting to make it .
we have plenty of stats of disparity between rich '' schools and poor '' schools .
you are acting like that 's not the case since they receive equal '' funding once federal funding is included .
honestly we need to make sure to teach all children to be respectful and how to properly earn respect before they hit middle school .
otherwise we end up with the entitled bullies who inevitably end up at the wrong side of a bat at some point .
legend of the galactic heroes die neue these season 3
weed and lean kraken were too good not to get my first squid products
ordered them separately but purple got stuck in customs so they arrived both today d
in case it 's not clear i 'm doing it for the mgr joke
tap link to add me and lane they/them to your tree town or add my friend code n834hfcs7t .
bei uns in chemnitz kam auch so ein klimaprotestler auf die bühne .
er gab ihm das mikro und während der bursche 4 min vorwürfe über die co2 steuer co machte hatte er auf seinem handy nach ein paar suchen alle behauptungen widerliegt .
dann ging besagter bursche blöd von der bühne und wurde ausgelacht d. werde ich nie vergessen .
aber zu dem was du sagtest rhetorik ist eine scharfe waffe und das hat er verstanden .
if it 's on private land the land owner has full rights you need a permit for federal land .
i have a real question about that fellow 's argument .
if i understand him correctly he questions how it is possible that he is 'upright ' on the 'top ' of the globe-but other things/people on the 'bottom ' of the globe dont fall off ... is that what he is saying ?
but if you believe in space and globe-shaped planets then is n't it true that there really is no direction out there-no up/down/top/bottom ?
so at every moment every one of us perceives ourselves to be in an 'upright ' position and in fact we are correct ?
since there is no direction in space whatever direction we 'feel ' we are in must be valid ?
this question makes complete sense in my head-i suck at expressing myself especially with abstract ideas .
there are certainly lots of campaigns currently to put more statues or monuments up .
i 'm not a huge enthusiast for putting more statues up though i am interested in less individualistic monuments so i do n't have inside knowledge on most of these .
my own position is generally to encourage people to think beyond great man history and therefore beyond statues into more creative immersive and democratic forms of monuments and memorials .
i see amber heard is practicing for her revenge towards johnny depp
i 'm not afraid of answering any questions really so go ahead
if she wanted a possible father she can try again .
i loved it too and feel it was unfairly maligned .
i played several mystic characters and never once really outshined the party in fact even falling behind a bit .
the one time that i did something like that was a time i was charmed by a creature into attacking the party and blew all my pai points on aoe blasting .
what made that so bad was that i was the only int player and it keyed off an int save .
not a movie but the final fight in cowboy bebop an anime
best fight ever and it 's only 26 episodes of 20 minutes .
but i understand that 's not for everyone so here https youtu.be/phxrpwvdo7w
this whole post reeks of well treated mental illness and it 's my whole vibe tbh very fitting .
cried tears of happiness in bed with my cat today .
finally over my ex and i 'm stressed about really interesting important things not about relationships and how i 'm perceived .
ich hoffe nicht ganz normgerecht bedeutet irgendein nischendetail wurde nicht eingehalten in deinem fall .
just ask am i free to go officer ? ''
i 'm pretty sick of the double standards that you cant hit women .
it emboldens absolute class acts like this to think they can get away with assaulting men .
if you commit assault you should be ready for the repercussions .
it 's entirely up to the other person how they respond some may go above and beyond and still try to deescalate the situation but nobody is at fault for defending themselves from a physical assault regardless of the perpetrator .
oh yeah there 's a tiny note at the very end of the trailer saying it .
this is teasing way too much it 's pretty much edging .
think of it this way accepting a no as a no prevents you from scaring most women and cuts out all the women who play those games .
do you really want to be with someone who makes you play the guessing game ?
also if you 're doing this in public other women will notice that you can take a no .
it will absolutely make you seem safer to someone else who might be interested .
it 'd take a lot to stop her ! ! ! ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm only a few mins away if you looking for a fat dick ?
not gon na lie i watch it bc it makes me laugh so hard and makes me feel better about myself .
demo ranch tested that theory i do n't think you would like the results .
in australia and europe i noticed most people have much smaller cars that use a lot less gas .
in the us there 's so many massive cars !
it seems like some warped status symbol to have some giant gas guzzling truck known as a yank tank in australia to haul the very big fat assets”around .
when i see or hear mega i always think of mega pint now .
my void is very fond of human food he likes to get right up in my plate .
we had to start using the butter cover again as he would lick sticks of butter .
ironically the emirati population is minority and not the other way around .
i 'm sure you know to talk in a better way .
op looks like stupid filthy nig would love to force gag you and spit in your face
i would n't know about your iconic laugh because none of your videos have sound .
so we need to reach out to them telling them we want to vote ?
thx for you two 's answers i think i 'll pair it with an aa vanguard
it was for mob clearing so for now w12-w13 are enough for me ill do a new fleet for w14 when i 'm there
the best thing about recombs is not the recombs themselves but that they make picking up rares worth it again
did you see publisher microsoft '' in your link ?
ms does n't want to write a quest app .
anstatt dass man militärische infrastruktur aufbaut die dann auch zivil nutzbar ist investiert man ausschließlich in die rheinmetallstonks .
die panzer brauchen keine schienen um transportiert zu werden die können zur not auf ketten fahren oder was ?
weird i was looking for a pocket watch to build a garrison .
phones these days are n't fancy enough or my wife ate all the supplies both could be possible
why does i 'm smiling when his beating the ass of this kid .
terry pratchett 's discworld series is usually the standard answer for that kind of books but i can recommend a lot more
diana wynne jones books like howl 's moving castle power of three the time of the ghost dark lord of derkholm charmed life and so on .
frances hardinge books like gullstruck island a face like glass fly by night twilight robbery cuckoo song deeplight a skinful of shadows all of them standalone books except for twilight robbery sequel to fly by night and highly imaginative .
if i was to describe her style as an author it would be as a combination between terry pratchett and diana wynne jones .
a. lee martinez books like too many curses a nameless witch the automatic detective monster divine misfortune emperor mollusk vs the sinister brain helen and troy epic road quest the constance verity trilogy which are very funny comedic fantasy but not in the social satire style of terry pratchett more in an absurd over-the-top parody of pulp fiction tropes .
lawrence watt-evans ethshar series which is actually a bunch of standalone novels set in the same world .
i would describe them as funny slice of life novels about ordinary people getting caught up in absurd situations brought about by the various magic systems of this world .
starting with the misenchanted sword a book about a former soldier trying to get rid of his cursed sword after the end of the war in which he acquired it .
the ascendance of a bookworm series by miya kazuki .
it is the story of a japanese librarian who reincarnated as a little girl in a medieval fantasy world and tries to reinvent paper and printing in order to make books affordable in her new world .
the synopsis does n't sound like much but it has great worldbuilding a well-written and interesting female protagonist and a story that center on the conflict between her modern worldview and the rigid and conservative society around her and on her struggles in finding the ressources and the allies she needs to reinvent things from our modern world .
a reminder to posters and commenters of some of our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/askuk/about/rules
do n't be a dickhead to each other or about others or other subreddits
assume questions are asked in good faith and engage in a positive manner
no medical advice or mental health specific to a person content
please keep r/askuk a great subreddit by reporting posts and comments which break our rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askuk if you have any questions or concerns .
i know you intended it for post 99 but i have been using it on my way to max since you originally posted it .
now they are setting quality with all the wealth .
i do n't think british can escape the karmic system maybe now they do as long us is allied but next 100 years tides change a day will come for sure they got no chance to face it and accept it .
hiking in la a shitty piece of toilet paper which i distinctly remember picking up do n't remember why i think i did n't realize there was feces on it .
nobody had hand sanitizer in our hiking group either so my fingers smelled a lil funky for the rest of the day
i just do n't see why you needed entire essays to say that .
the muscles that contract during orgasm are connected to the anus
the anterior fornix a-spot can be indirectly stimulated via anal
seen as i now half know the story i can mansplain to you if you wish ?
that 's pretty good to hear that it took time in your lessons as well but it 's kinda scary that it took a year .
the only thing i am really sad about it 's the fact that sometimes i feel i am not progressing at all but maybe that 's in my head i do n't really know .
hey look i 'm not saying it 's impossible just going to be very tough .
stats are n't everything he had maybe 4-6 weeks of good baseball when he came back from injury .
he was n't good before the injury and after he had the hot streak he was the sox worst player and it was n't close .
could n't catch or hit a ball to save his life bc he did n't swing .
no shit dude i did n't say they did .
i know drugs and i know users and no way in hell does a casual partaker of a few lines here and there end up a bad tempered rattling mess .
not every single person who takes drugs or drink becomes an addict but writers ca n't seem to realise that .
i second the lcs route but do your homework and do n't settle for lowball offers .
i know major dealers jm bullion apmex etc have purchase programs .
my preferred way to sell is on r/pmsforsale but shipping on 100oz will cost a few bucks .
i know it sucks to have to wait to start your transition but hang in there .
one year will definitely not make a difference in how your transition goes and really will not affect how your body changes on t .
i know it 's not the same and your frustrations are certainly valid but i started my transition at 35 and i 'm only 4'10 and i pass 100 of the time .
working out can help build up your shoulders and back which will help offset your hips and top surgery will take care of your chest .
60 to park at sofi for a forum concert ... . fuxkin bitches
you 'd think with all the weed here we 'd have more hamplanets but it 's closer to like 2/5 of the state is fat
he should be able to trust whoever he is with no matter what .
if he does n't want to go to a funeral or wherever he should n't have to go to keep a relationship .
i went out to a beach without sun screen on but i was basically fully dressed .
decided to roll my pants up to my knees and i thought it would be fine for me to tan my very very pale legs .
all was good until i got into the car on the way home .
they were swollen by the time i got home and the sunburn left a weird pattern on my leg it was all random and swirly sort of like a typical cow pattern .
that was the weirdest part since i didnt put any sunscreen on and i was never under any umbrella so i had no idea why it made that pattern
why does everybody have to have an i 'm just grateful to be here attitude ?
if someone gets publicity for any reason including much more despicable things than trying to help your family it is definitely an opportunity to use that publicity to get money .
all kinds of people have been making money off of this guy .
why does having a horrible thing happen to your family mean all of a sudden you have to be a saint and refuse all opportunities for cash that have come your way ?
yta for the way u treated a 10 year old child .
its time to put ur big boy pants on and move out since ur folks want to be part of this child 's life and u do n't .
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/slut subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slut if you have any questions or concerns .
oh ok. we have also an another one and that one produced apples last year but this one did n't even have flowers .
depends on where the intake is and how it 's designed .
it was over the wheel well of my dodge so going faster just shot the water straight into the intake .
never did i once say that self harming was a good or healthy coping mechanism .
telling them to get therapy does n't make it okay to call it childish and stupid
moral of the story constructive criticism and pointing out harmful behavior is good .
being a dick about it and putting others below you to get your point across is not good .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chavgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree if they sexualised yor i would n't bother reading the manga .
it 's good to avoid the all too common trope of gross male authors pandering to even worse male readers .
we had a cat that would always walk up to crying babies or toddlers and swat them on the head ...
this is an excellent start to what could be a great series of novels .
his head down blue collar work ethic from his high achieving parents his willingness to find value everywhere it exists his humility to rely on others when help is needed .
so lucky i wan na lick and sniff her perfect asshole
fan om något så är terroristregimen i afghanistan praktexempel för asylskäl att få stanna i sverige .
we just wanted to let you know that we have a new discord server come join the chat !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jobs if you have any questions or concerns .
well rony gave up 6 last time how many does he give up to the hottest team in baseball ? ?
can i feel and suck your boobs eat you out finger you then creampie you baby ?
hmm ok it may not be necessarily network related possibly could you see if it runs properly if you only have the gg client open ?
playing on multiple sites can drain resources even more so if you have some browser/yt tabs open too .
when you have a min or on break let me know your device specs please .
new orleans is a city for adults 20 wildin out .
yeah i honestly ca n't understand why people feel the need to make direct contact with these people and to be abusive themselves .
put yourself in the public eye and you will get a public response .
but he actually played well in those finals and was enjoyable to watch both players are poor here .
so the russia/ukraine conflict was manufactured to intentionally drive up price ?
sorry i did n't read every comment in your chain before responding .
if you edit the original that may prevent others from doing the same as me .
i once saw a 11.7 crit rate with 31.1 crit dmg on a hydro dmg bonus cup .
mention u/redditmp4bot under a post to download reddit videos and gifs from v.redd.it i.redd.it youtube imgur twitter gfycat gif-vif streamable redgifs giphy etc .
the funniest thread in this sub must be folks imagining how eddie would react if he went to disneyland .
why the fuck is that big mouse called mini ? ''
what would be the ability difference between dream and steve
i have one i do n't use it for any super heavy exercises .
it 's rated for up to 350lbs i 've only put 160 on it to do some cable rows but it felt smooth doing that .
has to be bolted to the wall into a stud .
not commercial gym equipment levels but definitely good enough for a home gym .
i also do n't put mine on the very highest setting when using it i think the angle of the pulleys is too acute and leads to a little bit of resistance so i just go one down and everything is good .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identity theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
no platitudes or generic motivational posts https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules wiki_no_platitudes_or_generic_motivational_posts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
fair play not many on reddit are willing to do that .
do n't bother with the apology she 's already thinking of a way out .
one is carrying the ball and one is carrying the responsibility !
i 'm pretty sure johnny cash would have been cancelled if he would be alive in today 's age .
there are still gas stations that allow pumping before paying ?
i do n't know why social media allows that content when they do this allow nazi content .
the heel piece covers the outboard tail of the swoosh too much .
alt f10 saves clips so you do n't have to open overlay and click the drop down to save .
going to see a psychiatrist for many people is step 2 .
step 1 is to win the lottery so you can afford to go to see a psychiatrist .
so nest is still the only cloud recording 24/7 system ?
that 's what i like about it as well .
like refusing to say she 'd endorse biden if he won the nomination .
yeah i need you to stop stripping in the temple of gains
that fish is a venustus which a lot of people just call it giraffe fish .
it will get the biggest of them all and it 's my only fish that is n't a mbuna .
i will probably end up giving it away if i do n't upgrade to a 125g soon .
feels strawberry jam bonus person pitch mpp ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i did n't check till lunchtime last friday and i was actually 2 up .
bringing that same energy to today so let 's get this lunchtime bread 🍞
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/athleticbabes if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're impressively familiar with his curriculum vitae seems unlikely to me you are completely unaware of his campaign platform .
off the top of my head one of the things that was changed to be more readily understandable was tao 's line in the loos .
in the tv show he has his send him a strongly worded dm ...
in the comics he says he 'll report nick to the head of house .
i imagine that the reference to a head of house would have been lost on many international audiences unless they 'd been reading harry potter and thought of professor mcgonagall ...
there 's no person i love and respect so much other than you '' no way in hell 💀
i 've seen this comment about cisco a few times but i do n't buy it .
if he 's supposed to be able to communicate in chinese even if not well he would n't speak it the way he does .
he does n't sound like someone who can express himself but has n't mastered the pronunciation he sounds like someone who does n't understand the meaning of the sounds he 's making .
unfortunately bd wong who is a brilliant actor sounds almost exactly the same probably coached by the same person .
every time someone starts speaking chinese on this show i react just like joanna did when someone dumped red paint on her .
roaming is usually always a tier 3 priority meaning t mobile or any carrier customers prepaid/post paid tier 1 priority mvno tier 2 priority roaming tier 3 priority .
we see this in canada on rogers ext roaming it 's not fast because it 's tier for priority .
super creepy i love it even though i have such warm feelings for vending machines irl ha .
do those take forever to render like clip vqgan ?
or is it more like dall-e which is super quick ?
have n't tried my own text to voice generated stuff yet .
that 's the spirit of a warrior you must be a shaoling master dude if u aint get horny watching dxd and in front of girls just waaw my respect sensei .
all mechanics have 8 base chance to spawn now including harvest and delirium mirrors .
delirium i think was this league the rest were a league or two before that .
who sits on reddit and compares someone else 's trauma at the expense of the characters they have a certain bias to ?
oh fuck i thought it was the same guy .
fabio aurelio would 've been special under klopp when he was n't injured
i ca n't comment on the fragrances but i 'll take one of those strong silent goofball teddy bears '' 🐻
i should have mentioned that they actually took my measurements in store in inches chest waist hips .
i 'm not going by dress size since those are so strange and can vary greatly .
so i was going off each individual area measurements and comparing them to the measurements i 've taken at home .
when i was like 7 i would sell stuff that was pretty much worthless to my little brother who had no concept yet of the value of money .
well they said that list was n't the full catalog even though it basically was except for a couple titles .
and the original crash/spyro trilogies because the remakes just were n't the same .
does this guy just lack the attention span to know what he 's saying is wrong ?
well done for being incapable of your own thought .
house wants humanity to leave earth because it 's irradiated .
radiation generally has a half life well beyond the life span of a human being .
half life as the name implies is half of that radiations life .
house wants to leave earth because large amounts of it is uninhabitable .
musk wanting to colonise other planets is at least a better solution to overpopulation than bill gates wanting to murder and stop half the earths population from reproducing 🥴🥴🥴
i would personally never glue together crystals like that especially with artificial greenery .
i do enjoy topping off some of my succulents with the crystal pieces and that looks really beautiful but for me having them afixed seems wrong .
i totally understand what you mean but the op 's mom has made her stance .
what is the op going to do or not do to change it ?
she is n't obligated to take on that responsibility if she chooses to that 's great but if she does n't that just means an alternative will have to be found .
and no this ai n't a family it 's a job .
every entitled asshole in the world has a mental illness right ?
if you had any kind of mental health credentials you would know how utterly ludicrous unprofessional and completely immoral it is to diagnose people you have never met .
jfc wtf is it with redditors being so fucking eager to stigmatize people with mental health issues who in reality are far far more likely to be victimized than to victimize others by labeling anyone and everyone displaying any kind of toxicity as mentally ill ?
fuck anyone who thinks it 's acceptable to label people they 've never interacted with met or even seen .
i 'm just going to block because i fucking ca n't with this bullshit .
i used the locker room toilet in 1st period gym and they had the industrial fans at every door airing the entire gym out for several hours after .
hello imonsieuranthony and thank you for your submission to gaming pc !
if you are new please check out our rules over at the wiki here https www.reddit.com/r/gamingpc/wiki/rules !
we have recently added the useful feature of title flair !
you can set this manually by clicking flair under your post once you have submitted your post but if you missed it in the rules there is a much better way that will automatically flair your post !
to do this simply add what your post is about in brackets before your title .
for example for a build log you can type build log before your post so that it looks like this build log my new awesome build ! and the bot will automatically set your flair to build log !
this works for build log build showcase news hardware news hardware release discussion and miscellaneous !
also remember that this is a place for discussing and sharing our love of gaming computers !
this is not the place for help building or determining what parts you should buy that is better suited for r/buildapc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingpc if you have any questions or concerns .
sweet corn and other varieties of corn used to look alot more like wheat then they do now .
if you could make anything meta what would it be
nah i 'll keep my 3 12 hours shifts thank you .
post like this is why as a lesbian i hate pride month .
it 's either corporate rainbows while donating to every hate group or people chumming the waters with stories about pride month inspiring them or someone close them to make a radical change but pissing off everyone in their wake .
i 'm not saying people should n't come out or be themselves .
i think they should and i think it should n't be an issue but it is .
the problem i have is people use these stories to ramp up gay bad '' post or because gay i ca n't be mad about something that has majorly changed my life . ''
if it was real i 'd feel bad for the guy in the post .
life fucking sucks when you suddenly find out your partner is n't who you thought they were for however long you 've been together .
does n't matter if the partner is gay or a serial killer it 's okay to be mad that your life is n't what you 've thought it was every day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
my wife and i think it 's so weird .
we have never seen a single pineapple at an event .
it 's like the 'flashing headlights gangbanger initiation ' thing .
info https np.reddit.com/user/savevideo/comments/jv323v/info 32 32 feedback https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=feedback for savevideo 32 32 donate https ko-fi.com/getvideo 32 32 dmca https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=kryptonh subject=content removal request for savevideo message=https np.reddit.com//r/asi_va_espana/comments/vbjf9p/el_patriorcado 32 32
im a white belt who 's been training for 2 years now .
not to toot my own horn but i 've been tapping decent amount of blues and im prob the best white belt at my school .
everybody jokes with me calling me a sand bagger and saying im a secret spy blue belt including my 2 brown belt coaches .
this is probably because i skipped a few promotion classes due to work .
but i honestly love it and think its hilarious .
i honestly couldnt care less if another white belt less skillful gets promoted before me because jiujitsu is no bs game and how you play the game speaks for itself and others will notice and see this too
from one white belt to another work until your competency on the mats are undeniable .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fanslysubscriptions if you have any questions or concerns .
as someone who worked around embassys havana syndrpme and voice to skull is a very real thing .
dude 's in here straight up injecting it into his brain lmao
i could see yvie getting 2 stars this week .
one gifted and one from the girl group challenge which is definitely her strong suit .
you ca n't trust google lens id half as far as you can throw them .
highly illegal they have cameras they know you were there .
how do i make an alt account on xbox if i want to do a late-cycle restart just for fun ?
i feel like my all-dm squad has made the game boring here in the endgame .
the first book is called the court of the air '' .
it 's more of a steampunk-fantasy story with a very expansive world .
it would make a good setting for a campaign .
gear is a good one to look at for a quickie buckie
i can order my groceries from walmart online someone does all of my shopping for me and then brings it to my car and loads it into my trunk and then i drive away .
that is the definition of providing a personalized service .
it 's also a no tip service which i would be more than happy to pay if it were n't strictly prohibited .
you literally get paid by subway to make sandwiches .
the customers are n't asking you to go above and beyond and do something out of your scope of work .
you literally do n't even get their bag of chips or make their drink .
it is n't any more personalized than any fast food joint and definitely not more personalized than a pizza place .
do you tip the guy or girl that changes your oil or puts new tires on your vehicle ?
as to the point of the number of sandwiches a customer asks for
whether you make 6 sandwiches for one person or one sandwich for 6 people it 's all just making sandwiches and there is literally nothing complicated about any of it .
it does n't matter if it slows you down to make one person several sandwiches .
it 's still what you get paid to do .
and if you make a shitty sandwich that 's on you and your complete lack of integrity and work ethic .
ah i remember being able to collect/purchase the coolest looking armors in this game .
honest question does anyone have a single green asx stock today ?
pre-emptive congratulations and fuck you '' for those that do .
are there some sterialization bills back in state legislature ?
edit or is this some qanon stuff i 'm not familiar with ?
i expect it will be updated in the next few weeks though .
lol just imagine if he drops the bulb 🤣 someone 's fucked lol
as a generic yaz taker just wanted to chime in and say im just another person who has n't had any bad side effects .
the biggest fear folks have if i remember is the higher risk of blood clots but i always remind those same folks that the risk of blood clots during and after pregnancy is astronomically higher .
please be sure to include a detailed recipe in your post this means quantities full instructions and in plain text or in the comments not only a link to the recipe or it will be removed per the sub rules !
for details you can find our community rules here https www.reddit.com/r/ketorecipes/wiki/index and the keto faqs here https www.reddit.com/r/keto/wiki/faq .
please report any rule-violations to the moderators and keep doing the lard 's work !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ketorecipes if you have any questions or concerns .
let 's sit beside the warm glow of tv 's warm glowing warm glow .
probably got some incest question based on the other post from this user .
a we live in aus not a shithole country .
b am the dad we have life insurance that pays all our debts in case anything happens healthcare is not a problem in australia .
c as a defacto relationship we have literally exactly the same protections as someone with a piece of paper .
how in the world does he make his face red like that ?
in the end i had another offer for lo ohm and settled .
i 've always had awful nails and my mom warned me as a kid no girl is going to like your nails ''
jokes on you mom women love them for back scratches .
please remember there are real people on the other side of the monitor and to be kind .
report comments that break the rules and do n't respond to negativity with negativity !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bangkok if you have any questions or concerns .
colour change happens to a lot of people ie mine are generally hazel but a deep green in summer and a chocolate brown in winter .
manus is easily cheesable though just wear full havel 's armor and it 's a cakewalk .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asshole if you have any questions or concerns .
as a chivalry vet who waited the extra year for this to come out on steam it 's always fun to surprise knights charging at you as an archer bring the hate by destroying them with the tiny dagger you get from the beginning .
though tbf those might just be other steam plebs too .
trump did n't even invade iran even though he had plenty of opportunity to do so .
that is great hopefully that will trigger more research on female hair loss .
i lost a lot of hair from severe anemia and hypothyroidism .
so far i 'm ok to style my hair but i 'm definitely concerned about the future i use the minoxidil foam every night and it seems to be in a holding pattern .
would love to get my hairline filled out surgically maybe one day !
has all the settings there if not pm me .
i feel proud to be a yoru main as well
whatever the pull rate is when double masters comes out it 's one helluva lot higher than the pull rate um ... today ...
delete this post on the subreddit page they are published pictures of anime and hentai characters not real people .
i do n't think its really necessary for him to apologise and if you do n't like it well unfortunate hes dutch not an excuse but its like common lol
what 's ironic is our dml or out online line is made with the freshest food that 's just how it is .
i assume because for people order online the time it takes to get to the store your food is just as fresh if not more fresh than when your ordering in store .
but onlines are always prioritized through the company themselves .
mostly because they paid for their food and folks in store have not paid until there reach the cashier .
it 's kind of sorta common sense but nevertheless we also do n't have enough staff to fully run our stores at fullest capacity when we have one person on the main line and two on the dml or online line .
it 's well-known by now that a lot of stores are so short staffed that we physically can not keep up .
dunno man i just do n't live in the us .
heard about jan 6 when it happened that 's pretty fucked up but apart from that he 's just a weird spoiled rich kid .
at least as far as i know but i do n't follow us politics .
people literally go to the gym to get validation there or make themselves such that they receive validation from others .
i could n't care to debate what the problem here is because both their reactions to each other seem unwarranted knowing what 's to be expected
i 'm trying to have enough that fits into two and have a variety of series myself .
do n't think trump was liked by more than 10 of danes .
ik kan me voorstellen dat zelf als je weet dat het feitelijk niets toevoegt het gevoel dat je er misschien ooit spijt van zou hebben dat je het niet deed heel wat logica kan overmeesteren .
that 's not a reputable brand but seems on par with the mystery products that smoke shops often sell brands no one has heard of before with no safety labs .
they did n't bother to test for anything other than potency so there 's no way to tell if it 's safe or not they 're obviously a company that just wants to make money and could care less about the health of their consumers .
companies that do n't test for safety are completely untrustworthy .
there could be pesticides heavy metals microbials myotoxins residual solvents or foreign matter in it but there 's no way to tell unless you test it yourself very expensive or you end up getting sick and having issues .
it 's best just to use products that have a full coa at least you 'll know what you 're putting into your body and lungs .
bruce was the mentor of all the original members of the team with maybe the exception of red arrow .
season 3 even has barbara calling bruce out on the fact that anti-light were made up of mostly his former proteges which includes kaldur and m'gann .
dschingis khan hat millionen frauen und kinder in den tod gejagt bewußt und fröhlichen herzens .
die geschichte sieht in ihm nur den großen staatengründer .
was die schwache westeuropäische zivilisation über mich behauptet ist gleichgültig .
ich habe den befehl gegeben – und ich lasse jeden füsilieren der auch nur ein wort der kritik äußert – daß das kriegsziel nicht im erreichen von bestimmten linien sondern in der physischen vernichtung des gegners besteht .
so habe ich einstweilen nur im osten meine totenkopfverbände bereitgestellt mit dem befehl unbarmherzig und mitleidslos mann weib und kind polnischer abstammung und sprache in den tod zu schicken .
nur so gewinnen wir den lebensraum den wir brauchen .
wer redet heute noch von der vernichtung der armenier ?
interior is all original and in really good shape so we might try to keep it 1995 awesome .
i 've almost always recieved good or perfect care when in contact with swedish healthcare both for mental and physical ailments so ca n't really complain .
however the experiences alot of people report on having is fucked up
haha so that 's part on pokémon is not that fictional at all🧐
maybe once you setup a base which is the main reason i can see caring about a precise landing it will then place a marker on the planet and then the cursor can snap '' to the marker when close to it and land precisely .
in low elo sure but dia3/immo there is no way .
you got ta play alot more than just on weekends to get there
i dont even understand why so many people would call it a plot hole here .
a it has nothing to do with the plot its just potentially inconsistent with our understanding of our universe and b its fiction so if the author says most planets they visit have breathable air and similar gravity then thats the canon lore and cant be argued against .
i made the mortise a bit too deep and i accidentally broke right through while sanding .
i love dogs but if their parent is going to take them out they 'd better be ready to clean uo any mess they make .
pee in bushes is one thing peeing or shitting on the floor of a business is not ok .
the pet parent should be real about how their pet is going to behave .
if they can only handle the park only take them to parks .
changing the black into grey and changing warm greige into lightest shade of grey .
rug here is too loud to the room and to its interior .
brown furniture will look good and will outlook the individual look of the whole .
adding low heighted white coloured centre table with some abstract in its shape will uplift its the entire room .
a scalar is one number a vector is a list of numbers .
vectors can contain two numbers which can be used to represent a direction on a two-dimensional plane i.e. the first number represents how far you go in the x direction and the second number represents the y direction .
for three dimensions you use vectors with three values a x y z .
now you can use the vector a to represent three numbers which simplifies notation .
doubt you 're going to get any marks thanks to the above paragraph in that time .
i saw a video of this mf getting head from a girl doe ?
three back to premium is pretty insane but at least it 's a way to save orbs .
i should n't have much to worry bout until eom june and july now .
most of the time i do n't really care and do n't end the fight because i have all the plans for her .
i 'm just in there to pelt snowballs but i do have my legacies if need be .
most of the time other legacy users end it for the rest of us so go figure .
yeah light level and match-game have been part of the games foundation for such a long time .
removing matchgame would defeat the entire purpose of enemies having elemental shields .
and you benefit more from matching the element to a shield anyways because the shield explodes and damages nearby enemies .
i do agree that master lost sectors lack loot and so do legend lost sectors .
once i 've got the collections filled out i do n't touch them .
quote sauce https youtu.be/4d_5qwvhjrq ? t=00h06m58s a rick-roll for sure ''
i 'm not familiar with the brand but the labels look vintage/retro probably 90s
i only know the market for hc ladder pc but what you 're asking seems excesive .
also 25 fcr is a fixed stat rather tell us your lightning skill damage roll
netflix egyébként a világ legnagyobb hülyesége méreg drága és ami oda felkerül az az általad említett kalóz oldalra is szinte azonnal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
kgbtr'de uygun fiyatlara reklam alımları başladı ayrıca kgbtr'ye iş bağlayan her üye 25 komisyon alacak detayli açiklama https www.reddit.com/r/kgbtr/comments/uqecr1/kgbtrde_reklam_al c4 b1mlar c4 b1_ba c5 9flam c4 b1 c5 9ft c4 b1r_dikkat_kgbtr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kgbtr if you have any questions or concerns .
device with 4630 mah should last at least 1 and half day of usage if you 're not playing performance heavy games or playing 4k video all day .
my nokia 5.3 with moderate usage could last easily 2 days .
realme 8 that i daily drive can easily reach 2 days of battery life again with streaming music and social media being quite heavily used .
if it does n't then the software tuning sucks .
this is usa 's ps now for those wondering .
feel free to play the video at .50 or .25 speed if scrolling seemed a bit fast .
decided to upload this recording for future reference and for anyone who 'd like to keep tabs of what games we may end up losing in this transition into the new ps tiered subscription .
another option for reviewing removed content is your rev***eddit user page https www.reveddit.com/y/o ! w ! n ! ! c ! u ! t ! ! 5 ! 4 ! 4 ! 2 ? all=true .
the real-time extension https www.reveddit.com/add-ons/direct alerts you when a moderator removes your content and the linker extension https www.reveddit.com/add-ons/linker provides buttons https i.imgur.com/0baimpq.png for viewing removed content .
there 's also a shortcut for ios https www.icloud.com/shortcuts/62bc7570613c42cb8b851fad264136df .
the parent commenter can reply with 'delete ' to remove this comment .
to support this tool post it on your profile https old.reddit.com/user/me/submit ? title=see+which+comments+of+yours+have+been+removed url=https 3a 2f 2fwww.reveddit.com 2fabout 2f and select 'pin to profile ' https i.imgur.com/uq9agmv.png .
20 m virgin strong looking for someone to help me
i ca n't remember her real name but that gif is of her monica geller character from the t.v .
if you ever get the courage to do it ask your partner to not press at the front of your neck ask them to instead press the sides .
the goal of strangling is to cut a but of the blood flow to the brain giving a light-headed feeling .
pressing on the front might just damage your trachea and that 's not good .
when you press the sides you are just pressing on your jugular arteries which supplies the brain with blood .
source i am into gfd and i spend quite some time on gentle-bdsm subreddits .
your biochemical makeup fell in love with her to get her pregnant .
now her biochemical makeup is testing to see if you will be a valid strong and tenacious father for the baby and your family .
when the baby is born oxytocin will release and she will calm down especially if she breastfeeds which increases the baby 's iq and many other positive survival necessities .
if she does n't get adequate sleep for too long without breaks the opposite will happen and the break down of bonding with baby can cause postpartum depression which is likened to what you 're dealing with now only 1,000 times worse .
i know because my 20 year relationship/marriage produced 4 children and i experienced every possible outcome .
if you divorce you will most certainly never bond with your child/children .
you will lose them for the most part unless their mother dies or becomes significantly incapacitated
keep going and enlist help form people who actually specialize in what you may be dealing with .
good labor doulas are well worth it and more .
neither dont need the money but there are better things to do than just chill
i live in a brand new neighborhood they are still building a ton of houses and at the nearest gas station they have a smaller version of this outside of the gas station and i never knew what it was for until i saw this post .
i 'm tired of catering to hoarders and compulsive shoppers who ca n't handle the reality that they have spent money foolishly and no one wants their junk .
a lot of the people in my life do this so they can hoard more stuff .
if i have to do something with an object after recieving it repair alter donate throw out they are giving me a task not an object and my time is far more valuable than almost any object donated to me .
i hear the ufc is pretty good at that stuff .
with revenue sharing i bet a ppv on putin vs any world leader would single handedly solve world hunger .
yeah lol we have a few claims to fame here
i 've lived here since late february and have n't added any .
i do have an auto pool filler but i do n't have a water softener or anything in line .
platinum max about to turn this hipster into vapor .
i 'm sure you and zack sabre can make a human pretzel .
so how come brie never learned how to wrestle ?
in the ring on the mic and even banged the hotter twin .
this super man someday turn back into chris reeves .
i 'm genuinely worried this is n't concern trolling .
you should walk away before i leave you rolling .
okay last line just to make sure that you heard me .
if i have to tell you again i 'm aiming bars at birdie .
gothard and the cult really do prey on poor people .
look at how poor the kellers were or still are idk .
driving up oil prices so that people will switch to electric vehicles .
yes but have you seen the price of lumber .
congratulations you have been given 1 point for solving this post !
it took me so long to realise the l star is actually an lmg
i 'm honestly surprised so many people have 1k days logged in you guys should take a break there 's lots of good games that actually get content updates .
they even believe that black people are too stupid to locate a dmv and too poor to purchase a driver 's license or state id card .
fuuuck that may send me over the edge baby .
it does not make you a bad person ! !
she should get crap for the way she dressed !
i was literally on a leash bc my mom couldnt control me id run everywhere
ich bin ein visueller mensch und finde eine grafik immer interessanter und motivierender als eine rein nummerische darstellung .
meine technik ist sauber laut meinem watcher aber klar wird bei den letzen 5 bis 10 etwas gewackelt was bei inzwischen über 160 ls auch nicht verwunderlich ist .
klimmzüge mach ich so wie du bin da aber weniger ehrgeizig .
bin happy wenn ich 10 am stück schaffe arbeite da noch drauf hin bin bei 6 oder 7 je nach tag und das über 6 sets .
this is a place for republicans to discuss issues with other republicans .
to those visiting this thread we ask that unless you identify as republican that you refrain from commenting and leave the vote button alone https www.reddit.com/r/metarepublican/comments/5t017a/this_sub_is_for_republicans_if_you_do_not .
non republicans who come to our sub looking for a 'different perspective ' subvert that very perspective with their own views when they vote or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/republican if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
there is a difference between being a bigot and unknowingly encouraging bigotry .
anyone who thinks being proud of one 's caste is harmless falls in the second category
and alexis 's you 're a liar and this is why derrick do n't like you ''
potevi anche evitarti di andare a votare nel passato e non andrai alle prossime consultazioni tanto niente cambierà in meglio
his stylist karla welch is very popular within the fashion world .
okay i 'm not going to continue to repeat myself .
if you actually are interested you should look at any database to get an idea of the amount of relational data needed to support any application .
which is kinda weird because b 's and c 's are n't really small '' given their body frames .
i just finished white palace and i 'm totally done .
i still feel india should have played arshdeep and malik .
malik for some quick wickets and arshdeep is arguably the best t20 bowler in india .
both of those things would be easy to program .
if the ai was sentient you would n't need to .
the ultimate irony is this thread will probably be locked or post removed .
the theme of the article is the problem in schools is only getting worse because administrators repeatedly choose to sweep the story under the rug to prevent further discussion .
lock the comments delete the post ban users violence in schools will continue to deteriorate until there 's another mass shooting maybe next week at a school your kids go to .
let me know when we 're ready to take this problem seriously .
a car is only worth it if you 're heading out of london for any reason to drive in the city centre which is a really big area will cost you at least £15/day in congestion charge plus parking which will be expensive to be anywhere near anything good .
is there a reason you are n't looking at hotels ?
given your budget i 'm assuming you are n't keen on having a kitchen to keep costs down on eating out so you could look at booking some rooms in a fairly fancy hotel and requesting they be close together .
that said your trip falls in the middle of uk school holidays so you 'll need to book soon our schools do n't go back until early september .
child-friendly attractions like museums will be busy too so book timed entry for them to be sure you do n't miss out and you wo n't want to miss out on the natural history museum and the science museum .
i had phimosis as a kid and having a boner was painful .
keep in mind that gamergate/comicsgate/fandom menace does not represent the fandom and is extremely bitter about that fact .
if anything you can tell how well something is going by how mad that group is about it .
i tried the first episode and did n't care for it .
then i heard all of the hype around it and figured i 'd try a little more .
what a fool i was for ever dropping it .
asmodeus ' dynamic with iruma is fantastic and everything with ameri is amazing .
her fight scene is one of the coolest things i 've seen in the last year .
well you can lol that was the point in buying it on pc because it runs far better on pc than phone .
either that or it 's some sort of pre-fab unit that 's not intended to be expandable .
the only way i can see this being practical is by never needing to change anything after assembly .
it 's like we are mapping our own mind at the same time we are drawing the object ...
u got ta use the ur version for a 50 chance to level up there sa
1 i 'm discussing that in a separate thread .
2 a firehose of unsubstantiated allegations is not the same as rampant instances of the thing alleged .
3 when i check the news most of the child molestation i see is happening among religious leaders or conservative politicians .
as ever accusations from your crowd seem to be projection ...
a patient person who is willing to explain things that we do n't understand .
is n't there a us nazi slash religious dude that recently literally publicly proclaimed to round gays up and put them to death '' ?
it blows my mind how such a person is still not in jail .
your post has been removed because this post violates one or more of the rules https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/about/rules we have set for the subreddit
this post has been removed as questions are required to be descriptive and open-ended .
the title to your post must be a descriptive question .
please do not answer your own question in the post title or description .
yes/no questions where only one of the responses leads to an open-ended prompt are not open-ended .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2f subreddit and include a link to your post .
please do not repost without express approval of the moderation team .
please remember to read the rules of any other subreddit before posting .
naw its man weave im assuming its just for the role
sleep paralysis happens when waking up which could happen when doing a lucid dreaming method called wake back to bed
you know your countdown run is screwed when your group members ignore the hunters in the beginning .
uh it 's way better to overestimate their power meaning we arm ourselves or our allies like ukraine with so many weapons that we absolutely obliterate them rather than underestimating them and lose or estimating them and dragging the war on forever .
the elevators keep leading to what looks like same floor but i ca n't tell .
only reason is because when i look out the windows it does n't seem like i 'm getting any closer to the first floor .
raising awareness that riding on top of trains is gaining popularity and is yet another sign that the city is too soft on crime ?
it was part of eastern block ... unless you are talking figuratively .
a pint glass and a fork are exclusively mine .
that used to be a fancy feature on pc motherboards but nowadays isolation is on just about anything but the bargain basement boards !
i 'd love to be able to cum in short succession like most girls can hahah .
when i take my morning meds i say pills here ! ''
an old one but 'roadside picnic ' had a similarly spooky vibe and interesting ending as the southern reach .
please note when you call someone 'overly sensitive ' 9/10 times you 're actually saying 'i behaved badly and hurt their feelings but i do n't really care or understand and they should suck it up . '
like when hawthorn saved him from a boltcaster to the face in the red war .
i went on weed maps la i 'm in the bay and papa select is at some place called atrium in los angeles it 's 90 bucks valley care givers sells em for 65 go on weed maps in your area and type in papa select
impressive although either i missed a couple or you did hehe
lmao you do n't have the balls to buy this crashing shit pile .
while i have never personally had a bad time i know at least 4 people who have been at knife point because they chose to go down an alley in tucson .
there 's a reason every pro team i know has at least one strat named ghost
since the average person is unlikely to die from covid the same way they are unlikely to get into and die from a car crash and even with a vaccine/safety features there are a non-zero number of deaths
self harm and suicidal ideation are both very unhealthy and usually signs of mental health issues that need attention immediately .
you should seek out professional help as soon as you can .
many people have suicidal ideations like what you describe as a symptom of depression anxiety or other health issues .
self harm is an incredibly destructive coping mechanism and you need to find alternatives .
there are other ways to ground yourself in your body that are healthy .
make an appointment with a therapist asap they can help you go from there
i love how that 's the same model for the dogs in fallout 3 .
i 'm sure there were well hidden issues in utah as well .
3.6 million leaders of the democratic party are to blame for his loss .
being eaten by cannibals looking for my dumb ass son .
i use a m12 barrel grip with collins coping foot myself
i hope crypto eventually decouples with the macro situation .
sorry u/benitocorleone – your comment has been removed for breaking rule 1
direct responses to a cmv post must challenge at least one aspect of op 's stated view however minor or ask a clarifying question .
arguments in favor of the view op is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments .
see the wiki page for more information http www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules wiki_rule_1 .
if you would like to appeal you must first check if your comment falls into the top level comments that are against rule 1 '' list https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules wiki_rule_1 review our appeals process here https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards wiki_appeal_process then message the moderators by clicking this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fchangemyview subject=rule 201 20appeal 20benitocorleone message=benitocorleone 20would 20like 20to 20appeal 20the 20removal 20of 20 their 20comment https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/vbimra/-/ic9im6j 20because\.\. .
please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban as explained in our moderation standards https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards .
i swear i 've had an issue with something being wrongly marked at delivered at the ravenna oh post office too ... there 's something going on there !
i believe he mentioned he has sourced the parts and will have them for the sept batch .
he is currently 14 june assembling the last of the july batch and hopes to have them sent by friday barring delays .
then he said he 's just waiting for supplies to arrive so he can start building the sept batch .
though i 'm cautiously optimistic i would n't count on early delivery .
even so on-time delivery is becoming a novelty these days so i 'll take it .
i 'm think tesla 's numbers are fake i think pwc is sleeping and we 're gon na see a wirecard 2.0 in a couple of years .
galaxy brain jrob drafting a beefy wr who gets to legally inhale steroids during the game .
the individual boars do n't revert but it only takes 1 or 2 generations for them to be completely feral
they managed to make a forecastle but since there was no actual project management or forethought again they just let domi and his team do whatever he wanted and the forecastle they made was terrible and basically unusable .
which is why he was fired and they split with the europe team .
so they did n't just not make a forecastle deck they somehow failed at making one .
now after 10 years they realized they need to actually plan out the game and modeling and will actually do that when they finish snowballing 401 .
i was bought this kit for my birthday a couple of years ago but have n't started it yet as i 've been having some problems with my eyes .
when i do do it i will be dead chuffed if it looks anywhere near that good .
i also really love your shoes they make you look soo tall and powerful so jealous
i mean i did in the other 3 posts i wrote about this but alright we 'll die on this hill .
i 've lost 50lb doing weightwatchers whilst also working on my binge eating disorder .
it 's such a flexible plan and the fact that nothing is off limits really helps me to avoid binging .
i think restricting who food groups or drastically cutting back on certain types of food will lead to a feeling of deprivation/missing out and for me this takes me straight back to binging .
you act as if kenny or drazah have toxic personalities
yeah the extra space is what im concerned with .
although i am in a good position because i am going to re-build my green production from scratch for this .
i plan to just work backwards ... . i will start with an proliferated area that makes green science at a great rate .
once done it wont be long before i notice for instance that my graviton lenses cant come close to keeping up so then ill make a graviton area hopefully proliferated and so on ... ill just keep working backwards until i can seem to finally match the 4.5k or so science im currently pulling from the other colors .
thats the plan anyway.. it just seems like a heck of a lot of work and it honestly kind of intimidating to me ...
eek honestly if you do n't feel that bad i 'd just ride it out with tylenol and vitamins and hydrate like crazy
your comment has been automatically removed because your reddit account is less than 30 days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/instacartshoppers if you have any questions or concerns .
i would catch that cat everytime you see her roaming and send it to the shelter saying i found a lost cat ''
the neighbors would be pissed how many times they 'd have to go to the shelter just to claim the cat .
we had a facebook parent group and they 'd post for volunteers there .
much less pressure and half the time i did n't see the post until after the event .
we only do birthday parties for close friends not for the random kid that invites the whole class .
we attend school events that are important to our child .
that 's usually the year end award ceremony and if there 's an art show since they 're really into art .
we 're asked to give a flat 25 at the start of the year to sober costs for field day and parties etc .
maybe you can message everyone on the pto that idea before you block them .
i remember hearing sometime on the radio they polled females if a guy invites you over to his place for the 1st time what 's the 1 thing that they could be out of to make you unlikely to return and the 1 answer was toilet paper by a large margin with a majority saying they would n't go back no other answer was even close to it .
edit removed a grammar error that changed the way a sentence read .
dude you sound so high strung if anybody needs to smoke some weed it 's you .
your entire argument lies on the premise that you interact with it on a daily basis hence you should at least know more about it beyond the black box '' .
this is supported by the fact that you brought in taxes and cars both of which are already heavily regulated by professionals and the government as well so do n't go moving the goalpost now by introducing a new definition of your previous argument i.e. your idea that city infrastruture has established regulations hence is not as pressing of an issue '' is an invalid argument .
therefore given your initial premise i 'm merely pointing out you do n't have to be so condescending initially .
in particular the way you bring across the point you ought to know it the same way you should taxes and government '' albeit with much more disrespect .
if you want to have proper discourse do it like an actual adult does treating each other with respect and having actual conversation .
not one where you adopt an unwarranted high ground and talk down to the other person as if you know better .
your latest response has been far more structured and proper with clear definitions and actual premise excluding the fact that you just tried to change the initial premise by setting that new condition of heavy regulation '' and it is actually easier to stomach .
also you ca n't say people are insulting you when you were the first to do that yourself .
tl dr ultimately my point stands of everything in life it is perfectly acceptable not to know about the black box in which computers and technology operates .
it 's far too technical for the average person even for people in stem to warrant spending time learning about it .
conclusion do not go around condescendingly looking down on people just because they do not have the same subject matter expertise as you do .
fyi the equivalence is getting you to learn about how your structural buildings are loaded and the way piling systems are used to ensure stability .
but does the benefit outweigh the cost and investment in time to learn ?
context is everything but i have to agree with op lol
watching sosa fail his shots miserably but then he hit a half court shot like whaaaat😂
i 'm guessing since she was n't planned to be in every episode especially when the show first started she was n't billed as a series regular .
the 3 nicotine does n't feel too too bad but 5 felt like i was just slowly killing myself
every person you 've ever seen who went straight from undergrad to law school has applied before their graduation .
barça can not afford to cross it without reducing the expenses
windows turns older the first version of windows was released in 1985 exactly 37 years ago .
pure convenience back when i used to play mmos now i 'm used to it and i find it better
and yet we were told by others not to expect any new stuff in this showcase and within 5mins we get this
hit me up i 'm chill cool and a switch
if not now is the time to take a chance on something that could make you happier in the long run
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
cypress lakes also has putting/chipping/range but idk if they have a practice bunker
i lost my wife one manic episode fueled by prozac that pushed me over the edge .
looking back i 'm shocked and now i 'm back to missing her and loving her but she 's gone .
no one understands the disease like we do ppl going through it .
do n't forget about all of the pictures of this idiot with a bald head and fucked up teeth get ripped right off the internet .
i wan na keep the 6 inch but want a little pull back not exactly vertically gifted lol
dude i have 370 hours in ffxiv and that feels like plenty to me what the hell have you been doing for 6000 hours ?
i 'd assume so so you think a short paragraph would suffice ?
if you are good at it and you do n't hurt the people you work with there 's nothing wrong with that !
messi suarez neymar attack did n't need any goal from midfield .
it 's all nice and good to have players like iniesta thiago but if you do n't have the same quality upfront nobody will finish those chances or use the possession effectively .
everytime i argue these points i hear the paradox of tolerance people throw this at me like its a constant gotya .
since you 've heard it so many times already surely you have a refutation that 's better than simply saying you disagree with it ?
simply expressing disagreement is not legitimate discourse it 's just a cop out .
but i agree with the us ruling of said notion under freespeech .
these us notions that you agree with have resulted in patriots '' storming the us capitol trying to hang the vice president because they refuse to accept the results of a legitimate election .
these are the people you 're saying we should try to reason with and treat as ideological equals .
we should try to convince these people that hanging the vice president is a bad idea .
the more you speak the more obvious you make it that you are beyond reason .
recently the party spent the night in a high class tavern .
the next morning the breakfast was offered and it included croissants and cappuccino .
of course the characters did not knew what they were and were surprised while the orc was somewhat disgusted .
he began complaining and asking for stew the waiter replied there was no stew available .
the orc went mad flipped the table and hit the waiter .
he went out and started causing mayhem so someone called the guards to apprehend the croissant-rage-inspired berserker .
more guards came and after several attempts at solving it peacefully it went down hard .
i mean naruto and bleach can be wanked to universal soo i do n't see a problem with god being universal
how else can i know when you are horny enough to pound my ass sis ?
so is this ecb meeting finally going to kill dxy or what ?
because those models are not in any format that can be loaded into blender by default .
you need to get the blender source tools addon that lets you import the .mdl format models or use a source converter to change mdl to fbx or obj .
you 'll need a program called vtfedit to open them and then extract the texture from it and save as a png or jpeg .
i 'd nibble on your toes because i know it would make you giggle helplessly and i would n't stop i 'd eat your ticklish sexy feet 😉🤗😜
i 'd add either gen 2 or extinction both give really easy access to element .
if you have players that do n't have those dlcs then crystal isles easy element shard farming with a mantis on the eldritch isle .
of the 3 i 'd rank them gen2 extinction crystal isles
this was posted over 9 hours ago and a quick google does n't show anything like this .
! he literally sacrifices his life to save the world and is literally killed by the caricature of him as being a psychopathic murderer without feeling .
not to mention literal death being a possible side effect .
thanks my brother a year later i 'm finally starting to get myself back together i lost everything the amount of things she is still doing blows my mind .
i lost focus on myself and my 3 girls .
it 's about time i start doing for me i love her but i know i can be with her.. thanks again..
i do not know if this also covers the thermostat housing since it 's typically replaced at the same time .
the law firm also happens to be just down the road from me .
primary engine water pump means the primary coolant module including the engine water coolant pump and the controller unit .
i 'm uncertain if controller unit refers to the thermostat so i sent an inquiry .
i 'll let you know if i get a response .
technically no because puerto rico are not a state and therefore they are not from united states
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/burdurland if you have any questions or concerns .
still hoping they errata primoc escapee and print some primoc support !
me personally i do n't care if y'all put lizards first .
i do agree with the idea of helping citizens before trying to save the world .
but it 's been the impression all my life that most of western europe is a wonderful utopia with the most amazing healthcare system low crime beautiful culture the most pure languages friendliest people who judge by character instead of what someone looks like or where they come from some of the best public transit in the world top notch education most welcoming and open minded citizens .
so yeah if i was a refugee from chad or iraq or ukraine i would probably choose to go there as well .
people going north from central and south america going through other counties that are able to provide assistance to get to the united states .
the us sounds like a decent place to some .
but to address my original comment it was more a set up for a joke than a serious inquiry .
the joke being that you would say that europe has bared the responsibility of such and such place or the world for decades if not centuries and my retort would be that it would be because of european invasion on 25 of the world 's surface so they had a vested interest in protecting assets which is not the same as a humanitarian burden .
yeah that 's chloe and yeah i did n't bother finishing my playthrough with her either lol
i 've had the akg k712 for a long time and they 're quite good for the price i also compared them to a lot of headphones from the competition before i bought them .
but it 's only since i got the focals that i can actually hear clearly what changes when i 'm fiddling with compressor settings and also hear the low end correctly better than on monitors because of room acoustics .
it 's the first time that i really could do almost all of the production and mixing on headphones if i wanted .
still using headphones is always like zooming in and if i mix only on headphones i 'll have to adjust the levels on monitors afterwards to correct the bigger picture .
tl dr there are no headphones that fit your description at that price point .
the akgs are fine if you mix and master using monitors afterwards .
idle ram usage quotations are almost always moot even if measured correctly which is rare to see .
it 's desktop environments and their configuration like theme panels window management programs on autostart which is something you will adjust to your taste anyways .
from your selection i would suggest pop ! os because debian-based is more on the stable side and has a larger repository compared to redhat-based fedora suse .
endeavouros would be second in preference being a little too unregulated ca n't write anarchy without arch for my taste .
edit whatever distro you choose enable zram swap and give it like 25 of your ram .
if the minority is n't beholden to the majority then does n't it stand to reason that the majority then becomes beholden to the minority ?
it can be for a lot longer than 10 years .
the sponsor can potentially be on the hook until one of these events happens
immigrant earns enough ss quarters about 10 years ' of work
there 's a possible 5 the sponsor dies but some theorize that the deceased 's estate can be held responsible
if none of those conditions are met the sponsor 's obligation remains .
divorce does n't get rid of the obligation either .
tlc does n't go into this much at all and that 's really not that big a deal since the majority of sponsored immigrants will never need to apply for means-tested benefits and even fewer need to sue their sponsor for direct support .
and sorry for the long-ass post ... got a little ahead of myself there
ha ... my old company had this sign 0 accidents for 500 or so days '' .
i asked how that is possible its a huge warehouse with so many people and i have seen people get hurt .
80 of workers there were employed by the staffing agency and not us .
eventually some employee hurt himself at a machine and had to go to the er .
it was just stitches though or i would not have mentioned the story .
maybe it 's just me but without looking up what transgressive behavior is i had no idea what was going on .
googling it seems that transgressive '' is not often used outside at least somewhat academic articles .
it 's not always possible for a nurse to hold him up after every feeding but maybe if you are there you can try and hold him upright after feedings .
medication for reflux can actually make it worse so a lot of nicus wo n't medicate .
overly spiced food is unhealthy just like eating from mcdonalds kfc etc everyday .
spices are not just red chilly and pepper there are numerous spices that taste anywhere from mild to moderate to hot .
baring in mind the 5800x3d is one of the best cpus for gaming and the 5800x is nearly on par with it you will be fine .
theres nothing amd that will give u significant performance gains over it
i told the front desk the vending machine was giving out drinks for free because i felt guilty
there is a spiritual successor to ntr legend being developed called ntraholic
transplanting isnt a good idea.. plant it where you intend to end it .
i hate the public so much working as a bartender that it 's taking years off my life
there 's this historical isekai that peaked my interest a while ago namida ame to serenade .
only read a few chapters but the premise seems promising .
i 'm a sucker for period dramas and this one is a teist on that for sure .
it sucked but it was the best i could afford in the dc area .
i 've never once seen orgimmar i do n't know what a single major city looks like horde side aside from the outside of the undead city and i swam past it on my way to the scarlet monostary .
r/onlyfansfootlovers is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansfootlovers if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks for your reply that was our plan get up early and get to the campsite as soon as we can .
i do n't anticipate getting the best spot but have to make do with what we can .
dus doordat er politieke oppositie vanuit zweden is is het goed ?
they might also want to trade or play with friends which is now impossible with the removal of the tcp/ip feature from regular d2 .
i 've never had the steam store not lag on any device
the 'a ' and 'b ' are just sequential categories .
an 'a ' combination is a tractor unit towing a semi towing a full trailer .
ie one turntable hitch one drawbar and a steering front axle on the second trailer .
a 'b ' combination is a tractor unit towing a semi towing a semi .
if it was someone else 's book and they had mentioned that they had more than one lover .
you should be able to use the bookshelf now .
please make sure to flair your posts and to follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/beautifulindianwomen .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/beautifulindianwomen if you have any questions or concerns .
but who 's crazy enough to use a jetpack in a city where you could injure multiple people ?
am i able to run the android version of ic2 on a microsoft surface go or is the regular version the way in that case ?
curious since i had to run the steam version of legends of the alliance app on my surface go .
maybe one day our cultures will be more open about this .
seeing the large number of white folks out and about especially during these times speaks to the impact our culture has on our people that we ca n't experience the same freedom .
why is it that everytime someone has a misdirected emotion they never fail to comment emojis or text emojis whatever you call them somewhere in their spam of comments .
et ole sisäistänyt vihapuhelain joitain piirteitä joka on myös tarttumista ei-tykättyihin mielipiteisiin '' .
tällainen on esimerkiksi se että rumia miehiä pidetään rumina miehinä .
you 'd need a crow bar to prise me out of you !
at my last job i found myself taking more and more things over from project managers owners since i knew more about the technical details and how best to scaffold the project in jira that best reflected reality .
the trouble came when i realized i volunteered for a full time job and created a ton of extra cognitive work for myself on top of my senior dev duties .
to solve my predicament i had to change jobs but not for lack of trying .
my advice is to help out how you can but keep it in the realm of helpful suggestions communicated well '' instead of you 're gon na fuck it up let me do it instead . ''
they most certainly would n't take a cut of profit to report tax to the irs .
r/camgirlshelp a subreddit dedicated to camgirls and their fans .
r/xlove a cozy subreddit about xlovecam models and their customers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/camgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
this submission was posted by u/babimunizts who is a verified member of r/shemales .
that means that this is a real live woman posting her body on the internet for our enjoyment so respect her as we do not allow any rude and random bullshit in the comments .
if you do n't like it move along and do n't comment .
to learn more about her be sure to check out her profile u/babimunizts for more quality original content and links to her socials .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shemales if you have any questions or concerns .
i think margo gave didnt help them or gave the russians faulty design .
zo fucking pissed off dat ze nog steeds dit flikken en er mee weg komen .
woon zelf in gelderland dus je kan je voorstellen dat mijn standpunten niet populair zijn met de boeren hier .
i said dont pull on the weapon banner u less you have majority of the characters
as an f2p i personally do n't see pulling on the weapon banner since there are free weapons out there that do just fine for alot of these characters
and we 're all entitled to our way of playing the game
i can give that advice on a public post without it being a big deal since its one of many opinions on how you play the game
i do n't know if the deals will improve the common african live
the infrastracture/dams/ports/rails/and land fertilization that china is building in africa will improve the life of the common african that 's for sure .
and china 's behaviour towards africa has been good these recent years it always has been cooperative it holds a multually benefecial economic relation with africa dunno what you talking about .
but maybe these funds to train new leaders '' to lead africa might be revealing .
the current leaders that are leading african countries are no good truth to be told but paying to train some leaders is kinda fishy to me at least .
there are some sp missions for rotr and shockwave that are pretty damn good
i think possibly at wooloongabba stones corner coorparoo area .
not too far into the city flooding not a huge possibility lots of transport options .
i meant that i feel like the power-scaling is weighted to much towards the host which turns the whole thing from
oh no there is another player stalking near here trying to kill me we better move carefully ''
bambi ... . come out and playyyy ... . ''
california residents drivers and customers voted for prop 22 .
raise fees encourage low tipping bad service then eventually the populace becomes disenchanted and new proposition gets voted in ...
if it does n't have a level requirement it means that it starts from level 3 when you get the pact boon
the cops charge that person with multiple crimes even tho it 's the same crime
i try to do it once and a while .
these bums gave iq a d bro who tf cares what they think
i 'll take red as long as i get to choose the power you could pretty much be unstoppable
for where/how to read/buy the ln/manga or translation status please check the subreddit 's guide .
https reddit.com/r/classroomoftheelite/wiki/guide make sure your post is in compliance with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/classroomoftheelite/wiki/rules as well to avoid having it removed .
please do n't forget to appropriately flair your post and mark as spoiler or/and oc for original contents like fanarts/fanfics if necessary .
check the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/classroomoftheelite/wiki/linkflair on how to add a link flair !
if you have already done so you can disregard this message !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/classroomoftheelite if you have any questions or concerns .
some also do anal sex instead of vagina to keep things pure ''
please report rule breaking behavior via the report tool or modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_html5 subject=report 20a 20user message=username 3a !
if you are a creator please verify https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_html5 subject=i 20want 20to 20verify ! message=imgur-link 3a to get access to exclusive perks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_html5 if you have any questions or concerns .
czy takie coś jest zgodne z prawami antymonopolowymi i konkurencji ?
if you had to pick one for a new person to the series would it be the 1st or 2nd ?
you should be around level 43 i think for the 5th palace .
one way to get lots of levels is to get chariot to rank 7 for insta-kill and just go around mementos when you 're doing a mementos run .
use this time to also create new personas especially when you 've got fortune to rank 10 .
also get jose 's stickers so you can get bonus exp .
niten ryu is miyamoto musashi 's school of swordsmanship .
i suggest reading the go rin no sho the book of five rings if you are interested in this type of thing .
one of my marching instructors died that way late 2021 .
texas breeds oppression which in return elevates human trafficking .
north fort worth is supposed to be high class societies and i constantly get amber alerts along with seeing some crazy things myself .
old white millionaires had this town locked down for centuries .
diversity is finally flourishing but they are letting a lot of innocent people get caught up in human trafficking bc of sheer ignorance and hate for people who are poor or of color .
i love america i love being american but texas hates women and people of color .
it is time for an overhaul of legislation to fix texas from the inside out .
abbott needs to be indicted because he is 10000 complicit to allowing human trafficking .
downtown fort worth treats anyone who looks not like money like trash .
be careful with the construction and monopoly on parking as well .
not tourist friendly when it comes to hospitality and accessibility .
so you have n't measured out of the pump ?
if they did n't notice you looking like that they 're either blind or stupid .
het is een echokamer in dezelfde zin dat r/thenetherlands een echokamer is .
i 'm thinking about the way of letting him go easy without ghosting him
who dropped the fucking ovaries i ca n't hear shit in here .
thanks for posting u/fuellowe.to all the people commenting feel free to give your honest opinion but comments must be free from insults ! ! !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickwhitegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
he might very well proven to be right in a few months but he is no longer bombarding with a btc dominance video every other day .
no i already know about the 10nmol/l that was set by the iaaf regulations .
the expert medical panel shall recommend that the athlete is eligible to compete in
women 's competition if she has androgen levels below the normal male range
though i think they have changed the regulations since it was issued due to backlash .
here 's a link directly to it through the iaaf website .
https www.iaaf.org/download/download ? filename=58438613-aaa7-4bcd-b730-70296abab70c.pdf urlslug=iaaf 20regulations 20governing 20eligibility 20of 20females 20with 20hyperandrogenism 20to 20compete 20in 20women e2 80 99s 20competition 20 20in 20force 20as 20from 201st 20may 202011
let 's just say i 'm having a hard time reconciling every exchange on earth overtly defrauding their customers with a bitcoin buying frenzy .
edit it 's nanase kurumi from menhera shoujo kurumi-chan .
you also look very much like someone i know named venus
he was stressed a bit at first but then they gave him food and he just chilled out
i 'm familiar with it i 'm just saying hood '' is n't what 's normal for the majority of black people i assume you 're specifically referring to poor and dangerous ghettos '' .
id_like_to_leave_now if someone has made a claim that they bought sold something and fail to prove it within 24 hours message the mods to have them banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallstreetbets if you have any questions or concerns .
they are asking for money that was given to them in aid mostly from where ?
this is n't money made from their own economy we did n't freeze money they made on their own .
we froze assets for from when the taliban overthrew their own government .
i 'm sure they would disperse the money properly .
what is the point to ended up like this ?
i 'm sure i 'll sound like a broken record about it but if you know what direction your flight will be coming in and you check the approach route beforehand seeing some of the world 's prettiest places from above becomes a regular part of any flight .
when i book flights i always pick a seat based on what the previous approaches were on flightradar24 https www.flightradar24.com recordings .
most of the time you 'll find your flight coming in on the same path though sometimes deviations happen due to the wind that day .
then i 'll pick my seat to be either far forward enough on cheap flights without special class seating up front or backward enough so the wing does n't block my view .
and i never forget to have my camera in my lap with either a zoom lens or a big wide angle lens .
if you need tips understanding flightradar 's routes check this recent flight out https www.flightradar24.com/data/flights/kl605 2c5c1ebe .
as you can see near sfo it comes in just over the coast before turning around over the bay .
in this case the left side seating would be ideal .
at this point i 'm just adding more and more pictures to my window seat album https www.flickr.com/photos/noaceulemans/albums/72157719977617173 .
also if u plan on going into mosh pits with this vest i would not recommend adding spikes on it .
u do n't want to be that motherfucker that hurts people in the pit with spikes .
why would a victim chase their abuser accross 5 bedrooms 2 bedrooms ?
why would a victim send 50 texts overnight begging their abuser to respond ?
why would a victim force their abuser to stay in the same room as them three hours in a row ?
my step father did n't let me leave my bedroom for about three minutes in a row .
i was this close to either calling the cops or shoving him away .
there 's no way i 'd stay three hours in a room with someone against my will .
and a violent abuser sure as hell would n't either
i got ta let my family know that they are n't just asian '' and that they have a nationality too
i heard we will see new video of trump drooling in the wh during the attack on the capitol .
from what i can see he 's went from making actual interesting theory videos and discussing the lore of star wars to making clickbait videos that revolve around rumors and leaks for easy clicks .
tbh how do you not notice after the first shot ?
if it goes boom it 's a bullet if it goes pfft it 's a tranq dart
ja kyllä niitä juttuja kuule julkaistaan kun vaan on halua kertoa tarinansa
the readers might want to know more about my background in relation to the essay .
since my word limit was 50. i kept it short and summarized in a sentence but used ur advice 3 thank you again !
during the lunch break after chatting with his goodbrother lord lotho rogare would approach the lannister corridor .
i have a gift for lord loreon lannister on the occasion of him reaching his majority.
the norm is 40 hours per week 8x5 as you must surely know .
some industries will designate 37.5 which is 40 with a 30 minute break each day .
the leagues appear to be guided by ancient sentient ai and their populace is cloned .
i see a lot of darkness in this sort of sci-fi setting and liken it a bit to a faction akin to the federation without some of the more enlightened principles .
they are going to be conflicting with mecahicus and imperial dogma quite frequently .
and they 're a glimpse of the empire the emperor may have wanted to avoid by outlawing ai .
how can they have any free will if they 're guided by an amalgam ai that dictates their future ?
i 'm excited to learn more and the universe is big enough to accommodate a non-imperial non-chaos human faction .
if you use it as a truck bed it will show signs of wear .
that 's part of using your truck like a truck .
if you 're not trained sure they do because you do n't know how to take them .
this guy has been taking suplexes his whole life .
source i have been training wrestling and bjj now for almost 10 years .
i 'd rather take a suplex than a blast double any day .
the little portable fans with the spray bottle on them always call to me lol id try that .
i agree i 'd have no problem with the guns being safely stored there but do it for the friends mothers peace of mind if possible
i made a joke about one nigga n now you his white knight actin like a cornball on the internet .
you want an apology so bad for him go ask yo mother for one lil brah get over it its jus a joke 😂😂
i 've seen people posting about it on several subreddits but none of them credit actual verification from ukraine or germany .
do n't you think that it 's unreasonable to expect the direct and detailed public reports about the received weaponry from the army officials during the war ?
i 'd go back to the contractor and request they try some pigmented sealer to try and get the dark light gray areas closer to the same color .
with that being said you pay for good concrete and aesthetics one should not be sacrificed for the other .
7 years experience in project managment for a commercial industrial concrete contractor .
cool thanks for letting me know i can unsubscribe from both subreddits
i meant it like stop being a pussy '' .
thanks i 've looked at that and other resources this site https criminallawpennsylvania.com/philadelphia-gun-lawyer/transport text=philadelphia 20county 20requires 20that 20all carry 20it 20throughout 20the 20county https criminallawpennsylvania.com/philadelphia-gun-lawyer/transport text=philadelphia 20county 20requires 20that 20all carry 20it 20throughout 20the 20county .
made me think it 's maybe not allowed but i have n't found anything else about it .
rereading that site a third time though i 'm realizing that it might just be saying that permitless open carry is n't legal in philadelphia even though it is elsewhere in the state .
seeing this thread just reminded me about researching it previously .
traveling there in october and debating whether to bring my handgun .
i suppose even if it 's allowed by the city it would mean me coming out '' to my very liberal but very anti-gun parents .
thank you i was worried because the software showed 0 rpm for fans most of time
there 's a serious lack of competition in ireland across many industries .
and less competition almost always leads to higher prices for consumers .
from banking to insurance to telecommunications and grocery shopping there are fewer providers supplying irish customers than in most other countries .
for example there are three main mobile operators in ireland 3 vodafone and eir while in the uk there are four 3 vodafone ee and o2 .
there are three main supermarkets here supervalu dunnes and tesco while in the uk there are five tesco sainsbury 's asda waitrose and morrissons .
there are five main banks here aib boi ptsb ulster bank and kbc with the latter two set to leave over the coming months while in the uk there are over a dozen .
it might n't seem important but that one extra competitor or two can often be the difference between cut-throat competition in a sector and a cozy almost cartel-like behaviour that increases prices for consumers .
sometimes the lack of competition simply has to do with our size .
smaller countries naturally have fewer suppliers as there are fewer consumers to serve .
however some of it has to do with anti-competitive practices in certain industries that discourage and prohibit new entrants from entering the market and which need to be tackled .
your submission has been automatically removed because you used an emoji or a non-standard character .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/daddy if you have any questions or concerns .
i mostly sat this wipe out so i went with my gut haha
it would appear like you have an opinionated take .
it looks like you 're new to our sub .
first things first please make sure you have posted using a clear and descriptive title .
if it does n't give you an idea of what you 're asking about your post is probably going to be removed .
if you 're considering a specific branch put that in your post !
each branch can be very different and saying the military '' is n't helpful .
include your country if you 're not asking about the us military .
head to head comparison of the military branches http www.military.com/join-armed-forces/military-service-branches-compared.html
top 10 things you should know before you join the military http www.military.com/join-armed-forces/top-10-things-you-should-know-before-you-join-the-military.html
as a reminder to commenters any encouragement to lie or withhold information will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/militaryfaq if you have any questions or concerns .
had to go back and find it littlebubbychild on ig .
so the manual trans is completely free from the stupid dct/tcm issues ?
i think i 'll start out with just mornings like you mentioned .
i am only allowed to water on odd days as my house number is odd and that 's set by the town .
therefore i 'm kind of limited to water every other day .
would like to get to the point of skipping an every other day between watering .
hitting 36w on thursday and i 've been over it for months years ? ? ! ! .
i want to not pee every 45 minutes or be drinking bottles of gaviscon .
my neighbor went into labour today and i am so green with envy .
3 more weeks and two days until my cesarean 💃
probably worse but he had a lot of time and money to scrub the dirt because he wanted to get into politics and needed a clean record .
i 'm already a fairly skilled unity developer have used it for almost 2 years but i still sometimes use scratch because i love the aspect of not having to worry about sprites scripts annoying movement rigidbodies colliders or whatever .
i love that it 's just simple stuff without many steps .
then try gamemaker it 's simpler than unity particularly for 2d games and it 's actually designed for making large scale projects unlike scratch .
i like scratch being simple and easy to understand for kids .
but i do n't think a clone limit adds to that .
it does if you have to add additional blocks to support it like you mentioned in your post .
the lack of a clone limit also does n't add any simplicity while making it much easier for new learners to create projects that ca n't possibly run having to work within limits is something you have to do and this is just part of learning that .
honestly i 'd argue that it makes scratch even more complicated because it 's probably confusing that you can just create clones and at a certain point it just stops for seemingly no reason .
that 's an issue with documentation or peoples ' lack of reading it not with the functionality itself .
what 's the problem with just getting rid of the clone limit ?
one big one is the impact on performance which you acknowledged in your post .
yes it 's a solvable problem if you have the time and money to spend fixing it and it 's a high enough priority to be worth putting your limited resourced into .
since scratch is designed for learning to program not for experiences programmers to use as a lazy way of making things there 's no real reason for them to spend money to change it when it does n't provide value to the actual purpose of the site .
maybe scratch 4 will be able to handle more clones without issues thanks to improvements to hardware and the underlying code the interpreter is written in but it 's not a feature that i would sit around waiting for/repeatedly ask for vs just using something actually designed for making games .
when we remember the purpose is to cut to the same size so that each piece takes the same time to cook .
then it 's up to you whether you do it by hand by knife mandolin etc .
for ragu cut the carrots celery onions to the same size .
use a food mill to push tomatoes through the same size holes creating a smooth sauce .
i might suggest if budget allows for the router aspect .
this will move everything to tp link omada and be configurable all under the controller oc200 you can remove the controller if you have say a raspberry pi or server and install the controller software there .
say if you want/need another access point eap610 you can simply attach to the switch or wireless mesh and it will be configured with your current wireless setup automatically .
the us srp i think is 75 but its out at asmodee direct which means the price will jump until it gets a heavy discount on its next reprint later this year .
the game itself is a blast if you want a storytelling device .
the freedom is also nice where you can just up and change your mind easily .
gameplay wise its only complex in that there are several mini games but each becomes intuitive after a while .
i wish there was more stuff involved with cattle or gold .
i suggest get it when on sale whenever the reprint next hits your country .
merchants and marauders more complex but worth it if you can get past the fiddly rules .
if it 's a draft day trade we can give up 2023 .
tessa i think i get what illustrious is saying cause i originally thought they were being an a about the parents ' income .
'' right but making sure she has alternatives like the ones you listed and suggesting she exercise them is the responsibility of the parents is my point '' and '' there are ways to get around not being able to afford a home computer besides letting the kids figure it out .
what they 're saying is that the parent 's are n't as for not having each child with a laptop but they are for not taking their daughter somewhere that did like a library .
instead they relied shifted their responsibility to the other daughter .
really trying to kill separation of church and state i see .
the nanosecond bobby b dies name tywin hand and ship cersei back to the rock .
i would 've said something a tad different with cersei .
i mean she 's distraught i do n't know why she jumped into the dry moat !
the huge thing i see is perhaps the advantage of having stannis as hand instead .
your have involve yourself more because you 'd be good cop to stannis but it would distance you just a little bit from the lannister name and rebalance the bias at court .
i see a lot of people saying the marriage was all for nothing .
it 's a shame that this attitude is so common .
yes i realize that most people have the intention to marry for life and there 's nothing wrong with that .
but to say that the years you spent with someone especially when children were one of the results thereof were a waste because you broke up is to in essence waste your own time .
you did the best you could with the info you had about your partner .
i do n't know if she knew she was gay the whole time or not but i 'd be willing to bet she was n't consciously trying to waste her own time either .
people are always doing exactly what they choose to do .
those choices are still valid even if something changes later .
if you have good feelings and memories those are worth something !
if you worked on the relationship and learned more about yourself in the process that has value !
it is absolutely okay to be sad angry lost confused everything .
but when you immediately run to this was all a waste of time ! you 're adding the pain of that snap judgment to the already full plate in front of you .
relationships are worth it even if they do n't last forever .
you got things out of those years that you would n't otherwise have .
the job before you now is to grieve the loss and heal enough to move on invalidating those earnestly-spent years of your life does nothing to help you .
and one day you 'll try again and all the new experiences and feelings will be a worthy use of your time just like they were before .
life and people and emotions change all the time in ways we ca n't predict .
if the permanence of things is the sole indicator of how worthwhile they are then basically nothing is worthwhile something i do n't agree with at all .
give yourself time to feel okay with letting go .
he very likely settled for more than they 're looking at for the civil case to make sure it was n't aired out though and these women have assessed that risk/reward and come to this conclusion .
we suggest you take a look at the next subreddits
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twentyplus if you have any questions or concerns .
you must ruin your body forever and risk death for being raped .
yeah that 's probably why they did n't go with the cannibalism angle .
they did n't want to make it seem like they were ripping off the most famous fictional serial killer and if dexter was a cannibal it would probably be a bit harder for the audience to root for him .
then some of them figure out how to summon force ghosts .
sparc solar is a nice little optic for the money .
it 's solar feature actually bumps up the battery life to like 100,000 hours which most other brands do n't really seem to do .
for the magnifier i 'd grab the vortex micro 3x .
it 's got very good glass for the price and is just a super compact unit .
birkac tane rastgele insanin fotorafini bide polis takbikati fotorafi koymuslar ve sanki ikinci holokostu ortaya cikarmislar gibi davraniyorlar amk
dedigim gibi r/genzedong da olan uyghur genocide ve xinjiang threadlerine bakin lutfen ben bu konunun tamamini boktan telefonumda otobuste ingilizceden turkceye cevirerek yazamam
i got mine last year and they have n't been on sale since a full year to the day
i 've actually started saving custom channels with the tones for that specific repeater and naming them after the city .
question just because i get a kerchunk or a morse code back from a repeater does n't mean anyone can understand me right ?
it 's probably safe to assume if no one ever responds then my message is too garbled to respond to .
i got laid off in 2009 it was the best thing that ever happened to me because i found something else that catapulted my career .
you will find that sometimes the end of a job or relationships for that matter lol is really just the beginning of something much better .
imagine genuinely believing it would be a good thing to choose your made up religion over your very real family
i 'm not sure what you mean by the second statement ?
you were curious about beth 's character if you 're actually interested in it why not read it ?
also for the genius part if you 're lazy to read maybe i misunderstood tho here 's a video literally on this topic not sure whether i 've seen it but i 've seen some videos about the creating of the show and they were good maybe that would explain
if you ever find out the world is ready for the answer .
do n't make a big reaction but make them get down .
dude that was pretty close ... i fucking hit the ground so fast ''
officers are talking like they 're recounting the shooting years later .
its a great game but not sure if it 's something pyro would enjoy ...
children accounts of the main account can not pull money or see the balance of other accounts .
when the vaccines came the excess deaths lowered again .
ask tiffany dover how she feels after the vaccines came ...
there are many developers who frequent this sub making plenty of money .
that said they worked hard and it took a while to gain traction .
they also are n't responding to job posts about being a va when they are developers.
pc yes even at full price almost completely bug free for new users but there are exceptions
nextgen console yes at full price if you really like the game but there are a few more bugs here than the pc version but in general not game breaking
previousgen console maybe ... definitely more bugs here but for most people they are not game breaking .
not many people realize the first game was kind of buggy at release too ... those things all worked out and it became almost universally loved as a top game in the genre .
he may he may be growing old and harder on his initial opinions .
all i can tell you is that for me personally fin gave me sides that only appeared prominently after a few months of taking it and even now a couple of years later i 'm still not completely the person i was .
this isnt to say dont do it but just to be wary because if you read reddit you would think that nobody has sides and it 's completely risk free i 'm looking into dutasteride mesotherapy to try and avoid the systemic sides but i wouldnt ever take the fin pill again .
just my anecdotal experience however it works great for some people .
as someone from portugal a fisherman and a sushi lover ... this is wild .
one of the most seek after species in the summer when they eat only seafood and the flavor is heaven .
will they become a member on 1st january like other nations usually do or are they going to be immediately brought into the eu due to the current situation ?
hard candy glamoflauge pro full coverage concealer white also used for cut crease
it seems like you may be new to succulents .
if so we recommend taking a moment to read the beginner basics https www.reddit.com/r/succulents/wiki/beginner-basics wiki and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/succulents/wiki/faq to get up to speed on succulent care and find answers to common questions .
looking for care information on mimicry plants or mesembs ?
if you are asking for help please make sure you adhere to the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/succulents/wiki/posting-guidelines we need a detailed description an explanation of the environment such as sun exposure soil and watering and a bit of a history to help us make an assessment !
the sidebar community info on mobile and search function are also fantastic resources .
if you 've already done all that then kudos !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/succulents if you have any questions or concerns .
sounds like this product is en route to being a major flop because of this .
lol no problem i 'm just being an ass good luck to you too
dang my friend is able to play it and we downloaded it from the same place do u know why ?
i am so glad to have been around for both of these historic moments !
i finally know how it feels to be part of a viral reddit inside joke !
it is against the laws of god and man .
interesting i ca n't upvote your comment but every one around yours .
i 'd guess the thing about prank kids is n't how scary they are but how awful it is to play against them .
if you do n't open a handtrap they combo for 10 minutes .
then when you think they 're done and pass ... they do some more stuff for 5 minutes during your turn .
even better when the player takes a couple seconds between each and every action .
i only go for the better punchlines in the comments haha
they go alright no worries '' and go ask someone else .
sinclair to launch 20/month direct-to-consumer streaming service bally sports on june 23
currently bally sports rsns or regional sports networks are only available on directv stream as part of their 89.99 choice plan .
in the past two years the channels were dropped by youtube tv sling tv hulu and fubotv .
sinclair 's directv deal will be up in the middle of 2023 .
a reminder for r/girlsinyogapants users this is a subreddit for pictures of butts in ideally yoga pants .
we 're pretty easygoing when it comes to whether something is technically an yoga pant or something that just happens to look like yoga pants .
remember we are not easygoing when it comes to behavior .
we will not spare you when it comes to the ban hammer .
comments are subject to deletion and users subject to permanent bans for being shitty towards others or making unacceptable comments .
anything with underage/questionable age content or creep shots will be removed and submitting users banned forever .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/girlsinyogapants if you have any questions or concerns .
feel like that would 've been a solid trade for all 3 teams .
one i worked for did n't like shrink going up at the dc so it came down that you no longer reported anything broken on the truck when the door went up .
no one at the dc was packing the pallets properly and it started way before from the companies sending product to the dc even so this caused problems ranging from broken glass fish tanks and such to horrendous dented cans of food and more .
hell outright missing items even in some cases not on the shipping manifests .
brilliant stock management software required the whole load to be accepted '' also then you fought upstream when a case of food was missing later on .
dc managers/corporate did n't like the shrink going high at the warehouse so it became mandated that it was effectively store shrink '' instead .
and one guess who came out of the woodwork and started wondering why shrink was high at a store level ?
circle of idiocy engineered with intent probably to start cutting hours forcibly at the store level and most likely slashing bonuses for managers which were anything but many of them had fancy titles but pay and abilities did n't even come to close to a manager of yesteryear
i have clara but no tiye and i feel equally stuck .
that game was way more stressful than it should have been .
oh well in that case i do n't believe it because sunbreak has less budget for updates than world or iceborne .
also they never said 2023 updates would include monsters .
i 'd score it quite low but purely on personal preference reasons and i 'd have to know a lot more about how it fills and writes to score it meaningfully .
let 's say 3 with room to move to a 5 or a 1 depending on non-evident characteristics .
i do n't like screw caps it looks chunkier than i prefer my pens to be and there 's far too many colours in the swirl even before the glitter got involved .
none of those are damning for the pen though plenty of people like those things .
it gets points for not being excessively tapered aesthetically i like my pens pretty much drainpipe shaped and in general i like a bit of swirl pattern .
do you know if it 's the same type of deadly poison '' that you get from fetid pots ?
that poison hits for 15 damage per tick if i remember right .
it 's pretty good but it also runs out quicker than normal poison .
perhaps ever year we could change them to add an extra grade would n't that be wonderful !
i would say it costs you take ace instead of a wl trait you only get a wl trait if you pay the cp
i ca n't do something in lieu of something else if the first thing is n't on offer .
100 of new yorkers could want it upheld but if it 's unconstitutional it 's unconstitutional .
yeah this is what it turns into after we take 3 of 4 .
never stop fearing the hypothetical labour government that 's worse somehow .
never knew how to smoke it until this subreddit .
i lost a significant amount of weight and spent years in the gym and i hate when people say just work out ! when you ca n't spot reduce/gain fat .
your post has been automatically removed as it 's missing oc from the title .
the post guidelines can be found in the sub 's sidebar .
https www.reddit.com/r/contextmodbot/comments/otz396/introduction_to_contextmodbot mention a moderator or send a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhorny message=https 3a 2f 2freddit.com 2fr 2fhorny 2fcomments 2fvj54hx 2fm19_any_woman_think_they_can_take_all_7_dms_open 2f if you any ideas questions or concerns about this action .
that helps make my decision on not buying a winter setup from a 2021 wrx .
i am headed the all season route like i originally planned .
r is a programming language used for statistical treatment of data .
just wait until they set their sights on the 1st .
some would argue that sometimes being trafficked is worse than death .
i think he is not satisfying your needs for some reason mentally so you are not getting as wet
this is my first playthrough.i only have varimir left and i went all paragon to avoid killing off future opportunities so now what ... does this have a big affect for me2 if you do n't get this mission ?
ako idemo u najdalju povijest migracija slavena onda da crnogorci su porijeklom većinom srbi ali i hrvati .
ali razvojem povijesti crnogorci su se profilirali u zasebnu etničku skupinu imali svoju državnu zajednicu izgradili identitet .
dapače u pogledu srba crnogorci mogu biti samo veći srbi od srba jer su turci dobrano izmijenili genetski i kulturološki kod srba iz srbije .
i 'm 46 and ca n't grow sideburns a full beard .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlynudechicks if you have any questions or concerns .
she got so litty she splitted her kitty on the runway .
i 'd show you a pic of my results if i could but it 's basically just how to grow san pedro nothing about making it more potent
do n't forget babes i have tons of more content just like this on my onlyfans plus soooo much more it 's also on sale right now for just 5 ? ! ? ! ?
that 's not a mural thats an inspirational live laugh love type photograph collage .
you 'd have problems getting that passed on artistic merit anyway .
however fitness gyms are good places to exercise which is another of the submission criteria .
i would either submit the fitness center or i would go for the easiest nomination and submit the whole building as x apartment recreation center and in the description of the rec center mention that it has a fitness center inside .
i scan my own film using my v600 and i use silver fast 8 as for editing them am i allowed to edit film ?
i genuinely have no idea sometimes i look in the mirror and see a 2 sometimes a 9 .
so i think your attorney is discussing a motion to modify stay that is supposed lift the protection as relates to a specific creditor .
it makes no sense in this context if you filed a divorce .
but really the stay is to protect you from collections not from things you consent to .
if no financial or property demands are made upon you it seems unnecessary to file a motion to modify stay .
and i never once said i got any info on anything from any meme lmao .
i thought i was telling you something with my dumb ass 🤣😂🤣
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hbuyrewqxvvxst .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's hard to believe that you crammed an entire confession into this short post .
could you add some detail to it before posting ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sluttyconfessions if you have any questions or concerns .
remember to flair your posts if you have n't .
also all users should remember to be civil with eachother .
users with under 10 karma may have their comment automatically removed by automoderator as a preventative spam measure we apologizes for this but it keeps the community clean of spam and bots .
if you have flaired your post please ignore this message
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/plantsvszombies if you have any questions or concerns .
in some aspects this is actually an appropriate answer for their degenerate asses .
edited i also meant to put better alternatives but it slipped my mind though i do think that 's a reason for alm 's downfall
i 'm doing it wrong nothing about my backpacking makes me look cool not until purple makes a fashion comeback
whatever type of rodent that is also looks well fed and/or a pet like a chinchilla or hamster .
yeah my b max is n't even on the table
regardless i do n't see brunson underperforming to the point that it 's a bad contract
my family did n't disown me but they made their bigoted stand and i disowned them .
i have zero interest having that type of hate in my life or around my son .
guess you did n't follow football in 2001 but yeah back then .
that 's up to you i 'd have a look at some gameplay or something .
you might enjoy it or you might hate it .
basically it 's just full on non-stop action the game gets progressively more ridiculous as it goes on .
personally i really did n't like the game but maybe you will .
seriously that was the story with you guys last week .
his era was good if you removed the bad outings .
it 's okay to be critical of your own team and not a blind homer .
if you do n't like it that 's your choice as well but nobody cares .
i got 1k let 's just hope i do n't spend 2k stones without them like last year
shitty country '' i would n't know what you consider el salvador or brazil or saudi arabia etc
i had 2 classmates who were engaged during ms1 and both precisely married the summer between ms1 and ms2 since the summer between ms2 and ms3 will be for dedicated and same for ms3 to ms4 .
unless you want to wait until after med school .
it 's not that most urbanists and yimbys are ignoring out of spite most are just tired of having to make the same response/debunkung to the same objections/excuses most make like
if you do n't want to bring out their pretentious side '' just read their manifesto and watch their videos before engaging with them .
i forgot this was reddit and people need the s
bought it in late 2020 and it 's been pretty good to me .
we removed them but not sure it is worth stripping .
if the module is installed in a box/fixture that attenuated the signal then an external antenna should be used to ensure it can communicate with other devices .
there are limits based on your county 's rules fcc in the usa isedc formerly ic in canada europe may have several notifying bodies never dealt with that side myself as to how much power can be radiated .
the xbee manual should have list of antennas that have been approved for use with the module as well as the maximum effective radiating power that can be used for the given frequencies the module can transmit on .
depending on your application/device using an antenna may cause communication issues if the transmit power is too high as it can overload the front end of the radio and cause distortion .
so an antenna is not always a good idea .
all antennas have a gain which has to be taken into account when setting the transmit power of the module and should be set to no more than what is allowed by your country this should be covered in the manual .
essentially the directivity of the antenna will allow further distances omni vs yagi etc which will be based on application normally the manufacturers keep baseline distances for guaranteed operation by in real life these can vary .
the common denominator is the frequencies that any module uses and how often it transmits data in that frequency or band that limits power regardless of what that module actually does .
it has to play nice with all other equipment that transmits on the same frequencies/bands which is spelled out in the rules of the governing bodies in your country .
xbee communicates in the same way that zigbee communicates .
burgers need high heat and flame so i get it up to about 700-800 and then on they go .
i love burgers soda and my native country very much but i do not understand our government .
everyone says america is a great country and i look around and see who else is a great china .
we would have such a leader instead of sleeping in negotiations rare hair soft pickle bad memory old beadon .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
wonder how many of them have been at the cost of living or housing protests ?
i got demo dragonfly so lots of void explosions especially with volatile triggered .
there arent many weapons i think that can get demo+adrenaline junkie ... i think there are 3 solar pulse rifles and a kinetic hand cannon aside from this ?
and especially it being void just makes it even better .
with those portions seems like a good deal though .
nice of them to provide currency exchange equivalents to make sense of the numbers .
was a reference to my last post but i agreeit was quite far fetched i deserve the downvote surge
this was a satire but i ca n't in good faith deny that it has a point .
voting republican if you are in any way marginalized is literally voting to oppress yourself .
cost a hell of a lot less to replace a tyre than both windows and roof treatment that will show her just hope she is a karen and not him .
it 's not really a spin on the narrative .
my narrative is from the view of the astros .
judge being clutch does n't mean we did n't blow it .
for the neutrals it 's wow that was fun to watch two teams go blow for blow .
i do n't see it mentioned in this thread but some high quality food will go a long way to improve your energy during a session .
i exercise in the mornings usually and a bowl of oats and a banana will double my session length versus skipping breakfast .
also it 's worth looking into creatine which increases muscle capacity recovery between attempts .
shit like this is going to get doctor 's offices bombed again .
at least 3 is a little more consumer friendly than 4 .
his podcasts are super bias to one side on every topic as well may i just say
you speak with the judgement of youth and without empathy .
that moment tonight showed us he cant express his feelings .
another young man brought up to be a man '' .
why do you think he sees it as a negative to show feelings or care about someone .
lets remember these people are in there early twenties they dont know shit about anything and barely understand themselves
you 're obtuse because advocating pubic policy is your job and you 're clearly a republican who supports republican views and ideals .
your mother is a hampster and your father smells of old elderberries !
now go away before i taunt you a second time !
i remember in high school getting lucky a lot by waiting for my turn and class ending then the next day when presentations continued i would make it a point to let the teacher know we did ours yesterday before class ended .
it 's literally just cola you piece of shit .
how fucking desperate are you to seem cool that you decide you want to force a joke '' about a child consuming drugs .
which would be funny except nothing in this scene implies that they 're doing drugs or a drug stand-in .
you just saw a can of soda and the two neurons in your head fired for the first time in a week and you jumped into the comments to screech lean and spam purple emojis like a clown bastard .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
the emh is like saying to not bother looking for money on the street .
some people will find a hundred dollar bill just lying there and say the emh is wrong .
on the other hand are you looking in the right place ?
there 's a lot of coin at the bottom of a wishing well .
no season 4 is called the gas leak year .
he left for 4 came back for 5 and 6
alternatively you can pick samurai and bait out long-winded attacks to punish with mighty shot fire arrows .
that 's how i killed him and samurai can use his swords right out of the gate not that they 're very good but i suppose they 're handy early on in the catacombs .
you seem to have a very narrow minded view of this .
you 're seeing it through the lens of your ego through your experience and thinking your experience is everyone 's experience .
people are very diverse in their anatomy as well as their experience and reaction to things .
it 's good that you 've found what works for you and that you are confident in your path .
but to tell others and advise them in this way is harmful because it simply is n't objective .
what you were subjected to it does n't make it true for everyone .
there is very little that is the truth for everyone .
and i know a lot of other people can as well .
be careful advising people using fear and a negative personal experience .
can confirm this is the nastiest flavoured shit i 've ever put in my mouth .
nah my neighbors would n't be happy with me firing up the mower at 11pm
i ca n't remember how many times over the years i 've been told and told again first aid training cpr-courses workplace safety stuff that people that are in shock or risk going into shock due to the situation is best dealt with by giving them some busywork so they wo n't distract you from more pressing matters .
i have had opportunities with girls but i always wanted to be someone 's first like they would be mine .
i 'm entirely biased but i really enjoyed the rock n roll ghost 6/17/2011
that 's good and i 'm happy that you at least had the choice to get that medical procedure without being denied entry to businesses and air travel .
when i was a year old my grandparents would give me a sip of their rum and my uncle would give me some of his beer .
i loved the rum and wanted more and would go for it .
but luckily when i was 9 i became an epileptic and then was idea of drinking was not allowed .
however when after i turned 16 i went to parties and happy hours .
i had white powder of glucose but it looked like cocaine .
whenever i put that in my water to keep my energy up i could trick others by dancing so crazy or just pretending to be drunk .
now i am happy putting all of an electrolyte of piña colada with my water .
i only take an alcohol drink very rarely not because i want it but because i am 35 and many tell me i look like i 'm my 20s .
we keep telling you guys our show is tennis why does nobody believe us
tha k you for making my long work day much more bearable .
a tower cooler is already plenty for a 5600x .
have you checked that the fan is spinning up and stuff ?
please feel free to dm me for a referral😄i 'll respond quickly and answer any questions you may have .
keep in mind you will need a valid id or passport for the offer .
it dosent bother me in the slightest i was just wondering if all women are this open with their friends
nope sorry i posted it by accident wasnt finished typing yet
yes there was for healthcare workers and federal contractors along with the osha one .
it 's funny things we do n't notice as children even though we had such an amazing imagination .
the seat right next to him the one he moves to at the end lmao
sorry your recent post https redd.it/vm6iag still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
to be honest if you managed to sleep during a 5 hour gun battle on a ship i doubt you would be waking up as the ship sinks to the bottom .
so you 're obviously gon na get the generic not all guy 's are the same '' which is true but the general rule is if a guy struggles in relationships or just struggles to get laid there 's almost no chance it 's not on his mind when he 's hanging out with a girl .
it 's just a biological impossibility a genuine paradox .
it 's not that guy 's do n't care it 's just that our actual brain chemicals are making it harder for them to be just friends .
we catch ourselves doing extra things for girls we like even when they do n't ask then we hate ourselves for it even when it 's not the girls fault .
it 's not as simple as guy 's only want sex '' most of us want more than that .
but when we 're not getting that part it 's biologically impossible not to think about .
guy 's who get laid a lot are usually friends with more girls they are n't interested in .
that 's pretty anecdotal but the rest i think is backed by science .
i follow one of the murdoch heiresses literally the heir to billions and i 've never seen not one flex of wealth like audrey
i 'm in canada but to my understanding of our laws if someone is provoking you .
doing things to intentionally make you upset and you hurt them but not severely you can sometimes get no assault or get a non criminal charge .
i 'd give someone a mirror of lifetrapping so that when it happens they can put his ass in timeout .
jenelle is not anatomically the same as chelsea ... or anyone else for that matter .
please censor all information that can be used to identify a person .
this includes but is not limited to first and last names usernames including your own profile pictures where a person 's face is visible subreddit group and online community names titles of specific posts and other information like locations city state etc .
this is to prevent brigading and harassment so we take this rule very seriously .
do not mention what other subreddits it could be posted in no one cares .
posts that include someone pinging the name of this sub will be removed .
if your post starts with to be fair you have to have a very high iq to understand ... '' it 's a copypasta https redd.it/6qhyr3 which is against the rules .
below automod will tell you to send a modmail .
do not send a modmail we will make fun of you
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iamverysmart if you have any questions or concerns .
why y'all downvoting me i 'm a chronically ill person who had one fuckup and now am without insurance and healthcare 😂
nazis are shitheads and fuck people who report people who say nazis are shitheads
oh my bad they have the same effect on society..
these dlc packs fucking suck in terms of moves .
i was hoping with them removing the new moves pack this we 'd get a ton of new moves with the 28~~27 new characters but the moves are either moves already in the game or reanimated versions of moves already in the game .
if you 're bad it 's ok cus it 's funny .
if you 're average it 's look at me louie
if you 're great it 's ok cus it 's a good show
someone has been using stinky language and u/jazmaj decided to check u/jazmaj 's bad word usage .
i have gone back 999 comments and reviewed their potty language usage .
i am a bot that performs automatic profanity reports .
https www.buymeacoffee.com/aidgigi we also have a new discord server https discord.gg/7rhfbn4zmx come hang out !
i mean they would be out the cost of materials and their time regardless of how well they were doing which in general is a shitty thing to do to someone especially when they are a tradesman doing work for you .
that makes sense in the video someone else posted you can tell he has a very good sense of rhythm .
which i guess makes sense since yoyo is all about timing .
bro you 're not listening women 's bodies are changed forever after pregnancy .
god i wish it were only a 6 month inconvenience !
no one not one single person should be forced to continue a pregnancy against their will .
then do n't order takeout or go dining at all .
you do n't need it and it supports practices you are disagree with .
if you dine and do n't tip the boss makes the same amount but the worker gets fucked .
rationalize it all you want but that makes you an asshole .
those are just people too embarrassed to say they are republicans but then vote republican every time .
but at the end of the day they are all maga republican religious fundamentalists or their supporters .
if it 's not somewhere you want to be anyway definitely worth finding a different job !
if the store is rec only you 'll have to pay the taxes .
sometimes dispensaries have discounts to counteract these but it 's usually never enough for taxes .
i personally shop at rise naperville and get 15 extra off on monday/tuesday plus the no rec tax .
edit obviously here the discounts tax add up to less than the no tax store .
edit 2 tax on flower is also a lot less than concentrates so easier to combat .
the net effect is that for outstanding/extremely impressive service you usually leave a few euros as a personal thanks i.e .
tip is reserved for extremely good service instead of being merely perfunctory
it 's a relief seeing these young players who chase nearly every tough ball .
carlos will have an insane highlight reel before he 's 21 if he keeps this up .
what makes you think he 's not looking at you ?
this is just a reminder to keep in mind that the focus of the sub is using the reddit chat feature to find writing partners .
comments are locked since reddit chat https www.reddit.com/chat should be used to contact op hover or click op 's name to see the start chat '' button .
it 's recommended that you read the pinned post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtychatpals/comments/t7my7v/meta_spam_rules_updates_again stay safe !
dms are related to using reddit chat pms are not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtychatpals if you have any questions or concerns .
remember all those non mask ... non vaccine people working in the medical field ?
i 'm a falcons fan homie you do n't have to convince me
it should n't be difficult if it 's so bad that they need to be fired .
i think it 's one of the ad reads in the pet stories episode
ich bin kein jurist und gebe nur wieder was mir in der ausbildung so eindeutig gesagt wurde .
darüber hinaus kann ich mich über das thema nicht streiten .
look for specialty workshops in the phonebook or online .
there are also state programs you can sign up to that will give grant money to train you to get a job .
there are also training classes at community colleges that can be free if you ca n't afford it .
most of the trades are eager to hire people willing to learn .
there is not enough people to fill the jobs .
mike rowe has a special scholarship program to help people like you get jobs in fields that people need employees .
time to not announce anything in regards to splinter cell again as in tradition at this point .
they will reveal sam fisher for their p2e nft game of course
it 's way more cost effective to just get a bumper sticker that says i play the skin flute
would you say that there is a difference between the dogma and the way that the dogma is applied ?
i 'm just looking for a good time einstein .
they may be conservative activists but overruling rvw is precisely following the law of the country .
as snoop would say hell no f*ck them h*es 😂
party member tried to infiltrate the ritual but got stuck on robe laundry duty
attack replays can not occur during the damage step which includes before damage calculation .
the direct attack will continue but zoodiac boarbow '' will lose the effect granting it atk points so it will only deal 400 damage unless something else is also boosting his atk .
i 'll put you over my knee and spank that arse !
i like a woman who can put me there .
does my 4 hard inches count as a cock like a man or a clit like a bitch
i dont see where that came up in the original post ?
i 've been on this pill for 7 years and this is like the second time the first one was after a covid vaccine
not appropriate for this sub because that 's actually kind of brilliant !
bit concerned about shaw 's ability to stay injury free and would n't mind seeing 3 players for that position .
dalot or even awb ca n't fill in for left back .
i started going to therapy because of the frequency i was getting it .
my therapist told me that they are panic attacks .
symptoms include upset stomach tingles hyperventilating headaches feelings of dread/dying etc .
they tend to go away pretty quickly less than an hour however i had one that lasted like 2 hours long .
if you can distract yourself for this long you 'll be golden .
showers are awesome and youtube and a soft blanket is helpful .
if you 're in public taking a walk outside or going to the restroom and splashing cold water on your face are good too .
keeping this in mind helped me with the uncomfortable experience .
so do n't bother deep breathing or counting backwards from 100 or whatever anxiety technique there is out there .
just hunker down best you can and wait it out .
getting used to them is what helped me eventually stop getting them .
the first few times you get them you pray to god that they will end .
this causes you to worry about getting another one which will probably trigger a panic attack .
however the more panic attacks you get the more you get used to them .
eventually your body decides to stop with the adrenaline rushes and they go away because you no longer fear them .
if you see kids on them just note the 4 letter code on the back of the thing essentially like a registration plate and can report that to voi that an underage user was on them .
their support is pretty good for that stuff when people are misusing them and giving them a bad name as it 's in their interest to keep it safe !
this is a reminder for people not to post political posts as mentioned in stickied post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rareinsults if you have any questions or concerns .
this guy sure would love to have your cock bounce on my stomach what a beautiful view 😍
as the hiker in canalave library explains arceus is the physical manifestation of the original one that which is found in all living beings infinity energy .
xerneas ' life aura fairy aura is the same thing as infinity energy which is what hooh also used to revive the 3 pokémon in the tower but to a smaller degree .
the original one created life but xerneas has authority over it .
when the dust settles we 'll might have raphinha sterling neymar de ligt and most likely ake but possibly kounde/skriniar/koulibaly magnificent window statement window even .
if this falls through we 'll still have to figure how are we gon na extend our very own marcos alonso
post removed for breaching rule 3 rule 3 off-topic quick questions
do ask this in the daily thread or our casual sister sub r/malaysians !
and proud of our government for standing tall or tallish time will tell how steep the price was with sweden .
people are going to set up fireworks regardless of bans .
regulating it is a much better solution than expecting complete abstinence .
is that why it won the academy award for best screenplay .
make sure to check out these great of subs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/naughtychicks if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sure i could if i had the space and lived somewhere that was possible .
i 've considered saving up money to rent a space to start a little business out of but i just do n't have much of an entrepreneurial spirit .
i have been taking classes to work on those skills though
i 'm so happy you enjoyed our performance it was such a fun script to work with 😄
pedantically i think his statements are technically hearsay because if offered at trial as evidence of his guilt they are out of court statements offered for the truth of the matter asserted .
but you are correct there is an exception from the rule against hearsay for statements of the party opponent .
so in a criminal case against trump his statements would be admissible .
his conduct e.g. reaching for the driver general state of agitation is not hearsay because it 's not a statement .
someone who has a better knowledge of the federal rules feel free to correct me .
i 'm somewhat new to the sbq event as i 've only ever dropped maybe 2 nukes last time was over a year ago but i do go down and fight her .
i 've never really noticed getting the repair kits and flux seems hit or miss .
do you have to be the one dropping the nuke for those drops to generally be given or is it high probably for anyone that participated in killing her ?
edit i participated in a killing a little bit ago and did not get flux or repair kits .
i would have to experiment with colouring but off the top of my head i do n't think it would work due to the flowers on the chest piece being tied to the colour palette however i can certainly try .
you said 100 miles which made me think white rim .
subarus are good driving the easiest trail in the park .
saying all people of color will vote one way is kinda racist .
your thoughts are part of why america is going the way it is .
a silly bratty prince/princess that will never be a queen
hmm not sure what 's up with their site .
that must have been a lot of meth usually meth does not make people act like possessed by a demon .
what do you mean to say when you tell us that it is similarly worded to another post as you did ?
but i know very few atheists who post crosses on their insta .
but i 'd want to make a post about me such as my body measurements because i am modeling most of my items it 's easier for buyers understand the fit also my ship schedule because i working on another job you know some buyers do think all the depop sellers ship everyday😂
the current debate is between people who think it is acceptable to direct the violence of the state against pregnant women and doctors and people who do not .
that is quite simply what this boils down to .
it took all of quarantine do n't worry ! ! !
i 'd say you 're better off without the guys that unfollowed you
i get it you do n't get along with them but op let your husband enjoy his family .
you get to see your family 8 times a month and he only sees his once a month ... does that really sound fair to you ?
plan alternative activities during the trips so you can have kid friendly options maybe even sil would like this too since she has kids and understands the hurdle
also you really ca n't take your kids to one or two fancy dinners ?
or are you just too lazy to mind them during dinner ?
they need to learn how to act in public eventually .
if they get rowdy excuse yourself with them/leave early .
you really are n't trying to compromise at all and your poor husband is isolated missing his family and growing resentful to yours
it is n't illegal to get one yet give it a few months but there are laws criminalizing any assistance related to getting an abortion even if they go to another state .
if say a family member drove you to an out of state clinic this data could be used as evidence to prosecute them .
i 'm curious how they pull this off without destroying their entire industry .
we would quickly find out what a run on brokerages looks like as everyone gets informed that their brokerage who they pay money to for services does n't actually perform the services they sell and market .
and i 'm willing to bet the people getting fucked are n't just the poors but people with millions in assets as well as politicians .
then you get into the mountain of lawsuits targeting mutual fund companies etfs 401k/retirement plan sponsors the brokerages themselves etc covering everything from fiduciary responsibilities to fraud to false advertising/consumer protection .
by the time you are done the brokerage/financial industry as we know it does not exist .
even if they survived due to regulatory capture and political bailout there would n't be a person with two brain cells to rub together who would trust today 's financial firms .
the only way they survive is to get a big enough bailout to buy all the shares back legitimately .
anything less means that aunt edna suddenly gets informed that she does n't actually own any of her perceived retirement fund gains because of her broker 's terms and conditions with panic withdrawls ensuing .
yeah that 's why it 's always best to use a calculator in my opinion
i guess i 'm the only one who agrees with you .
he needs to a step back and see that it 's really only about homelander and his wife not all supes .
i had them in my phone notes but now i ca n't find them i 'll remeasure tomorrow .
in the meantime i 'll give the tighter options a go on the band .
i 'm autistic so to me it probably feels tighter than other people would find it from a sensory perspective which i think makes it harder .
the jackalope 1st gen collar had me so mad the mens colorway was such a bitchin combo !
the only color way they absolutely nailed was the 1st gen endorphin color way there has never been one better before or after and if was entirely because the colorway was basically the same for both genders .
i have n't played it yet but from what i 've seen it is disappointing with the main story playtime i think they meant for more side quest to be completed before the end of the game with the levelling and the inhibitors but it still is a really good game despite all its flaws
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenbeauties if you have any questions or concerns .
actually linking to it seems to be a bannable offense..
thank you for your submission on r/nft join us on discord https discord.gg/yc6e4phwsa for live discussion on everything nfts and to share buy/sell your nfts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nft if you have any questions or concerns .
there are many things that people who are in my subsection of christianity believe that i do not agree with as a biblical position
ok i was assuming you paid for most of the 2m with rsus .
its more just my hangup with leaving dairy out overnight than anything ...
i know its safe it just feels unnatural when we 're taught how quickly it can spoil i 've also never done it with the proper equipment ... once i used an instant pot on the warm '' setting ours does n't have a yogurt button and i think that time the temp went much higher than it was supposed to and the other time was on an electric griddle thing sitting on a folded up towel do n't remember where i found those instructions so i 've always been nervous to try it even though i 'm pretty sure it turned out just fine both times .
questions about whether something from a work of fiction is realistically possible are off-topic here .
from a watsonian perspective anything that happens in a story must be realistic since it really happened in the world of the story .
you might be better off trying our friends at r/asksciencediscussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asksciencefiction if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah but he should still have significantly less mutations than a regular surface dweller which could be why it 's taking a while for his intelligence to degrade .
especially if u want to correct for oversteer and ca n't turn the wheel back again cuz it moves so slow so you just go off
tell me why i should vote for fetterman without the tribalism/name calling .
i 'm not a republican just curious how someone who was n't already predisposed to vote democrat would be swayed by this rhetoric .
se tua intenção for ficar com um blue pill sim se ele for um purple ele vai ver mas vai precisar de mais do que ignora-lo para funcionar o truque .
homens de red pra cima não se encantam muito com truques simples de atração .
hancock i am going to put this guys head up your ass
the ikea one is the most terrifying to me because i 'd never been to one and the logs suggest that some people may be from different dimensions so you never know if the foundation already found it in yours
i 've only been in the pit a few times mostly many years ago but most recently at dicks which is only sort of a pit when you 're up there as it 's so wide .
i was maybe 4 rows back and had all kinds of space for the first set ... it was very comfortable and everyone had room to dance .
during set break it was like someone poured people into the area and it became extremely tight .
never got any sort of violent but i still retreated back to a more comfortable spot .
better conversations more comfortable and in most venues anymore the sound is good everywhere .
if you can provide the serial we can look into it .
ward is my favorite of his work so i really hope you enjoy it !
or the coffee absolutely everywhere or the sugar in every cereal xd
i do n't fight because of injuries throughout competition .
but the bar is so low that you just need to fill out an application and pass a basic physical .
there are resources online that can show you how low that bar is ... .
my mom is from the philippines and our culture uses our hands to eat .
it 's how i grew up here in america .
i do n't think a stagnating population negative population growth is necessarily 'heading towards extinction ' .
any more than a bear market is 'heading towards total economic collapse '
hey that 's cool and all but check out this sick drawing
thank you for your submission on r/nft join us on discord https discord.gg/yc6e4phwsa for live discussion on everything nfts and to share buy/sell your nfts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nft if you have any questions or concerns .
the point is that if carrot joins it might single handedly ruin the story .
mia malkova both masturbate no limits reverse cowgirl cum on her face in a hotel room round 2 ice tease deepthroat swallow
sasha grey tease with ice ball worship doggystyle cum on her body in the classroom filmed by vixen .
margot robbie striptease own choice deepthroat full nelson cum on her face own choice at home own choice filmed by vixen .
mia khalifa make out deepthroat own choice reverse cowgirl cum on her face in a cabin choose 1 celeb scarlett johansson
pokimane striptease deepthroat legs behind the head creampie in a hotelroom add 1 pornstar autumn falls
ana de armas lick all over eye contact bj own choice missionary creampie in a cabin round 2 both masturbate deepthroat swallow
after some research it appears that yelan a4 talent and mona q is also generic damage bonus as well so it 's not different multiplier like the wording on yelan a4 .
still going by the damage formula 50 phys bonus still beat 25 phys bonus 18 atk by a big margin unless you have god tier artifact substats
it is the left that have been pushing for 4 day weeks for many years.it is the capitalist bosses who have been fighting it .
the left has been pushing for the government to mandate a 4 day work .
that is very far removed from a couple of companies using a 4 day work week to attract talent .
this is how the system is supposed to work .
businesses compete for talent and workers select the business with the most attractive package .
its almost like saying capitalism was the reason for a 40 hour week all those years ago
working hours have been on the decline https ourworldindata.org/uploads/2013/03/working-hours-since-1870-y-axis-as-zero.png for over a century .
as demand for labour climbed so too did the compensation and incentives required to hire workers .
the 40 hour work weeks the unions claim as their victory '' was in reality already the norm by the time it was made law in 1946 .
if more companies adopt the 4 day work week to attract talent it too may become the new norm .
then 100 years from now union will falsely claim credit for 4 day work week too .
absolute best part of the tell all was the girls roasting rawdog .
can the second part just be an extension of that ! ? ?
we need to see the moms and guys reactions while backstage too .
it looks like you 've posted a premise or a question .
for future reference showerthoughts are almost exclusively conclusions and should not be what if ? ''
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're playing with strangers it can be nice to meet at a neutral place instead of inviting them to your or going to their home .
lizards are n't really my thing but this looks more like a knight anole to me than a basilisk .
i do n't mean to sound stupid but what is a door card ?
i fear it may be lost in translation between countries
when you play a saxophone you 're constantly tounging and blowing wood .
he also refused to recruit at a level needed to win big games at nd .
he lost about half the games he played against ranked teams .
over half his loses started by being dowm 14 in the 1st quarter .
he did alot for the program but also wasnt doing enough anymore .
the top memers will go into the hall of fame each month earn subreddit flairs and maybe some other secret prizes .
join us on the anime memes discord https discord.com/invite/axisorder .
my grandma taught me around that age she taught me with plastic canvas and yarn .
if you are a soma member there is a discount !
so ... la banned gas stoves for residential and commercial .
hows the la power grid going to support that many electric stoves and electric cars again ?
did n't nupur sharma say this about prophet mohammed because the other panelists were cracking shivling jokes ?
thats not true at all there as literally only been like one or two like this and it 's real and it happened that true crime and sometimes it 's dark
take note of the cars that cut you off .
you 'll quite often find that you end up passing them after they 've jumped to another lane anyway .
barely pinching the paper is a little helpful there 's very little info how much it should be pinching i 'll try again and see if i can get it to level properly again going for just the slightest bit of friction in all 4 corners .
my bed was a little wobbly before but now it is n't wobbly but i 'm noticing a couple spots where the smoothness seems to change slightly but i can get rid of that and the wobbliness at the same time .
i 'm using the stock springs i moved the limit switch all the way down and tightened them fully but when i moved the bed to the back the tape thing on the bottom which i 'm assuming includes the temperature sensor and stuff was rubbing on the housing for the motor .
so i loosened them to the point i was getting just barely getting no rubbing did one extra turn to loosen than had to raise the limit switch slightly .
bethesda is also growing and i expect their release cycles to go back more towards the industry norm now esp after the ms acquisition .
do n't we all remember that newer bethesda office opened thag was focusing on game engine design ?
not to mention fallout 3 and fnv are kinda special .
new vegas only has a such a short dev cycle because they reused the fo3 engine heavily .
and fallout 3 happens a decade after fallout 2 was released and then bethesda buys the full rights to fallout after fo3 is released .
i 'm saying that people grew up with the experience of living with someone who struggles with mental illness and possibly abuse due to mental illness .
their lived experience could be why millenials are the most vocal about mental health support/treatment .
for one mental health issues are seperate to abuse .
there are many abusers who are not mentally ill and many mentally ill who are not abusive .
you keep mentioning in the same breath as if one begets the other .
if you struggle with reading comprehension then that 's okay !
i 'll try to explain myself so you can understand .
the comment was written with mental illness and abuse clearly listed .
if i meant it as one i would have listed it as only abuse .
i would even argue that nearly all abuse displayed is due to some sort of mental illness/instability/imbalancement .
please give me examples of someone who is an abuser or type of abuse from someone that is n't mentally ill .
also not all mental illness leads dirently to abuse .
i 'm not claiming that everyone who struggles with mental illness is an abuser at all .
the reason it 's in the same breath '' is because that 's how sentences work .
'' they 've seen aunts/uncles grandparents family friends their friends parents etc .
they may have also seen aunts/uncles grandparents family friends their friends parents etc .
live with and experience abuse due to mental illness ''
usually our memories unfortunately stick to the negative parts so people are able to remember it to continue to learn from so we can avoid it and learn from it in the future .
someone advising someone else due to their own experience could be extrememly helpful .
this is why so many ask for help anonymously online .
no one is immune to severe mental health issues and if no child is to subject to it then no child should be born .
hell many people develop severe mental health issues from birth .
i see that you 're trying to poke holes in my comment and that 's fine even if it is a bit disingenuous .
my comment is relating to the op which is a person with a partner living with severe mental health issues .
this situation is revolved around pregnancy and having a child .
these two people know damn well a child does n't belong in this environment .
i struggle with fertility myself i understand how devastating it can be .
i 'm simply saying that if someone knows that they struggle with severe mental illness hell even if they carry genes that will severely impact/disable their child then they should opt out .
the reason why our mental health collectively is so bad is because the amount of isolation that is experienced in our society and this just serves to increase it .
these are just hard truths/facts that from other perspectives that makes you feel uncomfortable to think about .
we should not discriminate against anyone struggling with mental illness yet many on here would grab pitch forks and torches if someone said they were a pedophile because they do n't believe a pedophilia is a mental illness .
anyway do you think an admitted pedophile should be a parent and bring a child into this world ?
instead children should receive a good amount of support from multiple sources family school medical etc .
yes all of this is true and wonderful and i fully support it .
but i can promise you literally every child that is not born to a severly mentally ill person would not give a fuck and not be harmed in any way .
one that is born to a severly mentally ill person especially if untreated would be impacted by it ...
the company that is currently distributing the most gear/clothing to us special forces .
furthermore they have a velocity systems license first spear opscore team wendy s s precision and some more .
all of thoose are the top big players when it comes to the beat gear currently used .
the problem with breakpoints equipment isnt that its all airsoft shit but that the typical combat load of your ingame characters looks like 3 ar mags and literally nothing else on their kit .
get rid of that shitty ass war belt that was the shit in 2012 and give us modern stuff .
rangers are literally issued ronin tactics 2 layer belts so youll find enough information .
then add radios maybe phones for something like atak its a ghost recon game and your characters have little to no technical equipment on them .
medical kit maybe even incorporate an animation for when you heal up/revive people using it
maybe even include a kit carrying system like tarkov/ground branch where a bigger backpack can carry more stuff but will make you significantly slower .
make it so you have to decide if a chest rigg light and mobile or a body armor fast but ballistic is the better choice .
if its a direct action in and out mission only bring essentials so you stay fast .
if you expect to be out a while bring backpacks .
make it so you have to place your own biwak .
maybe even rework cars so they function as equipment carry so you can keep all the sustainment stuff in the car go do a raid and come back .
ubisoft has all the options but they choose to input the least amount of efford possible .
i 'm a digital artist and i 'd like to help you with your request !
my personal art style is anime/semi realistic but is really flexible i mainly draw ocs and i like to draw anything
it does n't really matter what the ip is they 'll trash any game 's reputation in order to squeeze some whales .
from mephistos last year ... i sat on em for a while
that 's not fair to the band as a whole .
they 're amazing musicians who have dealt with shitty front men and recent death and they 're still kicking out amazing music despite all that .
tillian and jonny are the ones you should be upset with .
every single one is available on black friday week though .
except ones that have run/rerun in the last 3 months before bf not now collab skins and any event reward ones since they were never on the shop .
i wish there was sound i bet you sound cute !
the article is talking about the natural smell of vagina which doesnt stink and you ca n't change it so if your husband doesnt like it and want you to change for him then yeah you should leave ?
like if he understands it can not be changed and he still complains about it you 're not meant to be together jist leave .
it 's abuse if the man makes the woman feels really bad over a thing she can not control and start to force her into using non-medically approved things for her vagina .
it smells like fish if you have an bacterial vaginosis not if you take care of your vagina and using soap inside cause infections because the vagina has a well balanced flora and by using soap you disbalance the bacterias inside which cause a rancid smell caused by the overgrow of bacterias .
so the article doesnt talk about a fishy smell it 's about the natural scent of women idk how to explain it to you .
i just bought her book for my boyfriend 's birthday .
any evidence that this is indeed what the woman is being beaten over ?
kids should n't be able to get plastic surgery either .
the difference between using hormone blockers on kids with early onset puberty and kids with no actual medical issue is that one is actually medically necessary and the other has no medical basis .
there was even a surgeon that admitted the majority of surgeries he does are double mastectomies on under aged girls .
transgenderism is a social contagion not a widespread medical issue .
studies prior to the recent surge indicated that at most 1 in 30,000 would have gender dysphoria though the margin of error was between 30,000 and 110,000 .
the issue is we 're treating them physically which does n't help them mentally .
we should be treating them mentally and help them to understand how to be comfortable in their own body .
is just an indie game with a life goal for 500k a month and somehow it got lucky what do u expect there is no other way beside leave and comeback when it update
i dont support pride month but jesus you are really down the gutter
ohhhh so it 's a political thing i see .
maybe you should quit using reddit as a job '' .
your comic and shirts are your job reddit is just documenting the process .
says last 20 minutes and posts a 3:23 clip ... s
some of the stupidest people are also the smartest people .
my best friend is one of them.. incredibly stupid with alcohol yet incredible smart where he is on the way to the 1 wealth category .
aside from media and governments i have seen little evidence that shows covid exists .
i used to believe in it in 2020 i would 've supported welding people in their rooms at that point .
i 'll even give the benefit of the doubt and say it exists because i know i am one of the few that does n't think it exists i still stand by not having any restrictions and letting people make their own decisions .
maybe this years i 'll get covid ... '' and i 'll be able to say that is different from all the other colds i 've had .
some people 's health is worse because of restrictions .
some people are crushed financially other people 's wealth have grown by good margins even though they have to pay more for everything now .
hope their debt trains do n't get crushed from rising rates which i do n't think will happen but that is a way to bankrupt a lot of people that have dept fuelled assets .
my home state of arkansas would apologize but he 's been robbing us blind just like the rest of you .
and at least you guys in philly are safe from drunk driving vehicular homicide courtesy of alice walton .
i did a double take when i looked at your pictures i was definitely expecting a nerdier aesthetic i say that as someone who was co-president of the harry potter club in high school no shade to nerds but you guys made it look so incredibly cool .
i 'm recovering from covid long hauler and sometimes i have to sleep while my husband 's at work so i was alone .
you know cpap brain you ca n't always think of your own solutions .
one of the few movies worth watching many many times .
yeah allying is n't saying 'you guys are great ' it 's reforming the templars .
it 's a challenge to barris to make the order what it was supposed to be which i also find really appealing .
i think they would have been fine with baker if the price is right .
baker at 25-30m/y absolutely you can build a team around that .
before any children i thought i wanted only girls .
baby 1 was a boy and i loved it so so much and then i could only picture myself as a boy mom
i was a bit bummed if i 'm honest .
i do n't particularly like me and i did n't want a mini me running around .
however she is now 6mo and the way she looks at her dad melts my heart .
and her brother is rough and tumble with her as boys are but also so so sweet teaching her the animals .
and she adores him like he 's super hero .
i have only sisters and my husband only brothers .
it 's gutting realising it 's unlikely your g gon na get the two tornadoes but you will get a different set of moments that are just as wonderful and completely unexpected
i was stalling to watch it because of depression and now jurassic park are displaying on imax .
luckily next week tuesday and wednesday one last viewing on imax for top gun so already booked it .
my mom would save everything from the school year for each kid in their own box .
then during the summer it would be a rainy day project to sort through each box parent and child together about what to keep and what to toss .
maybe you could agree that asking someone their position is good before judging them unfit for their position ?
hey now even dirty dancing is n't that unrealistic .
baby 's father does n't give robbie a check he gives him a recommendation letter .
sorry i love that movie and have seen it more times than i care to admit
i have no idea what the actual cause is but it 's definitely strange .
i do n't drink a lot because i get nauseous from alcohol quickly like 3-4 beers but at sea level i can drink as many beers as i want and do n't really feel sick or get drunk .
it 's the liquor that sneaks up on me .
it only lasts for 1-2 days after coming down from altitude and then you 'll get drunk like normal .
my guess is that it has something to do with blood oxygen levels .
at altitude your body adjusts to air with less oxygen so when you go down to sea level your body is probably absorbing more than normal for awhile before it readjusts .
sorry war mir nicht bewusst dass das so ein ausschlaggebender punkt ist .
where can i get the stranger things dlc including the characters on ps5 in uk
so how is the address of your nft marketplace account used ?
then you can store them in your wallet for safekeeping ?
was wondering if you meant butt stuff glad the other comments clarified this
he helped me deal with a no seatbelt violation struck an order for arrest and went to rescheduled court for me and all for less than what the traffic ticket cost .
dude i was feeling a okay after covid and then suddenly around day 8 i got the notorious sore throat .
oh i forgot to tell you i 'd hit bottom with every stroke
update i promised one so here it is i decided to buy the bag and before it arrived i got an email saying that if the strap shown was missing let them know .
other than a few white pet hairs not a deal breaker and because i vinegar wipe down or wash anything used i felt it actually was better than good .
i saw no wear clean fabric interior no scratches in the leather etc .
thanks to all who added input i appreciate you .
you can relocate or kill depending on how closely you want to watch your tomatoes for more of them
she sold my in-laws house and helped them buy property to build on .
she sold and bought all of my brothers and sisters in law all of their houses too .
she sends us gifts and gift cards after we close on properties lol .
do you tip your union plumber after he charges you 140 an hour to fix your sink too ?
i have had so many of these types of dreams waking up within dreams i had to look to see if others had them .
none of mine have been terrifying like yours thankfully .
my record is 10 10 being where i finally woke up ... by 5-6 i was crying in my dreams because i knew it was n't right and i was still dreaming ...
when i woke i was very skeptical of everything for a good 30min .
i know this post is old but thank you for posting ... not feeling as crazy
interesting like you mean moving and exercising is bad for longevity ?
but it was n't even him saying it it was his guest who actually studies the microbiome
i do n't trust anyone who affiliates themselves with a political side period .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions seeking a correct or definite answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 5 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_5 rhetorical and loaded questions in which you are asserting an opinion bias or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion are not allowed on askreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't either but reddit was n't around when i was 17 so it makes it easy for me to say that
if new shit keeps coming out he may never play again .
just tank the season draft bryce young and find a way to get out of that albatross contract .
well then out of respect for darren i might at least stand up but probably only pretend to clap
it 's been a while since i 've seen the chart this long on consolidation
living mundane lives in rural america just about sums up why they 're angry .
their political power is waning this has been felt most sympathetically with the economic destruction of towns i 'm a trucker that blight is fucking horrific and is amplified by the media they consume they feel the liberal media '' as triumphalist victory laps in the culture wars .
we take certain aspects of the social contract for granted ta-nahesi coates and web dubois commented on what i think is an ugly promontory of that contract even if you 're poor and white you 're still higher in the hierarchy than those people .
they feel like they 're being left holding the bag and hurting those people is the most instinctual way to fix this their position relative to the lodestar will be restored .
avp galaxy reported its going to be a paid expansion .
you dont even know if they are succesful now .
eminem and dj vlad called themselves guests in hiphop so who are you tp tell them differently ?
the whole thing did n't look very deep to me .
this smart analysis also does n't make it deep .
i 'm well aware straight people do n't need a pride flag because pride is n't about them .
the reason pride exists is to show the world that lgbt people exist in a world full of hate
i have their three sizes of accessory bags and love them .
i did n't know what to use them for at first but now that i have found a use for each they 're perfect .
bought that taco bag on a whim but still not sure what i 'll use it for yet .
on the weschler adult intelligence scale i have always been extremely low 70s .
raven mensa and several others i have been in the mid 180s .
i have never been a huge fan of the concept of iq as it implies that there is some semblance of standardization of cognition which is about as viable a theory as there being a such thing as normal a societal myth .
if you have to buy loyalty then they are n't loyal to you they 're loyal to whoever pays the most
always wanted to try this one and i had thought i just imagined it existed .
i 've been told it feels like the missing link between fable and gothic .
tbh maastricht is my favourite city in nl and that 's why i put the picture in the first place 🥰
first seen here https redd.it/a2i6da on 2018-12-02 98.44 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' v9fns9 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=v9fns9 samesub=true filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
scope this sub meme filter false target 92 check title false max age 0 searched images 339,869,762 search time 8.58883s
nah chief keef definitely made it cool for this generation to be shooters ...
also most incels do n't act cartoonishly evil like you probably assume how incels act .
and you astutely dodged serving in the glorious anti-nazi special military operation with the country you 'love ' .
your post has been removed because your account is new and unverified .
r/labiagw requires user to have an account at least x days old with some accumulated karma .
please wait a few days and try again or see pinned post https redd.it/fac5a8 and dm mods to get verified https imgur.com/a/1wpns9r so that you can be approved for posting without this limitation .
the moderators are here to help should you need any .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/labiagw if you have any questions or concerns .
man/woman/enby/two spirit/otherkin/agender and probably many more i do n't know right away
you do n't know how many games are ruined by taa alone
halo infinite at native pure 4k looks very gorgeous at times .
at native 1080p/1440p however ... you can fool some people into thinking its a ps3-xbox 360 era game
i 'd rather he not come back at all and rehash z villains so this is passable i guess
to hold those hips close whispering lust into the night .
this is not how it works anymore boomer you will use a game engine you will use store assets and you will barely write any code .
let me tell you about the precise moment i lost all hope .
during a 2016 presidential debate trump was asked to say that he would concede if he lost the election .
two more times poor chris wallace asked trump to not force him to choose between what remained of his democratic principles and his support of the gop .
i was watching on a network with one of those instant audience feedback graphs .
yeah german tanks have a lot of potential but this balance system makes them useless .
plus gaijin keeps adding small tanks with heatfs or nuke lobbers that jagdtiger was never meant to fight .
and to top it all off reward multiplier is fucked up .
few days ago they increased repair cost of many tanks including jagdtiger and you cant progress normally without premium .
i barely make any money after paying 10k for repair .
was denied may 8th for making too much submitted appeal 5/18 .
us enemy stops us-backed country from genociding their own population more on page 5
28 worked as a dog kennel assistant when 18 for about a year a store in a mall when 22/23 for about a year and then a vet tech between 23-26 years old .
now i 've been at sherwin since february 2020 .
no it was three dogs but the poster has no clue what breed they are .
market is crazy and there is a real lack of decent strikers so they 're pricey as fuck .
his own teammate swore right next to his child during post game press conference
if it does make it worse go here for help https robertsspaceindustries.com/spectrum/community/sc/lobby/7
it 's not about the speed of the game it 's about the game that does n't pause for these offers like it auto-pause for other events
closed minded californian wokeism is the root of progressive madness .
okay since everyone is sooo shy request seven nation army the white stripes
holy shit man devisisters please make so designers more ... ... ... idk how to say it without sounding homophobic but you know what i mean
as a woman i find it a bit sexist and ignorant that you dismiss the fact that the vast majority of us experience these things .
you could be right it would make sense if that was the case
the roman emperors in the east were claiming religious authority over the church well before the holy roman empire existed .
sounds like he 's using his mental health as a crutch for being a dick face .
also i think poland used to be considered eastern europe ... so not the rich western europe that 's more akin to the usa .
the left will just mow down white children in vehicles when blm says go '' .
your submission has been automatically removed due to your account not meeting the subreddit requirement of having more than 10 comment karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/robloxhackers if you have any questions or concerns .
that limitation alone is enough for me to have really held off on compose so far
so some alternatives to url encoding would make compose much more attractive imho .
technically compose itself has nothing to do with the uri encoding requirements that 's jetpack navigation-compose specific .
which means you only ever run into it if you 're using navigation-compose which you do if you not only enjoy bleeding edge tech that barely supports basic functionality such as well animations other than a cross-fade but also say that you are confident that you will not need any fragments ever .
compose itself does n't need this uri nonsense it 's just a composeview that renders composables and that 's it .
i did use compose in a project although i find that the always two-way databinding '' is convenient in cases like forms but sometimes not .
and sometimes compose performance requires a bit of tweaking to make it work .
then move on to a cage and work on sissygasms where you cum from just anal .
well you can control spirits without becoming a shade .
it 's only when they overpower you that you become a shade
found 2 in the first week fishing when i was playing with gf .
just so you 're aware i 've had that user tagged as russian bad faith troll for more than five years already .
check his comment history and how he replies to people he 's been at it since at least 2014 when russia initially invaded ukraine and annexed crimea .
yetenekli suikastçi gibi işini halledersen ve cesetleri ortadan kaldırırsan baya uzun iş yaparsın gibime geliyor .
totally the reason i go to this board is the many interesting perspectives .
i would think they are on a par with bcs a little less gory but they are pretty close .
never really thought about that maybe that 's why i feel it quite strongly in my calves
if by boss battles you mean raids there is a surrender option yk .
one of the most common justifications i 've heard is that it helps with stress '' .
i 've never smoked before and never will but i ca n't imagine how that works or if it 's just a bullshit excuse .
es gibt durchaus auch radfahrer planquadrate und eine schule ist defintiv was anderes als ein x beliebiger gehsteig .
this is really sad slightly different as its now 250 rupees to the pound .
i still remember my dad telling me it was around 13. something back in the early 60 's heck when i went back in 90 when i was a kid it was about 36 but since then boy talk about inflation .
quickmatch do n't touch that mode if you do n't want to catch scab and sustain brain damage
it is a bit brutal and explaina in detail about how anatomy of different monsters would be like realistically
harry as starborn has been shown to be highly resistant to outsider psychic attacks in white night and cold days and in peace talks eb and harry talk about how starborn can make contact with the 'minds ' of outsiders without getting their own minds screwed over during the cornerhounds ' attack .
so if not immune then at least highly highly resistant .
also bard is champ that imo u need more time to get used to than other champs .
if u have fun playing him keep playing and eventually u will find urself landing those qs and ults .
a whole ass man who is not able to ever experience pregnancy has something to say about this ? ? ?
we 're literally growing a human in us and our body is going through so many changes !
yeah it 's not claiming 148 as a 1/4 mile et .
also to compare you can get similar performance out of a 2015 fiesta st .
which would 've been somewhere around 22k just shows mow much we have moved forward .
i feel like this last meta has been one of the most diverse and balanced we 've had in a long time .
ss and despia and floo they all just seem fairly well balanced .
i 'm not looking forward to this next format .
but hey since i 'm too poor to play the meta it should n't be too big of an issue !
i would n't personally suggest people work illegally especially if it 's a foreigner .
it can lead to a potential deportation if caught red-handed .
however considering that a huge majority of uzbek nationals work here illegally i do n't think op will have any problems .
it 's a no go even then because i also do n't like the idea that i would kiss the same thing that touched my penis .
it sounds silly but the thought gross me out .
my major is in criminology so it would be a perfect fit for mpo .
is it true that mpo is more of a desk job compared to mp ?
except for your attempt to invade another countries land and subdue their people in 1983 🤡 .
you should be happy it provoked the downfall of the junta
a guy gets hit by truck kun at the age 17 and falls into coma .
17 years later the guy is now 34 he finally wakes up and his nephew visits him in hospital .
he then reveals to his nephew that he got isekaid and was living in a different world during those 17 years and has finally returned now and then proves it by literally using magic in front of him .
the show is about this uncle telling his isekai stories to his nephew by literally projecting his memories to air by magic
in der regel wirst du so niedrig eingestuft wie nur möglich .
ich glaube es gibt auch regeln die festlegen was dir maximal angerechnet werden kann .
we can agree to disagree i do n't think it 's hard to prevent your kid from running around at all .
i want a big dick to cover my lil one in cum😩
if you are posting tracking info do n't include your tracking number as it contains personal information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ups if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd probably cream in my pants if i took yours off and saw this 😍😍😍😍💦💪🏼🔥🔥🔥
do n't know about where you work but at some of my former jobs if you 'd been there less than two years and pulled that you 'd get a p45 and a dismissed '' reference .
just forget about it you arent gon na turn him gay
she must ca n't fight and comes from a whole bloodline of non fighters 😂😂😂😂🤡🤡🤡🤡
just move the appimage to usr/local/bin or another dir alike ... then call it from there
how did you process stop words to compute the grid ?
deswegen meinte ich wenn man nicht eilig umsteigen mus am besten gar nicht .
sorry can reveal his name but we are planning to abduct a teen from this subreddit .
this thought came in our mind 2 months ago and we have been chatting and planning since then .
after spending a lot of time on this subreddit and analysing posts ... we have collected personal information of various members.we have made an elaborate plan to kidnap him/her without getting cauught trust me it took more brainstorming than professor spent to plan money heist regular meetups by teens on this subreddit have intensified our hopes .
the day is not far when one of the active teens of this subreddit will beg for ransom on this subreddit .
if you want to do more than one down the road for the resistance weapons you will be able to skip one of the more grindy steps after you 've done it once already .
they said this would only be available for select titles .
apparently tekken is not a title that will be downloaded separately from premium .
fuck 🤩 would pump thick load of cum in you .
it 's interesting that re creators and sonny boy have identical results .
i do have some love for mine but it 's a slow grower and just does n't do it for me the way some of my other plants do .
i always forget because i live at 200 ft above msl .
that is cute i live at 5000 ft above msl lol
i mean be fair that 's the purpose of most of the post gen 2 rivals and companions plots happen 'around ' them and you get swept up for the ride
8 just made it worse because hop was annoying and hard to take seriously if marnie had been our rival it probably would n't have been so bad
only problem is i do n't know what that feels like ... .
you 're leaving out the third option have the falklands join the uk
still does n't change the fact argentine refuses to respect the islanders wishes and always walks out of talks about the issue .
argentina 's entire claim is a fabrication which is indoctrinated into children from birth hence they believe these strange stories .
they repeat the myth that britain just turned up one day in 1833 to steal ignoring our entire previous history with the falklands which dated from 1592 224 years before argentina even existed .
that was more the work of the movie poltergeist and the real-life killer clown john wayne gacy .
that 's not necessarily true there are plenty of rikishi that are n't gigantic that rely on agility/speed and leverage to beat bigger opponents .
logan is wolverine 😂 do you not know anything about these characters besides deadpool ?
i 've got myself a session with my therapist for this weekend so i 'm sure i 'll figure it out and feel better very very soon !
taking time out and just relaxing did help to a large extent !
keep writing ✍ make is obserd asf with all the inside jokes🤣
did you know tom brady is getting a guaranteed broadcasting contract !
i 'm curious what country bacon egg and cheese '' is normal in i presume it 's a sarnie ?
sorry but we 're currently not allowing anyone with very low karma to participate in this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sportsbetting if you have any questions or concerns .
i consider myself a person with bipolar disorder as i wo n't let the illness define me .
i am proud that i got help and am stable on meds and that i have 6 years of sobriety .
i do n't tell too many people about my diagnosis .
only my medical team family and 1 friend know .
i think everyone has the right to decide how they feel about their diagnosis and decide how they are going to handle it .
漫研サークルで制作している漫画 the manga we are making in the manga club
the former describes the latter with の meaning as you guessed that the manuscript/draft work is for the manga they 're making in the circle and then していた describes the activity that was actually happening in the apartment .
there 's no real way to interpret this as we were working on manga and manuscripts '' as there 's a clear hierarchy here .
yeah just keep it in the forefront of your mind that you have more life experience and do n't use it in a way that puts him at a disadvantage .
i 've got an igloo for sale if you 're interested .
in effetti tra br attentati neri etc gli anni di piombo erano una favola
how do people who have declared bankruptcy so many times still get to run and own businesses ?
like i 'd be unemployable in my field if i 'd been sacked from five places for failing .
not advocating for jail but why will they just give this guy another chance ?
if it comes to it and i sincerely hope it does n't i absolutely would not complain if we had to ground share the coventry arena with birmingham .
champagne for my real friends real pain for my sham friends heard it while i was over at my cousin 's house and never stopped listening since .
billy 's character is one i greatly empathize with and he 's one of my favorite characters in the whole series .
i worked at a daycare in high school and have been around kids with extremely similar backgrounds as billy and his behavior is a direct reaction to his father .
is it the way he should react to being abused ?
but it is literally all he 's known his whole life and kids do n't understand why they 're reacting to things the way they do or even why .
billy 's not beating up people because he wants to he 's doing it because it 's the only way he can get all that pain and anger out .
it 's the only way he feels he has control .
also the only person he 's ever felt really loved him abandoned him .
he 's very aware that nobody actually cares about him so if someone who loves him is n't going to try to help him who is ?
max may care about him and he may be aware of it but shes a child just like him so what can she do ?
billy literally had nobody and the only hope he had of surviving was to emulate his father 's behavior .
it 's all learned behavior and people forget how hard that is to shake .
one of the girls i had at the daycare mirrored billy 's behavior exactly .
her dad was beating the absolute shit out of her mother whenever the kids werent around for years until he finally snapped and started doing it in front of them and went after her younger brother .
she was the sweetest happiest kids i 'd ever met up until that point and then it was like a switch flipped .
there was another girl who went to the daycare that you could consider her steve '' super sweet everyone loved her popular and had tons of friends .
she became the main target for the one from the abusive household .
i remember the first girl hauling off and slapping her for no reason and she said she did n't know why she did it but she was angry all the time and she has everything '' .
anything could set this girl off just like billy and she was a bully just like him .
at one time she had friends but eventually she just had friends '' who did n't want to be a target so they went along with what she said because if they didnt she 'd lay them out and just wail on them until we pulled her off .
she 'd admitted to me more than once she wanted to be just like her dad because she felt like if she was her dad would come back and be nice to their mom .
she knew the way she acted was wrong and she did n't know why she did the things she did .
but we all the adults knew and we did n't blame her for it .
her mom finally got her and her brothers in therapy and they all got better but she still had a lot of issues forming healthy relationships with her peers .
billy grew up in the 70 's and 80 's when psychiatry was frowned upon .
going to therapy meant you were crazy '' and people also looked the other way when people beat their kids or worse they encouraged it .
even parents who spanked their kids and did n't beat them were considered too soft '' on them by some .
sure the 80 's is a nostalgic time for a lot of people myself included but society had a lot of views back then that were absolutely fucked .
it was their business '' what happened at home and they were expected to deal with it at best and at worst neil 's treatment of them was seen as deserved because that meant billy and max needed to be straightened out '' .
i have a couple chronic illnesses and live in a hot place where it 's hard to exercise .
but i just spend a week in the great lakes states and went on nature walks almost every day .
walking around enjoying nature looking at plants not getting heat stroke .
i feel like i understood this whole joyful movement thing for the first time !
anyone notice mods get rid of posts that make conservatives look bad if they get too many up votes .
i need them for uhhhh ... research purposes ... yeah ...
they have to replace the motherboards of all the servers due to overload .
this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed .
this comment is not accusing you of copying anything .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
i love them and i visit them often but they rarely invite me proactively .
sometimes rarely my brother asks me to babysit his older son 4 .
one time he asked me on monday whether i could come to their place to babysit his son for about an hour because his wife was going to meet friends and he was going to come home late he did n't specify for what i assumed it was work but actually it was band practice .
he said i was of course welcome to come early or stay longer '' .
it takes me about 45 minutes from door to door .
i agreed and asked when i could come at the earliest which he was going to talk about with his wife .
a day before he wrote mean message saying that i could come whenever but should be there between 7:30pm and 8pm when he would come home .
he did n't understand and said he assumed i would be happy to be invited '' .
i said i 'd like better boundaries between an invitation and a favor that he asks me .
in the end i did n't go and i guess he asked their flatmate .
to this day he does n't understand what made me upset .
it has a longer history in our childhood but i think even without this background my irritation is understandable .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd like norway to invade and replace the government with something reasonable .
i chose norway because they 're 1 on the democracy index https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index .
the united states to my fury our shame is 26 .
ing sick of the absurdities of american democracy . ''
the senate and the electoral college are disgusting and first-past-the-post voting is stupid .
it bugs me that we do so many stupid things because of tradition and because it benefits the monied .
i do not want to leave california and california 's stayin ' so i am too .
the reality from a psychological perspective is that when ever a larger majority decides it 's entitled without compassion the other groups suffer .
what does it is really a failure at an association point in human interaction .
one respected person having a bad day in a position of leadership and the thought and frustration of others is encouraged .
before we know it we 're hurting people we would have been friends with out of our self perpetuating hostilities of re-victimization of our own emotions .
thank you😘 i 'm trying to go for a walk every day
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/getmoreviewsyt if you have any questions or concerns .
arms are a bit short but cool shit for sure
thought he 'd be yao ming but instead he 's muggsy bogues .
that does n't mean heterophobia does n't exist which is the topic of this chain .
no one is arguing if the op is heterophobia or not in this chain .
people are arguing if it 's a thing '' because that 's the part i commented on .
so in this chain you 're either arguing for/against it being a thing '' or you 're off topic of the chain .
i got ta go b cause if i get caught cheating then i 'm stuck w you !
sao is n't really considered as isekai because of entirely different reason .
i do n't feel like arguing and i have no sources but you 're wrong cause i want you to be wrong . ''
no if you think you are right you 're a lost cost 😡😡
wdym game is balanced i stopped caring along time ago the game was never balance and it will never be pa want fotm to sell costume weight inventory slot and give the fotm class a month and the will nerf it to the ground and will buff another class and repeat
this sub is for professionals marketers working in marketing only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialmedia if you have any questions or concerns .
woow he listens to david bowie and watches ingmar bergman movies .
you are probably one of those i was born in the wrong generation .
my 2 year cincinnati bell intro offer expires in august so ready to have options and potential negotiation leverage .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samespecies if you have any questions or concerns .
you can get the same effect by being a femboy .
sadly the 203 course syllabus is not out for now while professor of 206 posted her syllabus several weeks ago .
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
feel bad for the workers his family exploited to become billionaires
we need to get food growing in massive earth satellites asap to tamper the coming/immediate food crisis
what remains on the phone is the installed app .
if the app supports external storage then some of the app data is moved but not all of it .
if all the data was moved to the card then removing it would cause all sorts of issues .
you would need to either stop using many modern apps as they are really big or you need to get a new phone .
as with any phone you do n't get the advertised storage space for apps and data anyway since the os itself uses a good chunk .
plus you also lose some space due to formatting .
if you 're buying a new phone aim for at least 128 gb in-built storage .
if there 's no microsd card slot go for 256 gb .
so is aqua getting any kind of kickback for this movie ?
cause i feel like this is shaping up to just look like the cinematic rendition of barbie girl '' which i am here for
ya better wash yo ass ... if you must or else you 'll be funky
unfortunately not he kills some mongols the greek gods a bunch of roman and carthaginian troops in the alps and some humans the xiliens brought to earth at the end of the cretaceous period but no nazis
lmao i am gay and i would probably do the exact same thing .
highschool boys like to meme and do stupid shit .
i enjoy carrion but wait a week or so for the summer sale .
if she had beat pena he 'd be singing her praises for keeping that hunger despite her success .
as soon as the shoe is on the other foot he 's happy to shit on people .
if you want to convince yourself that every sponsor of the tour has a squeaky clean ethical history that 's cool .
i mean i was on the netspace when it was 1.14eib so it 's still p high imho
edit had to look at the date of my first plot april 29 2021
i was on 185 but i relapsed 2 days ago
this is your weird sexually obsessed with herself mother trying to be alluring to men .
y'all sound like the type of people that call the cops on black folks for being in your line of sight for too long .
r/onlyfans101 is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans101 if you have any questions or concerns .
chill out first of all take it a step at a time .
get some of the base principles right water consumption timings of eating mixing of certain foods .
then slowly try and explore each of the issues you 're having and what they might be caused by .
it 's got a childish disney touch to it but i can look past that cause this could be the best origin story they 've done since dr .
my boa bit me once years ago accidentally during feeding .
snakes poop about once every two weeks depending on your feeding schedule .
read the ingredients list only one listed is 100 black tea !
uma empresa entrou em contato fui fazendo a entrevista só pra ver no que ia dar me contrataram providenciaram visto '' arrumei um lugar pra morar por 1 mês fiz as malas comprei €2.000 uma passagem e fui .
most adults cuss just some do n't do it in front of their kids .
i 'm planning to raise my son as a sarcastic little boy if people piss him off
algures perdido numa das paragens do carrocel do vigário talvez nottingham forest
they should remain together and one should become a legendary hero for the other .
but and this is important you should get to choose .
okay she 's the faction leader and vlad is her legendary hero .
he 's the faction leader isabella is the legendary hero .
and maybe the game just semi-randomizes which is which when you play a different faction .
actually i think this should be the case for some other factions too .
like i think ariel should be able to be a faction leader with orion as her legendary hero .
or you could still pick the boring meathead elf and get ariel as your lh .
and if you pick the sisters ariel can still be a lh for them too but otherwise it 's perhaps a semi-randomized thing if you pick another faction
well the thing is this the deployers dont need brass in c a b !
oh and me and my buddy are actually starting on the third chapter !
looks like the left ends would wrap around a pole .
regarding your first paragraph the ה was added to hebrew from aramic during herods time second temple moving from 9ld hebrew writing to aramaic based writing .
might be the greatest thing i 've heard in a broadcast .
put kruk in the clubhouse as the skipper next year and let him embody this team and city ! ! !
i know but that 's why i do n't trust them to do anything .
permanent scar and a messed up nose is not enough ?
any genuine refugee stops at the first safe places they arrive with a determination to go home again .
yeah that argument works when there is like ten refugees or something but there are more people in the world than that who get displaced by conflict .
so when turkey has millions of refugees already and you get to the camp and there 's not even a tent available for you and the officials say they have n't got anything for you then the sensible thing to do is sleep outside and starve is n't it ?
the immigration system needs controlled and people need to apply the legal way just like i would if i wanted to move elsewhere .
so when the iranian guard who would n't execute the protesters was given a death sentence instead of fleeing the nation via black market routes they should apply for a uk visa and then go to the airport and then get captured by the iranian police at passport control and then get executed .
£5 million a day to keep these people in accommodation etc .
tell me how many £5 millions a day this government spaffed up the wall on ppe and by committing economic suicide by forcing us out of the single market on a whim .
the problem ai n't the last drop overflowing the cup the problem is that the cup is n't big enough in the first place .
the people eating the scraps are not the reason you 're going hungry .
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
please check the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/wiki/index wiki_resolution.3f_what_is_that_and_how_can_i_find_it.3f for information on how to find the resolution .
make sure you use the letter x not a multiplication symbol in the resolution !
if you are n't you must cite the photographer by name in the title .
you rehosted the image from an original source or approved host
please read the our rules in the sidebar and faq r/earthporn/wiki
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/earthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
that baby is painful i fell asleep watching the episode before with my grandma and when the baby started crying i jolted up from a dead sleep and told her to make it stop xd
a large handful of people get decapitated and the train companies go insane !
46k is certainly not too high for most eso activities and is in fact too low for a great many .
no offense to op or anything it 's actually a great parse for cp250 but for things like vet trials vet hm dlc dungeons achievement runs veteran arenas etc .
point is there is a lot of content that will require higher dps to experience and/or unlock .
it 's plenty for all major main story content that is true but it 's clear that op has their interests set on end game content which does require a bit more .
for business to business transactions it 's still very common .
my wife 's company for example only accepts b2b payments via physical check and they 're a multi-billion dollar organization .
i have gundam nerd friends that will freak out if i print this !
just started building childe recently pulled him during his rerun but i did n't understand how wish work back then
1 how much cr cd should he have or fellow childe mains how much crit are you using and feel comfortable with ?
2 what is the best rotation for childe xiangling sucrose benette ?
i specifically asked about shrinking my vocal tract and she does n't know how to do that .
i have never found anything that explained how to properly apply a raised larynx to speaking i only learned how to raise my larynx .
i guess the exact moment i was hooked was that closing i am iron man '' at the press conference but fury showing up did n't hurt .
everytime someone mentions john playing the songs from the last 2 albums on here it gets downvoted i do n't understand why .
i love john but the fact that he does n't want to play at least one of those songs is ridiculous .
please report any rule-breaking posts and comments that are not relevant to the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hauntedmound if you have any questions or concerns .
please do n't give them any ideas to use this group again
june is mentioned as one of the first names in the red center but it 's never associated with offred directly in the book .
because of this the first adaptation a movie in 1990 made a handmaid called june who was not offred but a different character .
but some fans theorized that june was offred since the name june was never said again beyond the first chapter and was the last name to be said .
atwood says in a note of some future editions that she never intended this but liked the fan theory and has 'welcomed readers calling her june ' and incorporated the fan theory into the show officially .
yo putin can you hurry up your invasion on ukraine just use full force maybe a couple of nukes while you 're at it nuke some more countries .
so the thing is my exams are coming up and i havent studied shit and a world war has a pretty good chance of delaying them so i 'm telling this to you homie to homie so just help out a real one pls
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
yes google has a lot of her pics and they are all disgusting
we did until manchin torpedoed it when it was up for renewal
goku can easily resist his mind control since he has hax resistance
one of few core tyria hero points that i love with passion .
definitely not i lost my period at around bmi 22 ish i think because i was restricting and fasting so it did n't matter that i wasnt underweight at the time
recently heard that my parents who i have not seen since being dfed are telling people they have come to my house and confronted me and i was an angry apostate to them and would n't even listen to what they had to say ... .
never been to my house and the only texts i get are telling me they miss me and to come back lol
so sounds like they are just puffing their chests .
he is going through his first major crisis since the creation of his company .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
there are a bunch of roleplay subreddits people are constantly posting prompts to .
i also love ppp it gives more like a bittersweet feeling when you 've been already very sad .
but a song that i will always have in my heart is space song .
the un confirmed without the evidence you mean ? ...
the evidence that the accusers refuse to let anyone see or analyze until the icc trial that will take years to get around to ? ...
it 's not like the accusers openly call for the extermination of israel and it 's jews or pay government pensions to suicide bombers based on how many jewish civilians they kill .
they clearly have completely pure intentions and no incentive to lie or damage israel 's reputation right ?
vit are overrated as fuck but xl still have clown tier decision making .
in honour of the revolution it 's half off at the gap !
i 've always seen them as overkill compared to scything talons
are there any proposed or passed abortion bans that do n't have exceptions for the health of the mother ?
justice thomas in his concurring opinion said that griswold the right to birth control obergfell same sex marriage and lawrence being lgbt without being punished were wrongly decided and wants the states to challenge them so they can be corrected .
i would n't be surprised if they come after any of these and so much more .
imo the code-synthesis pipeline with llms '' is the breakthrough .
ken has been trying to get open-ended systems to work for a while and this bootstrapping approach not only seems to be working but also seems to be hinting an exciting new recipe .
gpt brought us pretrain a large enough sequence model on sufficient data '' .
elm seems to be suggesting bootstrap a diverse data generator via meaningful mutation with llms '' .
if it scales we 'll be able to just throw more data and compute at exploring complex search spaces for interesting results and actually expect to see endless variation .
evolution for real no plateaus yet much more efficient .
it 's a big if but i think there 's reason to be excited .
i 'm a dolphin but i still do n't refine any 5 star weapons .
giving your supports the 5 star weapons is a better damage increase .
this needs to be the top comment on the thread
cops should be role models in the community most should have degrees and be physically fit .
someone who is like that is going to be able to get a well paying job so if we want them to be attracted to a career in law enforcement it 's going to cost money .
if you pay cops like any idiot can do it then that 's the kind of people you 'll attract .
honestly he just rlly needs more experience with it his ascent chamber was so ass and u can tell he did n't know how to reposition like most pro chambers
i honestly do n't know how you do it .
i 'm struggling to win it with one car haha
but let me guess he was spam jumping and had 10/10 accuracy with the direct hit
so will i. i know it 's wrong but damn if it would n't save me a lot of time money and stress ...
it 'd be an affordable way for thomas to avoid paying alimony s
i love dives and am definitely excited to check out mortimers not super familiar with the area though .
spent most of last year at northeast dives or breweries as far as going out is concerned .
i was doing quite well until i saw the above comment .
agree for the most part but i think he 'll go guns blazing to win it .
do n't want to start the season behind your main rival on silverware .
honestly horny people already have a bad time being horny already lol like creating a jail just let 's them fuck in jail
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/webcomic if you have any questions or concerns .
what goes on in your head when you 're this mentally ...
oh my god seeing this outright blatant hypocrisy regarding bodily autonomy after the scotus decision is literally going to make me go insane .
some of the comments i 've seen today from democrats talking about freedom to choose '' and i get to decide what happens medically to my body '' is literally what we were saying when talking about vaccine mandates .
to be clear both sides are steeped in hypocrisy when it comes to this issue though as the right is obsessed with outright banning abortion .
you 're either for bodily autonomy across the board or against it .
you ca n't be in support of it for one issue but not another .
what terrifies me is that the world depends on them economically .
as soon as the world finds independence from them financially they can continue to self-destructing .
these characters are usually known for a dignified and polished gentle manners as well as being accomplished scholars .
they 're usually mandarin officials of fairly high rank such as generals in the army .
i think it 's the only downside of the draft .
i also think that literally any other downsides are secondary to being paid millions of dollars and being able to retire with complete financial security in your 30 's .
i 'm 33 i will be working for a minimum of 22 more years if things all break right .
and i 'm significantly above the national median in earnings as is my household .
i have to cope with the fact i 'm alive ?
right and that 's up to everyone 's own preference .
hence why i understand the integra 's position in the market .
the civic is also still a pretty nice place to be the interior is nice enough in material and is really well thought out .
i 'm 29 and i do n't find it to be too boy-racer .
when you 're talking about women 's rights make sure to leave yourself out of it otherwise it will come off as and that 's why you should date me d ''
i mean i 'm fine with pushing guns to the states ... i 'd rather get the experiment over with .
and if we want to change the constitution let 's do it .
very very few things if any should be federal ... but these are the rules we are under .
well this conservative former us international might at least play a little better than geoff cameron lol
we 've asked her multiple times not to give sugary snacks candy or chocolate to our two year old but she ignores our instructions and continues to do so .
on a special occasion is ok but we think there is no need for him to have sweets on a daily basis .
we had even discussed it yesterday morning after i made a banana bread for him to snack on made with dates instead of sugar .
they came back from a walk that afternoon and our son had a giant half eaten chocolate chip cookie on his hand and a moth full of chocolate .
dinner was a nightmare because he just wanted to eat cookies
i was pretty upset about it but decided to calm down and talk to her today .
when i did she got super defensive saying that she never gave him any sugar and that the cookie was hers but she just shared a small piece with him .
in isolation this might feel like a small thing but its an example of constantly ignoring our requests that she does n't agree with
do n't like these guys but this is one thing i can agree with them all on today is a blessed day .
i do n't think a protest will do anything anymore .
as much as i love to see the mika kreids bromance the zucc hank bromance will forever be 1 for me .
to try to get over the conditioning from the church i first redefined what tithing meant to be more in line with increase '' as the scriptures say .
tell him to ask her like this divorce me immediately and never let me see this child that is obviously mine because i 'm an idiot and arsehole who does n't deserve or want such a loving wife .
i know i 'll have to pay you lots of my money for the divorce and for the upbringing of my child who will grow up estranged from me . ''
up for sale is this excellent seiko samurai padi edition .
made in japan '' printed on the front dial and back of the case
i am the original owner and will include bracelet sized for a 7 wrist original box price tag padi hangtag papers 4 extra links as well as a blue/red accented barton elite quick release band with two lengths .
this watch wears extremely well due to its short lug to lug has insane lume keeps excellent time and is a perfect summer watch boasting 200m of water resistance .
i accept paypal f f for those with an extensive watchexchange background or paypal g s adding 3 of the watches value the buyer is responsible for .
i actually thought it the other way around sonic the hedgehog 1 i 've mastered to a point where it does n't bother me anymore however sonic 2 especially death egg zone is something i still have n't beaten yet not sure why i 'm so bad at death egg robot even with all the timing i hit him at the right moment and sometimes i just die for no reason .
the final boss in the first game felt like it was my fault i got squished in two it feels cheap .
when you get double orders on iphones a lot of the time you cant .
and the amount of time it takes to call or chat with support you might as well just do it
because news is generally relevant to the happenings of the day .
i do n't disagree that male only drafting and conscription is bullshit i 'm just not aware of any reason it would be more relevant today than on other days .
whereas there is a hugely relevant and newsworthy event that happened today that affects the lives of 300 million people and the bbc seems to be covering it appropriately .
just like saying black lives matter does n't diminish the importance of other lives supporting women and men who are affected by the us supreme court ruling today does not diminish the injustices done to others .
they just are n't the topic of conversation in this moment because of the format of news programs and our tendencies as a species we tend to talk more about the things that are happening now than things that have been ongoing .
maybe i 'm just a non-confrontational coward myself but it comes across to me as one of the least effective forms of ministry .
you 'd probably do a lot more good inviting your neighbor over for dinner than getting into an argument with strangers .
r/onlyfansasstastic is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansasstastic if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't believe in hell but i 'm pretty sure america is .
my sister told me a handful of things about it .
from what i remember they sailed from saigon to singapore .
price of admission to get on the boat was a stick of solid 24k gold per person .
initially they were only going to let women and children on .
my mom slashed her hair short to stay with my dad .
we still have the refugee photos of them with their serial numbers with mom/dad and the siblings .
i remember when i was a kid i asked them why i did n't have a photo 😂
i was a kid i did n't know any better .
i love my friend and i will protect him from danger thank you !
my first thought in that scene watching homelander 's face and the ringing ear sound felt like dread or fear i think he is well aware that soldier boy was considered equal to him in power and might recognize him in some form or way .
sick so the national guard will be regulated and the january 6 folks will have nuclear weapons
that 's a nice cut cock 🤤😏 how big is that .
wan na pick one pic now as a reward or first eliminate one to three non-topless images so you 'll have a higher chance of winning a topless ?
majority of abortions are not healthcare they are oops condom failed i ca n't afford a baby let 's get rid of it ''
one of the stations here played a good mix of oldies and newer stuff and later got reformatted to edm/house music with very little notice .
tbf in monster hunter you 're going to have a hard time and most importantly shitty loot if you only target the feet especially with weapons that allow you to target the whole body with ease like the dual blades insect glaive guns and bows and so on .
plus you can use the environment and in some games various tools to climb and attack the head or the back of the monsters
is everyone ready to see crime rates spike in 15 years within states where abortion is illegal ?
i also highlighted the top trim but ca n't even see it ...
i 'm trying to improve the armor plating rather than just being one solid color i mean i tried adding shade around the edges where it meets the trim i 'd like more contrast just not sure how to accomplish it.. blending or layering ?
what should i study to go in that direction ?
ban appeals go to the entire mod team and we as a team then discuss them .
the mod you 're discussing likely would n't participate in said discussion because like i said they had some stuff come up .
i do n't know where you go not in their right mind from .
a lot of these losers have hijacked protests and made it about their own stupid pet issues and hampered their effectiveness
my mother once made a comment about how i could date prettier and better than my then girlfriend .
some people are very rude and that type of disrespect is not just aimed at your partner but at you at the same time .
i did n't talk to my mother for almost a year after that noise .
i am willing to disconnect from toxic people regardless of how they are related to me .
life is too short to have that kind of negativity around .
i know you ca n't move out atm but let this be the motivator to leave them behind and only let them in when they are ready to respect you .
all the requirements that prevented non-vaccinated people from going to restaurants and other indoor venues in nyc were lifted in march .
solely to court the minority brexiter vote in the north
the best starmer can deliver in his first term is make brexit work '' .
align with eu regs ours are already higher to delete a lot of border red tape and sort out johnson 's mess in northern ireland .
i disconnected the power connector near the rear wheel well in the trunk .
if you do n't use the tuner this is the best way to go to keep it retracted and enjoy your mp3/aux etc without the antenna going up and down .
it 's also given to every csm legion within the codex
yes and dg replace that w contagions of nurgle ts replace that w cabbalistic rituals .
just like grey knights have the tide mechanic instead of doctrines .
that does n't mean it 's a generic legion trait it 's an army-wide mechanic .
used to be that playing dg or black legion was exactly the same .
then dg got their own codex to emphasize their unique traits .
then they even got unique rules for each company .
i do n't really see how identity was stripped here .
faction/army identity is n't just a matter of having extra rules .
it 's also playstyle army composition and even hobby .
you can make a very aggressive dg army or a very defensive one .
you can make one focused on shooting or one focused on melee .
you can pick a company and go deep into what makes them unique like making a wretched army with as many psykers as you can .
you do n't need an extra layer of 1 to psychic tests '' trait to make them unique .
well done did n't even think of using this angle to learn .
you see the chinese parkour height video where he loses his grip ?
it 's just the very top of the building shown not the death at the bottom but that one really stuck with me .
i do n't want to rely on cops when they wo n't protect the people it 's their duty to protect .
i do n't give a fuck which are good and which are bad i do n't want to have to roll the dice on who shows up if i call them .
police do bad things and get protected by their higher ups for it .
if you go and make that kind of remark at least provide some kind of reason for why you feel that way .
you got ta have specialized job skills a shitload of money or family/a spouse already living there to get a chance at residency .
your mafia launcher and every related folder need to be in the same place .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cock if you have any questions or concerns .
thats just how they are sexuality has nothing to do with it
i 've been told by the wife of a couple she does n't want anything to be one routine because the rarity makes the sex more exciting .
tell them you love playing with them and want to keep that dynamic exciting and that that 's just how your brain operates .
you do n't have to be faster than the bear just faster than your summon
show older don ab as the father of srk and him doing his first crime of killing vijay ab for faking his real father 's identity but but but ... ..vijay ab is still alive and hunting for srk ! ! !
keep your fingers crossed supposed to be sunny and warm this saturday .
just a heads up this post has been locked as all posts on r/dirtyr4r are .
this is because personal ads are not discussion topics and r/dirtyr4r is not a discussion forum .
here 's a convenient link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=secretaccountname101 .
if this poster is breaking our rules please use the report button and message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtyr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a palkia vstar if interested in just the card no deck though unfortunately
i just have all the old tech from my great grandparents ' house before they moved into assisted living
it will never happen but i would help defend it .
well the key difference there is that those are both guitar makers whereas renault is a car maker and lmg makes youtube videos
i do n't understand how can yelan actively reduces itto 's damage ?
are you telling me itto zhongli gorou 3 man has higher damage than itto zhongli gorou yelan ?
just because you can not fully utilise her damage that makes her lose dps ?
i use bennett and xiangling in this team just to apply pyro is it still same as lose dps ?
seriously though i merely open up another option for yelan in team build what 's the wrong with it ?
she can support there 's literally a talent for this .
ca n't i use that talent to support one of the hardest elements to support geo ?
honestly i feel like you did n't even read my tldr let alone my video .
i have mentioned yelan can be itto 's best teammate but itto is not yelan 's best teammate .
if you 're not confident just act confident like me lol
i think this is a subtle hint from eithan that he knows what surial 's marble is .
i 'll have to look into it but that sounds cheaper and more practical than expected .
i 've had a lot of fun with elixir of vigor in the past .
you 're minion light so you can try to focus on good minions to recur constantly .
i tend to hold bad minions that i do n't want to cycle .
other option might be meek mastery since you have a handful of neutral minions that can benefit earthen ring questing infested tauren annoying bot
18 virgin got shadow ban can you send me dm ?
hey we are running ⭐ a contest https redd.it/v964l3 ⭐ for you right now !
participation in the honor magic moments contest is open internationally and honor is providing devices and cash prizes for ten winners !
contest ends on july 15th https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/spring ? iso=20220716t00 p0=1440 msg=submissions+for+honor+magic+moments+x+i+took+a+picture+contest font=sanserif csz=1 so go check out the announcement post https redd.it/v964l3 or have a look at the contest entries so far https www.reddit.com/r/itookapicture/search ? sort=new q=flair 3a 22honor+magic+moments+2022 22 t=all include_over_18=on restrict_sr=on .
mad_mango_07 what did you want this photo to be like ?
do n't reply directly to this comment instead make a new comment on your submission here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/itookapicture if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the early extension is coming from being too close to the ball .
if your hands could n't possibly be closer to you than they are at address .
is the luas car priority issue just a signalling thing as in could be changed by software or switches ?
if you defend him too much you start to sound like him .
mma thank god someone said it i have to laugh at some of the shit that is legal in these tournaments
okay thank you i 'm feeling the same about it ? ? ?
maybe it 's because there 's no designated returns area so you just have to do it in front of everyone at the register but i ca n't fathom 😂 so maybe i 'll try marketplace instead
lol reminds me of an animorphs cover of just the slow de-evolution of the gqp
can i be your seat so i can eat your farts ? 😋
in feel like i 'm the best dad on earth .
evidently reddit has no dads hence this post—antiwork etc .
your a life saver i thought my motherboard was the problem !
i could 've sworn when i bought the ram from amazon the timings were 16-18-18-36 ?
i 'm going to contact patriot directly first and then if they confirm the data sheet timings i 'll probably make a complaint to the seller .
i chose this patriot ram over the rgb gskill rgb trident because it was on the qvl plus the timings !
wait a sec dos n't the label say not to hit the eye ?
totally not true my friend hey may be yours does .
this might have been the price 5 years ago today a cheeseburger 11.19 and small fries 4.39 plus tax 17.13 in so cal .
it 's not like they have everyone 's phone numbers maybe he just wanted to reach out .
trish is a jerk but it does n't mean people ca n't be kind to her if they want to .
it would be on every news channel every day if it was white shooters .
pretty much everyone on this sub knows how it works .
she abused me emotionally mentally and physically harmed me several times growing up .
she manipulates everyone in our family all the time and everyone is miserable because of her in one way or another .
she uses our disabled family members the most mostly for money and they 're suffering because of it .
hear me out a justice league with gal jason and henry reprising their roles all others will be played by eddie murphy a la nutty professor .
he says that they never got married because they did n't want any new wives coming in to feel inferior to her .
the only reason he married chrissy was so that she could immigrate from south africa .
i also thought they were married because she changed her last name and they refer to each as husband and wife .
dimitri makes up his own rules and does n't allow society dictate how he lives lol .
he 's a deeply spiritual person so his union with ashley transcends ordinary marriage .
they are soulmates and their ph levels are perfectly aligned .
chrissy is super ungrateful dimitri married her which is a great honor and instead of being thankful and grateful do n't you know she defamed and slandered his name ?
women are so fickle poor dimitri has been through so much .
star trek voyager had fair haven for a season .
american shows have or used to have an irish episode its like a formula they follow .
a few normal episodes add in the christmas one an irish one a clip show of previous episodes where they 've run out of money or a tight budget..
he hates california the most he even said this in an episode where they talked about going to all 50 states
i doubt chris can comprehend shame ... or guilt ... or consent ... or anything .
my husband has been with a ton of women.. threesomes freaky shit you name it .
he said sex with me is amazing because we love each other .
he feels emotionally connected to me and loved and he never felt that with any of the tons of ons he had .
first mate is a term used to refer to the second-in-command i.e .
it takes longer to earn 500 gems than just to wait for another tournament
i 'm finding it very hard i have less than 1000 battles and because of that my teammates are atrocious and then i ca n't deal damage
ynwa you 'll never win anything because leverpeul will win all trophies based on xg .
greatest club in the world for a reason 😎😎 welcome to anfield .
it was planted in s2 should be when jace goes north .
we got shortchanged or at least i felt so with lead up to jon and night king battle .
do n't do audience dirty that has got to be 1
at some point i 'll do a long write-up on my website about all the setup i 've done on my f21 pro i 'll link it here when i have.
holy shit they have more upvotes than the post has
theregister.com 's immediate response let 's draw a conclusion based on this data right now ! ''
i 'm doing this now i told our builders lender i was shopping around and they offered to cover the title fee on top of the builder credits with the lowest possible rate
could n't care less ... dying to get some sort of fucks given out of me ...
if they 're not using decades old data point a finger at them and laugh .
chicago has had its gun laws gutted since 2010 .
brilliant that 's a great paper in a lot of ways .
i 'd heard giles ' name tossed around a bit but somehow did n't put two and two together til now ...
i like their criteria for self-reported grade too highest grade you 've sent three different climbs of in the past six months .
in this broken system every person who refuses note that wording as it applies to the person op complained about but does n't apply to your edge case example to give another person their due is at fault .
this includes the employers the lawmakers and yes most of the customers .
the customers are also victims in this so i agree with you on that point .
i also agree that an updated website of what you can get so i do n't have to message you and bother you about shoes you do n't have .
op molly 's bf died in a car accident .
did n't vought fund both sides of the uniparty ?
i mean i think it 's a left leaning show but not as much as average redditors want it to be
the i5 charges pretty fast even up to 90 but going from 90 or 95 to 100 probably is n't worth the time spent at walmart
super underrated fish they should be more popular in the hobby than they are .
have a feeling loopring is going to pump soon .
do i have any other recourse other than contacting reddit ?
did n't take the time to search the comments .
glad you were there to make sure that the comedy is well policed .
et the right people elected/promoted to the groups decision making body
get the right people appointed to the ones who manage research so they can support and fund research that would support their preconceptions and take it away from the ones who do not .
then claim that oh wow studies just happen to say what you wanted them to say .
i think the decompressed lighthearted storyline is a good choice for nightwing people who are big fans of nightwing want idealism and happy moments typically but i do n't think the writing is eisner material .
it needs to be saying something about society or the human condition that is unique .
i do n't think this book has a unique message .
i 'm on 5601 market bring ya mom so she can eat this dick up after i send some hot shit at u pussc
i ca n't say i respect it but at least they are n't lying
my grandmother and i share this to a certain extent it is strange .
i remember she recognized somebody she had worked with at a cinema for a summer in school .
she never saw her again until perhaps 50 years later .
i did n't realize everyone did not possess this ability until that moment .
it can be quite awkward when you can recall/recognize someone you merely passed by or encountered briefly not even met ages ago !
i think this would weasel the entire bungie office .
it would cause the entire city of bellevue to collapse into itself and we would all have to start over in d1
currently i have 19 seeds showing and downloading at 11mb/s .
i think playing eith a controller stops me from having this aim .
i know aim assist is supposed to help but with deadzones i ca n't be this fast .
i also see i have to work on my build .
my dodge roll takes too long to refresh for me to be this fast as well .
for mail though they come registered have to sign for it at the post office
i was n't worried at all about nukes going off
i tried country line dancing once and now i know i am not a country line dancer .
martha temptation walking spanish and i hope i never fall in love with you
and i would watch it every day just like i did in kindergarten .
i believe him when he says it is far better than the soviet made vehicles .
the ruznazis would drop their load of washing machines if they could steal a bushmaster .
i wish you many lovely years of engaged discussions with your nephew .
if he is n't much of a reader as some have speculated go to the bookstore anyway !
pick a series that you can read together and stay in touch with him about it .
the percy jackson series by rick riordan is a great place to start for a young man his age .
female bag moth probably never actually seen the moth on the outside !
op please make sure there are no spoilers in the title of your post .
commenters please use spoiler code if you are discussing anything super spoilery unless the title specifically says the episode being discussed .
if you see anyone breaking the rules please report the post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/strangerthings if you have any questions or concerns .
i see auburn is sticking with the same game plan of watching floaters dead center of the zone again
first picture well that could just be sur ... following pictures oh ...
i 'd have someone look at it and get a quote before making a decision .
maybe an expert eye getting up under there and looking at it could see a oh it 's not all that bad/hard to fix '' sort of thing or something and be able to do it for less than buying a roller and swapping parts or getting a new one all together .
more than likely though the other options would be cheaper .
so it comes down to how badly you want to hold onto it .
maybe try watercooling the cat to keep your temps down .
i actually find your theory to be a great explanation to the ending of the movie .
ethnically non-monogamous '' is n't a real thing it 's a joke based on wordplay of the actual term ethically non-monogamous '' which is n't what you thought it was nor is it necessarily polyamory like the commenter above you said it is .
ethical non-monogamy is basically just having any sort of agreed-upon system in place where you have romantic or sexual relations with people who are not your partner .
there 's no cheating involved cheating is called cheating because it 's rule-breaking but people in enm relationships have different rules set up than typical monogamous relationships .
if they break those rules they are cheating and it 's not ethical .
many of parvatis moves were good but most of russells moves in the post merge were stupid and totally unnecessary .
blindsiding danielle made zero sense at all for his game .
swearing on coach 's cross necklace that he wanted to go to the end with colby and rupert and then immediately voting them out served absolutely zero purpose at all and just made him look like a horrible person .
and thats just everything off the top of my head but yah there is so much he did because he 's totally insane not because he needed to do them to make it far .
i dont see why sandra needed to make moves to be considered a great player when the fact that she didnt make very many moves is why russell was dumb enough to take her to the end so its actually why she won the game
i was thinking about a warlock for one of my backup class choices so i 'll definitely read into the celestial one !
this is n't a dumb question but that 's a dumb question .
oh i know that i am pretty bummed about it too
but i meant my comment more as a let 's hope the cars they are gon na add wo n't suck '' way
hell even the audi rs e-tron gt would be sick
huh a news site that gives a simple here 's the facts '' overview of events .
if your option is a normal or formula seat and you 'll do more than formala style racing imo you are better off with a normal seat .
that was the first time they 've played it live ?
the online trt clinics are out of my price range for the current time being ... .
meabing i 'm trying to get this stuff covered under my medical insurance .
i did go ahead and fill out new patient paperwork for a different clinic in my area that offers primary care in-house lab amongst other things .
i was told i 'll have to wait for the doctor to review my paperwork to see if i 'll be approved to be seen at this clinic .
if i get approved my primary care doctor will be fired and demoted to secondary care provider which i 'll probably never have to use as the new clinic i applied to has urgent care as well .
i ca n't believe a secondary doctor that reviewed this today said i was at normal levels would not adjust my dose and said i 'll have to wait to see the endocrinologist which has n't even called me back yet off of my referral which they sent to an out of town incorrect provider not once but twice .
if you consider some papers talk about the possibility of lead poisoning being a factor in the downfall of the roman empire
the worst part is quests used to track together in your group but they removed that feature because of some asinine reason .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/allpornnsfw r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/ballsucking r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart r/firstinsertion r/cumvids r/owym older woman younger man
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greatview if you have any questions or concerns .
hence why i said it can '' and not it will '' .
it depends on the type of paint used good rule of thumb is not to clean paint with a potential solvent .
well i would n't try to clean my figures with acetone that 's for sure !
i once took some battle damage '' off my siege figures just by using alcohol+q-tips on the area .
and it took a lot of work to get it off .
so some light wiping around the figure with alcohol pads should be perfectly safe .
i did n't realise until i commented so i editedy comment with height included .
anyone who thinks sexton is not starting needs a drug test .
moving aenys somewhere else would immediately render that irrelevant though .
yes zag dat 't de laatste was die ze hadden dus maar meteen de knoop doorgehakt .
i hope so damn much that rouxls gains an english accent and wears one of those hats idk what they 're called
we all know that most of the dumb fucks that voted to leave done so because they are the type to blame everything on immigrants .
i went and looked because most of the time when you see it it 's dark but no it 's actually black and not just dark green ...
wow that is pathetic honestly almost as pathetic as his gameplay .
i didnt comment to disagree on anything but the pretended to be a girl '' part and just wanted to further elaborate on why it 's stupid that people thing chihiro was trying to be a girl .
nasıl saygı duyamazsın amk burada akpye herkes laf atıyor ama kimse sokağa çıkma cesaretini gösteremiyor .
bu arkadaşlar hem akp hükümetinde hem de türkiye gibi bir bok çukurunda halkın çoğunluğu onlardan nefret duyarken ya da iğrenirken her şeyi göze alıp hakları için sokağa çıkıyorlar .
i have spent a month crushing by hand every aphid on my roses and strawberries and i never got stung
lol stay mad i guess ¯ ツ ¯ not my problem you got offended
they will use banana turn into minions rise of gur
ca n't really think of anyone else as exciting as those two and are also available on the market .
lol next thing you know top gear liu beats raian ... low-dif
most companies prevent external devices such as usb drives to be used as an information security measure
yeh i remember hearing about people on stage filming for like the last few songs enemy and bones atleast i think but nothing else from that night yet again i was n't there tho so what do i know lmao but oh boy do i pray they did enough filming in montreal for some sort of proper release for purchase/streaming
i made a post of all the things we 've worried over so far not yet complete this is to give you a perspective .
because every single thing we 've been doomscrolling has caused huge anxiety and catastrophic scenarios all in our head .
doomscrolling is something i too sometimes do still however it will not help you at all .
this era we live in has so many ways to give information both false and true .
if you for example go to twitter you will instantly see so much stuff and mostly they are opinions or misleading pieces of news .
people do comments where their own anxiety is booming .
also some troll for the sake of doing so .
you have to make a decision to not click open everything you see to not go to twitter reddit subreddits or just plain google everything .
the thing is that not all people on internet view these things we are worried about the same way .
some are hawkish and screaming for war some are more or less worried and say horrible things like they 're a fact .
also tabloids are not made to be something you can rely on they 're written for clicks and do n't really give a shit about fact checking .
what we need to know is what is told to us by government officials and such .
if something is written with a dramatical way you are sure to read it .
man really time travelled to give us a seminar on medical apparatus
yeah that was the plan in 47 too but then somebody launched a full scale invasion .
i just googled those that 's what i meant by saying i allocated appropriate ram space for minecraft .
i modified xmx2g to xmx4g so that 's why everything works better now .
i see there are still more arguments to further optimize game so guess i got some more hackerman stuff to scratch around d
for the context i dropped minecraft because of those issues 4 years ago and now there 's finally a solution x
i would expect gas stations would become increasingly rare as the number of ice cars decline .
again i know nothing about dutch politics but here in america i was explaining why many right wingers are called nazi 's they allow enough nazis in to their party and then inadvertently start repeating nazi ideas .
i do n't know enough to say what happened here was just trying to explain how many people who are not nazis are labeled nazis
use your phone to take photos of the texts so you have proof even if he deletes them .
if you have android send the photos to your mom as a scheduled message .
then tell him or text him that he has until this time tomorrow to tell her that he 's cheating .
first seen here https redd.it/tshn54 on 2022-03-30 100.0 match .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' vlpwa9 '' meme_template '' null
view search on repostsleuth.com https www.repostsleuth.com/search ? postid=vlpwa9 samesub=false filteronlyolder=true memefilter=false filterdeadmatches=false targetimagematch=92 targetimagememematch=97
op probably meant that most of the modern skins are copypasted concepts/colorations/themes and twists of the older skinlines such as sg elderwood project or cosmic
pc for main work and a medium end laptop for portability
i am going to do that next time in cy just for fun .
it 's not your responsibility to ban someone because they post personal information .
also if ray would smarten up and not allow users were under 18 there would be a whole lot less issues on this site .
mmj is fine but using every day solves some problems and creates others .
i just feel a lot more confident with this much experience
legit when he dropped that tidbit i was like ... hol ' up those ch jeans were n't just part of the wardrobe sourced by your stylists ?
i 'm not a statistician and i have n't done any research but i think that it goes both ways .
there are many of both men and women trying to control the other and their own gender .
if this is in a political light i think that men prevail in politics at this point in time as men have had power as breadmakers due to a long line in history .
in the modern world and young generations this is changing over time but it is not strong enough and has not affected older generations as much male politicians stand in majority and make up most of the light when it comes to control .
sorry for anything unclear feel free to ask questions .
it 's late so i do n't know if this makes any sense .
if you have a fansly account remember to promote it here https www.reddit.com/r/fanslyfriends
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfansgirls101 if you have any questions or concerns .
ich war schon seit jahren auf keiner pride mehr .
als ich noch in wien lebte habe ich die mehr oder weniger zufällig mmer mitgenommen weil ich sowieso auf der gegendemo gegen die christen war ... ... ich bin mior selten wo derartig fehl am platz vorkommen als auf dieser parade .
und später dann ijn hamburg habe ich es gerade ein einziges mal geschafft kurz vor der parade aufzuschlagen einmal durch die menge zu streifen zu denken mah not my people not my activism und mit so ziemlicj der gleichen laune die du da beschreibst wieder zu gehen .
weird how no one felt that way after charlottesville huh ?
r/fortnite is the sub of stw a zombie tower defense .
i respect your opinion but even with the ending i still hold the series in high regard .
too much of the journey to enjoy regardless of how it ended .
getting married at 23 after dating for only 10 months is a horrible idea i do n't understand your comment at all .
i too am riding that wave and hot damn it feels good .
best thing i have seen done with the rainbow yet !
i should also point out that you can find an x-wing with snyder .
opt out of replies haikusbot opt out '' delete my comment haikusbot delete ''
the necrons are big followers of their own rites of war and see it as a point of nobility to observe them .
unfortunately for anyone outside of the necron race this generally means them sending a message saying we 're taking our world back .
get out by next week or be exterminated '' .
some might occasionally rule over or enslave the populace because it amuses them to keep pets or want to force them into slavish adoration of them or something .
they want to rule the galaxy better to rule over something than nothing after all .
this will probably generally end in death for the population since necrons often do n't really 'get ' organics anymore .
and often the humans receiving this warning being the imperium dismiss it out of hand and reinforce their position which the necrons take as ... so you have chosen ... death ''
here 's an excerpt of a necron noble one infected by the flayer virus no less inviting a planetary govenor to dinner .
credit to u/enigmas59 for typing this out from imperial armour 12
'' following the beginning of what we know now to have been the necron assault on the sector laan became plagued with a series of increasingly vivid nightmares in which he found himself seated at a great feasting table surrounded by terrifying deathly figures .
laan himself describes as being masked in bone and gilded steel and glad in the golden raiment of barbarous and alien kings .
set before them is an opulent service of platters and dishes on which lay alternately laid grey dust glowing cinders and raw and bloody meat .
at the head of the table is a vast enthroned figure more terrible than the rest .. so fearful i knew my heart would fail if i looked directly upon him '' .
in this horrific company laan found himself trapped and bidden to eat the strange meal while the deathly court looked on all watching him in malignant silence save one draped in raw skins that ravened at the unholy banquet smearing bloody chunks of flesh into its twisted mask it could not eat and drenching itself with flagons of steaming blood .
when in the dream laan could not stand it any more and cried out to be let go a hooded and shrouded figure appeared at his back and whispered to him
'' these are the worlds that were once hours the worlds that you trespassed on and are now ours again .
the worlds on which we have risen have already been cleansed .
the worlds where we once walked we shall now walk again .
as the rites demand you are given a cycle of the pale stars to prepare yourself for extermination .
maynarkh comes and the banquet shall be served again .
inquisitor ntshona interpreted these dreams as the lies of daemons insinuated into laan 's sleeping mind and a treacherous prophesy designed to sow panic and deceive the imperial forces as to the timing of a future assault .
ironically in hindsight and given the nature of the wider necron threat to the imperium as is now only being understood by our own order everything laan was told so far as his mind could comprehend was likely the literally truth .
cross-referencing laan 's case with those reported elsewhere by inquisitors boas straker and valeria it is likely that laan despite being imperial commander and surrounded by such protection as that office brings was abducted covertly and treated as the head of forces opposing the necrons in the region an experience so malign it damaged his mind in such a fashion that the trauma of it caused his consciousness to block it out .
by accident or design laan 's paranoia-driven concentration of imperial forces in the amarah system was exactly what the necrons had desired an answer to their challenge to die like warriors . ''
they have been allowed to successfully define terms which are favorable to their argument .
because it ends human life '' when does that life begin ?
the point at which i believe the argument hinges is that murder ends a human life '' .
why is it that we allow them to define human life '' as a clump of cells with a unique dna code ?
what is so special about this physical configuration absent metaphysical spectulation that warrants such drastic protections ?
we all hate murder but what is it about stopping the development of this unique dna that is so inherently cruel and wrong ?
is ending the potential of life before it could experience the world truly a cruelty ?
or is giving life hope and joy only to tear it away the true evil ?
i argue that human life '' is not defined as unique dna but the unique personality of an individual who has begun to experience the world and their own existence as only a human could .
a fetus simply does not have the cognitive ability for self awareness and thus it is no great cruely to take away what it can not know it has even lost .
as no person '' is killed thus no human life '' is ended and therefore no murder committed .
i 'm down i love freckles and i 'd kiss each one before i bury my face in it
if we are trying to stop the rich getting richer because more people will be born what is stopping us from mass genocide to stop them from profiting from people who are currently alive ?
well if they 're attempting to rape you there is n't really a threat of rape as it 's just actually happening .
but i think i see what you 're saying .
threat of harm done is a bad metric because it 's too vague and broad so i would n't support that logic no .
i would need something more precise before i support that but i 'm not against it on principle .
however a healthy fetus does not count as a threat during a healthy pregnancy .
so i reject the idea on that grounds as well .
the idea that being pregnant is as harmful and as much a violation as rape is ridiculous .
nope on spotify they start talking about the feeny call at 52:28
i been fell off bill maher when he was clowning bernie .
he 's a liberal jackass like all the rest of em .
my son has recently got into the game called fortnite ?
i 've spent well over 500 on this game and its becoming a problem .
apparently the game is down right now and its causing a lot distress for my child .
he keeps taking my newspaper and tries to full piece '' me .
i do n't know what this means but i 'm starting to think its something associated with the devil .
he wo n't come with us anywhere unless we take a launch pad '' to get there .
its starting to get worse by the hour and i do n't know how much longer i can take this .
his legs arms and hands are shaking violently yet he refuses to take any type of medicine unless its a big pot '' or chuggies . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd send him up to aa and see how he does if he struggles move himndown to a .
i tend to sit around 150 abs before i move a guy personally .
if you change the view to see his ratings for different levels and he 's at 45 or higher ovr i 'd leave him at the highest level that he 's at that rating for to see if he figures it out
alec 's dgaf style is based on a lie though .
people who do n't care about what others say think do n't walk around repeating ‘i do n't care about what you think ! '
they are too busy actually working on notable projects and enjoying their loved ones ' company ... unlike alec .
might 've been a good idea to iron that sweatshirt a little bit
miscarriage is n't rated level 4 though that 's a 3 or 2 .
i mean they see it as a red flag by default meaning it can decrease your chances of getting an interview to begin with .
i saw tmm on broadway in 2003 and mrs. meers was played by dixie carter .
at the time i thought it was so cool but when i think back on it now it makes me cringe .
no shade at dixie but that accent is a really intense listen in 2022 and it should have been then i know .
the whole premise of the show feels icky now .
the folks in this thread have rightly encouraged you to learn to dribble however do remember to make a habit of having a quick glance around you before receiving a pass .
i do n't know you so i can not judge how quick you may be off the mark but by knowing where your opponents are at all times looking around can make you 10x better than anyone because you will have read the game ahead of everyone moved the ball into a better space for you to do something really effectual as opposed to just blocking/guarding/shielding the ball from a tackle .
knowing your next move is crucial and much like the people in this thread have suggested lots of practice and experience will help improve your decision-making .
however by practicing looking around you will improve on this particular facet of your game a lot quicker than usual .
fourfortwo used to have articles about how iniesta and fabregas both of whom are not necessarily gifted in terms of pace managed to always get out of tight spaces by making the most correct decisions through dribbling or passing .
unfortunately i can not find them any longer but if anyone does have a link to those articles they 'll certainly help you improve that aspect of your game .
another crucial bit of physical/gym training is developing a strong core .
that does not strictly refer to just abs and serratus but also good overall body strength across all muscle groups with well developed supporting and stabilizing muscles .
i have no recollection of this but am now quite curious !
i also wonder what is she getting for such a big coverup .
publicists are certainly not trust worthy and are unscrupulous s
or are you saying anybody who fosters/adopts children hate and abuse children
what her people did to her ... she ca n't differ between a person and a group .
i 'm not sure if she can differ between a janitor and a junior
you wan na kick your foot out at 200+lbs of pure muscle and teeth ?
she kicked enough but she was definitely afraid of being bitten .
look at how skinny she is that dog would 've tore her to shreds if he felt like it .
unfortunately fortunately all that aggression was targeted at her dog .
tons of abused people in this thread acting like this is ok ... its real sad .
sometimes i think about the hours i 'll never get back from that game and then remember i do n't regret a second of it
with the new unique java spear zerae 's resolve .
i think i 've seen em selling for pretty cheap .
if it is free then i am down for it but you ca n't force a guy to do it .
there 's no guarantee she would 've got it all in the kids diaper without splash back or spilling it .
diarrhea gets all over the inside of the toilet and she wants to aim '' it in a baby diaper ! !
even baby diapers have blowouts from infant/toddler sized bowel movements .
what makes her think a baby diaper is going to contain diarrhea from a grown adult .
op was right to object to his wife literally shitting in the car .
the wife was delusional to think this was going to be a clean careful process at all ! !
kind of stupid but all the supreme court did was leave it legal up to the states .
no different than ca mandating only ev sales being legal by a future date or banning small motor gas engines for leaf blowers or lawn mowers .
what people do n't want residents of states to decide their laws and what is legal for themselves under the 10a of the us constitution ?
if you do n't like the rules of your state you could always move .
i think the optimism is probably based more on the fact that if we talk just about the economy growing populations tend to be associated with growing economies .
i thought the discussion of how best to use the amount of money sunk into anti-roe lobbying is a needed one .
my point is that the government '' is n't going to rein them in because they own the politicians .
ranting on reddit is as good as it gets enjoy .
i would like to second the comment that included postponing the wedding for two years .
this sounds like a tough transitional time for the teen and a touchy transitional time for you .
if you and your so are meant to be it will happen and you 'll be better prepared then especially if you engage in therapy .
getting married will not make this situation better it will get worse .
and just because she has a plan to move out at 18 does not mean it will happen especially with how the working economically with the world .
there 's very few places that do n't allow self defence .
i was thinking of the scene from the 80s movie the stand .
ed harris played the general in charge of containing the outbreak .
all hell breaks loose and he screams the center is not holding .
10k is not a small amount of neutral element .
super mario galaxy is super solid might be my fav just based on nostalgia .
that being said super mario 3d world and super mario odyssey both have amazing soundtracks too .
i do n't know how but they always keep the mario music fresh .
if you do n't know the reference it 's not for you 🤷‍♀️
i had hoped to be decoupled by the end of the summer .
i 've asked her dad to meet me at my work wednesday .
i do n't know if he will or not as i told him not to respond so my pwbpd does n't find out .
if she did i am certain the fallout would turn violent .
that as covid progresses further into being endemic that like an annual flu shot might become necessary for people in certain jobs and certain health conditions .
and be recommended but not required for the rest of us .
i do n't think we 're quiet to that point yet .
so when the second booster is available for my age group i 'll be getting it .
someone younger than 50 who understands that the current democratic party is only left of the republican party and is quite actually slightly right of center .
my acoustic cello is n't the best quality anyways so i may go full electric .
the sound engineer will probably be thanking me too lol
the daily spicy token are almost always worth it so you can target pull a 4 start after you get 40 tokens .
i have almost 500 spicy tokens stored up so i can always pull a 4 i need to get a legendary token from progression rewards
but like others have said if you 're getting close to rostering him another way it might not be worth it .
a woman has a limited amount of time to have children .
she is with him under the understanding that he was going to have more children with her .
now he seems to be back pedaling on that .
for her to marry him and not be given a child and him to divorce her later would be sentencing her to the possibility of a life without ever having the most important thing in the world to her
have you noticed how engorged and needy your lips stay around this stage of pregnancy and how unbelievable it feels to be taken from behind ?
if they do n't mention it then you do n't mention it .
it 's not gouging if demand is crazy and prices are rising everywhere .
we just bought a place and are moving out .
the landlord just listed the current place we 're renting in kensington and told us they had 75 people inquire over the first 3 days .
it 's a crazy rental market out there right now .
dont care the game contents just want them to bring global chat again
yes we do live in states that protect women 's rights .
however our taxes in blue states are the largest funding source for the federal government .
so our functioning blue state economies are the biggest funders of social benefits and pork going mainly to non-choice anti-freedom red states .
so the answer is yes even if you still have rights in your state that does n't mean this protest does n't count .
if enough women take this seriously it might be the only message that makes a difference .
in the rafters with the raptors on the latest pick
this social media is feedin ya more than a philly
game ai n't been the same ever since i found millie
yeah but some people collect cds like originally from the artists
i 'm glad enews agreed you gals are crazy to think this is similar 🤣
mmmmmm tell me when your about to cum so right before the thought of you cumming makes me cum first deep inside you !
i want you to beg me to keep fucking you so you can cum !
the number one reason i do n't is because subway sucks ass and the deli right next to it gives you a sandwich with 15x the quality and twice the size for the same price .
how can something that already consumes forever still be expanding ?
i 've never heard anything other than basically trust me bro it goes on forever . ''
forever as a unit of distance is tough to comprehend .
it 's not super ideal sometimes ... but it 's not bad .
i also have a spydiechef which is the best folding knife i 've ever owned better than my old crk..
my cores did n't do enough with the buffs .
just hang about your core in the mid game while hiding in the trees .
hex into a full duration shackle while standing next to your core should be an easy kill .
in every game at some point an enemy mid or safe underestimates the disable potential of an ss
did n't something like this get laughed at the other year ?
right but that does n't have a minimum or maximum term as the other poster was discussing .
it 's worth it since we solved racism by changing our primary branch name .
ah ok as long as the two of you can make it work i suppose .
seems there 's a lot of testaments going around 😂
r/onlyfanseasterneurope is a member of the onlyfans101 subreddit network https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans101/wiki/network .
we welcome you to visit all of our subs !
r/onlyfans101brandnew|a subreddit for models who are brand new to reddit
r/onlyfans101tittydrop|an onlyfans subreddit for animated boob dropping videos or gifs
r/onlyfans101legs4days|an onlyfans subreddit for content featuring legs that go all the way to the floor
r/onlyfansnevernude|an onlyfans subreddit for models who leave it to your imagination sfw sub
r/onlyfansbigbeauties|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are larger than average size
r/onlyfans101hotmombods|an onlyfans subreddit for models who rock that mom bod
r/onlyfanslifestyle|an onlyfans subreddit for content that caters to fetishes or lifestyles
r/onlyfans101mouthfuls|an onlyfans subreddit for models who are taking a mouthful
important make sure to post your onlyfans/fansly/admireme/loyalfans link as a reply to your post so people know where to find you .
if you do not post your direct link underneath your post will be removed .
if you are using a custom url linktree allmylinks or offering a trial post your direct link first then add any other links you want to share on a different line .
we will remove posts that do not have a direct link to a content site .
please note reply with your link to your original post not this comment by the automod .
this comment is locked and you ca n't reply to it .
just scroll up and you can reply to your original post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfanseasterneurope if you have any questions or concerns .
u/biglipsbettyboo your submission has been successfully posted in r/bigpussy !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bigpussy if you have any questions or concerns .
look forward to seeing some painted t'au in the future !
maybe she should have had a say in such a huge decision ... . ?
only worked with youth teams so far so hard to tell .
i use my 150 knife to cut up boxes into neat 1'x2 ' pieces for easy disposal .
that 's why it 's so easy to make them impatient .
they 're going to try and catch an aoe or force a conflict so let them .
use cc prod them a bit or worst case scenario get up in their faces and make them waste it on you preferably away from the team but ish happens .
either they use it and maybe get a kill or they hold it too long and deny themselves future lb uses .
it is certainly as dark and deep as enderal though the artistic direction was imo forced to be 'happier ' due to using oblivions assets .
by this i mean that skyrims assets were much 'darker and 'moodier ' than oblivions which are very colourful and soft .
that being said there some fantastic elements in play that puts nehrim in my top 10 games of all time germanic theme throughout the whole gameworld which i find very charming epic sized world to explore tonnes of 'off the road hidden secrets ' to explore interesting dungeons great voice acting for the most part and a brilliant plot which really ramps up in later chapters .
enderal is far more polished but if you can handle the jank of the oblivion engine then you are in for a treat .
the human freedom index is co-published by the cato institute the fraser institute and the liberales institut at the friedrich naumann foundation for freedom .
either they could n't manage to hack the data in a way that gets the us higher or they strategically placed the us at close to top ten to try and push their definition of how it could be even more free '' .
any time anyone sees a list of this sort it should always be viewed with extreme suspicion if not outright dismissed .
at least check the origin and the methodology if it 's even made available at all .
healthy people 's immune systems are trained and their viromes are developed via consistent exposure to low-grade bsl1 or 2 pathogens especially in the first 20-25 years of life .
biosafety professionals and risk managers sometimes refer to that as the viral paradox not exactly lotto 's you got ta play to win but more like a student driver getting experience driving by being on the road not sitting in the parking lot .
honestly i 'm really not a great fan of fender acoustic guitars anyway and at that price you will get what you pay for .
if i were you i 'd go a little higher .
try to get a epiphone acoustic cheaper end eastman sire faith guitar .
when getting a acoustic especially to learn on you want to avoid the bottom end .
it will more than likely be nasty and hard to play .
if this is your budget i 'd get an electric .
i like playing furia with her soul stealer skin coz uhhh 👀
dated a guy for 7 months 4 of those we are in an official relationship told me out of the blue that he is n't ready to maintain a serious relationship due to his anxiety issues and thought about worst case scenarios why we can not work .
told me i had not fault at all it is his problem .
caught me off guard because i just asked him a week before if everything is fine and he said yes .
i felt better now than before but still there are days i miss him .
think about how much interest you saved by paying off the loan .
of course they want you to pay your debt in small increments .
unless you need those 15 points right now highly doubt it would make a difference in any loan pay off your debt !
our elected officials only act when they no longer have a choice .
i have also been in a union position earlier in my career .
i do n't think you 'll get many balanced views on this sub reddit but i 'll give it a go .
i think like any institution or organization unions are not intrinsically good or bad but rather they represent a group of people 's interests and can have a very important and positive role a neutral one or a negative one depending on the people .
this sub advocates for workers and against terrible bosses as i see it so you 'll see pretty strongly pro union views here .
unions in theory advocate for the employee base as a whole and for basic standards .
this has paid off in everything from the existence of the weekend 8 rather than 16-hour days and minimum safety standards as well as outside forces that push back against management excess .
i think unions are particularly important when safety is at risk think heavy machinery or indeed when workers are treated as basically disposable think retail or amazon .
in these cases the employer/employee balance has too much incentive for bad management to take short term gains at the cost of workers ' lives or livelihood .
neutral this sub will say pro but you asked for balanced unions can raise the overall share of compensation of employees vs shareholders/owners through collective bargaining .
from an ownership perspective this reduces the payoff from their risked capital and can make them less competitive cost wise for example us car companies had much higher costs than japanese companies due to union negotiated rules and benefits .
it cost gm more to make cars than toyota because of higher labor costs .
this can have a sup pressing effect on top talent because in a highly structured union environment it can be the length of service that is promoted rather than the quality .
unions can also make it much harder to remove ok '' and bad '' workers .
this is why i believe a union would be a negative at my workplace a big part of making my team successful and making it a place where great people can grow and succeed was removing the wrong folks .
this is mid lower talent and yes people that were great but not good for their roles was holding space .
i have been able to create opportunities for promotion and great hires where people can work autonomously full flex work from home total control over their schedules only because i know i can trust them to do a great job .
i think a union typically exists in an adversarial relationship with management this can be necessary where things are unbalanced see above but in a truly meritocratic environment it can hold things back .
i supervise people who have more years of experience for example which would not be possible in a tenure-promotion environment .
likewise i have had more career success in an environment where i could rise .
in short in environments where workers have high skills can command pricing and opportunity and a lot of options to move unions can hold them back .
think of most of the super high pay industries tech consulting legal finance .
there are also the usual risks of any leadership team to be selfish corrupt etc these critiques may be outdated for many current unions in the current environment where a lot of the basic tenets of a good workplace have been destroyed but that does n't mean they are n't rooted in fact think ny in the mafia era where unions were a lens to drive businesses under the thumb of the mafia .
tl dr unions advocate for workers as a whole .
this is a necessary in some contexts and can be detrimental in others .
he 's not a typical destroyer but he 's very composed .
makes me think of the crazy hotels in the poconos that would advertise that they had wine glass bathtubs .
i always assumed the pictures were photoshopped with people swimming in giant wine glasses until i found out from someone that stayed in one that it was a real thing .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
please note if you are trying to transcribe on reddit mobile you will not be able to copy/paste this footer .
please switch to your mobile browser and copy the footer to a note file on your device .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
thanks for posting in r/kikroleplay and being part of reddit 's roleplay community !
we are incredibly happy to have you here and hope you enjoy your time !
we have a new growing discord with an active community !
we love each and every one of you as long as you 're not a ghoster ⩺_⩹ and hope you enjoy the vibes !
the subreddit has an official discord server to help you find partners that prefer to post/look on discord .
it 's a place to hang out meet and chat casually with other rpers and post your ads .
the discord has giveaways a fast growing community of active posters a bad rp stories channel and we 're adding more as we grow .
if you have suggestions there is a channel for that too !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kikroleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
but i came tonight to bear witness to the sound
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shitposting if you have any questions or concerns .
when i am plugged into the lan102068x port and change my ip be on the lan19216825x subnet i am unable to reach the router or the internet .
if you are plugged into the lan10 port you have to use the ip range for that network not the ip range for another network .
to be on the lan192 network you have to plug into that port and have a 192.168.25.x ip
well played mr. tried to up the stakes in vain we will see if the tools of te trade will allow me to accomplish so .
my favourite strat is do n't think for yourself follow danger dorito '' in the first endwalker trial .
apologies for going off topic but i 'm always curious about others ' designs
what are you expecting your guest to do with a homeassistant dashboard ?
is it really needed to simply stay at your place ?
or is it some advanced stuff that you think your guest would get a kick out of ?
this is also the problem since i do n't get morning wood .
that 's why my urologist prescribed me viagra to test if it will work .
unfortunately i developed a side effect high flow priapism which until now is here .
so the doctor thinks that physically there must be a problem too .
that famous allegra chicken has made its way into the water supply
i 've found that clov mostly follows the inverse of the vix meaning that it follows market performance .
i think this will continue until profitability is reached and positive catalysts can be identified .
the watch4 classic uses springs and ballbearings to pull off the rotating bezel feature
why would you feed the name and adress into the network ?
source they saw it in a meme on facebook .
my doctor got literature from lilly the company that makes emgality and they did a small study on it .
basically they found that the effects were mild and not occurring all that often but the sample size seemed really small to me .
i have an iud so i should n't be getting a period at all but i always do after i do my injection .
i recommend asking your doctor to get the literature from them if you wan na know more
trust me ultima in kh3 is a cakewalk to get compared to 1fm
if you put bowlers no one comes close to murali .
first re appointment went well but also caused me to spiral .
current plan is to finish out this natural cycle and then if my period starts before my next visit/before testing is complete do a timed intercourse cycle and if neither of those work i 'm going right to ivf with pgt .
it was pretty overwhelming to hear that ivf was my best option .
i 'm thankful to have 40k for infertility coverage from my employer but i have no clue how long that will last me .
also i think the pgt testing requires you to do fets i.e i could n't just get everything grown and transferred in one cycle ?
which is upsetting because i had a hope for a quick ish timeline .
if anyone has any words of wisdom advice helpful information etc i am all ears .
i 'm happy to have a path but am so overwhelmed .
i have played since opening day and also have spent money .
i have around 5k plat and farm every day .
oh you have no idea how many times my friends and i have been crashing on series s over the past week or so .
india and saudi arabia are safe for women confirmed by the context free stats !
i once was in a team that shrunk from 8 to 3 in the span of a couple months mostly due to shitty management .
also it 's the most torn-apart company i 've ever seen on glassdoor lol
o questionamento do post é porque um tem a comoção e a cobertura que teve enquanto o outro é ignorado .
i still think that the doors should be kept locked until 9am 10am sunday for safety and theft prevention reasons .
keeping it unlocked is also annoying because when someone hits the buzzer then someone from grooming banfield they never do or the core store all the way at the back of the store has to stop what they 're working on to go and open the door .
and we also have to close them all of the time since customers are too entitled to look for signs on the doors that say to close the door behind you if you open them to enter or exit .
it would be better for banfield and grooming to have someone to be able to go open the door to let people in with appointments but then petsmart would have to hire an additional associate for each of them to have someone there to have time to open/close the door but they will not do that unfortunately .
kepa was a release clause we were forced to buy because not much time was left in that window when courtois forced his move to madrid
cite your sources appropriately no news sources no twitter no youtube .
please read our full ruleset https www.reddit.com/r/covid19/about/rules carefully before commenting/posting .
if you talk about you your mom your friends etc .
experience with covid/covid symptoms or vaccine experiences or any info that pertains to you or their situation you will be banned .
these discussions are better suited for the daily discussion on r/coronavirus .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/covid19 if you have any questions or concerns .
